3	The Rock is destined to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal .
2	The Rock
4	is destined to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal .
3	is destined to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
4	destined to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
2	to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
2	to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and
2	to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan ''
2	to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan
2	be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan
2	the 21st Century 's new `` Conan
2	21st Century 's new `` Conan
2	Century 's new `` Conan
2	Century 's
2	new `` Conan
2	`` Conan
3	that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
3	he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
3	's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
3	going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
3	to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
4	make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
3	make a splash even greater
3	a splash even greater
3	a splash
2	even greater
2	than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
2	Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
2	Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or
2	Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme
2	Arnold Schwarzenegger ,
1	Arnold Schwarzenegger
2	Jean-Claud Van Damme
2	Van Damme
2	Steven Segal
4	The gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth .
4	The gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy
4	The gorgeously elaborate continuation
4	gorgeously elaborate continuation
3	elaborate continuation
2	of `` The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy
2	of ``
2	The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy
2	Lord of the Rings '' trilogy
2	Lord of the Rings
2	of the Rings
2	the Rings
2	'' trilogy
2	is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth .
3	is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth
2	is so huge
2	so huge
2	that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth
3	a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth
2	a column of words
2	a column
2	of words
2	can not adequately describe co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth
2	can not adequately
2	can not
2	describe co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth
2	co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth
3	co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision
2	co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's
2	Peter Jackson 's
3	Jackson 's
3	expanded vision
2	of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth
2	J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth
2	J.R.R. Tolkien 's
2	Tolkien 's
3	Singer\/composer Bryan Adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .
3	Singer\/composer Bryan Adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece
2	Singer\/composer Bryan Adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but
2	Singer\/composer Bryan Adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story --
2	Singer\/composer Bryan Adams contributes a slew of songs
2	Singer\/composer Bryan Adams
2	Bryan Adams
2	contributes a slew of songs
2	a slew of songs
2	a slew
2	of songs
2	-- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story --
2	a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story --
2	a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story
2	a few potential
2	few potential
2	hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story
2	hits ,
2	a few more simply intrusive to the story
2	a few
1	more simply intrusive to the story
1	more simply intrusive
1	simply intrusive
2	to the story
2	the story
3	the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece
4	the whole package
3	whole package
2	certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece
3	captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece
2	the intended , er , spirit of the piece
1	the intended , er , spirit
2	intended , er , spirit
2	intended , er ,
2	, er ,
2	er ,
2	of the piece
2	the piece
2	You 'd think by now America would have had enough of plucky British eccentrics with hearts of gold .
2	You 'd think by now
2	'd think by now
2	think by now
2	by now
2	America would have had enough of plucky British eccentrics with hearts of gold .
2	would have had enough of plucky British eccentrics with hearts of gold .
2	would have had enough of plucky British eccentrics with hearts of gold
1	have had enough of plucky British eccentrics with hearts of gold
2	had enough of plucky British eccentrics with hearts of gold
2	had enough of plucky British eccentrics
1	enough of plucky British eccentrics
2	of plucky British eccentrics
2	plucky British eccentrics
2	British eccentrics
4	with hearts of gold
4	hearts of gold
3	of gold
3	Yet the act is still charming here .
3	the act is still charming here .
2	the act
3	is still charming here .
4	is still charming here
3	is still charming
3	still charming
4	Whether or not you 're enlightened by any of Derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' Derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
2	Whether or not you 're enlightened by any of Derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self
2	or not you 're enlightened by any of Derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self
2	or not you 're enlightened by any of Derrida 's
2	or not
3	you 're enlightened by any of Derrida 's
2	're enlightened by any of Derrida 's
3	enlightened by any of Derrida 's
2	by any of Derrida 's
2	any of Derrida 's
2	of Derrida 's
2	Derrida 's
2	lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self
2	on `` the other '' and `` the self
2	`` the other '' and `` the self
2	the other '' and `` the self
2	the other '' and ``
2	the other '' and
2	the other ''
2	the other
2	the self
3	, '' Derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
3	'' Derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
3	Derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
3	is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
3	is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow
4	an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow
4	undeniably fascinating and playful fellow
4	undeniably fascinating and playful
3	fascinating and playful
4	fascinating and
4	Just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .
3	Just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light
2	Just the labour
2	the labour
3	involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light
3	in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light
4	creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light
3	the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light
3	the layered richness
3	layered richness
3	of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light
3	the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light
2	the imagery
2	in this chiaroscuro of madness and light
3	this chiaroscuro of madness and light
2	this chiaroscuro
2	of madness and light
2	madness and light
2	madness and
3	is astonishing .
3	is astonishing
3	Part of the charm of Satin Rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .
3	Part of the charm of Satin Rouge
3	of the charm of Satin Rouge
4	the charm of Satin Rouge
2	the charm
2	of Satin Rouge
2	Satin Rouge
3	is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .
3	is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness
3	that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness
3	it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness
2	avoids the obvious with humour and lightness
1	avoids the obvious
2	the obvious
3	with humour and lightness
3	humour and lightness
3	humour and
4	a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` Memento ''
2	a screenplay more
2	screenplay more
3	ingeniously constructed than `` Memento ''
2	constructed than `` Memento ''
2	than `` Memento ''
2	than `` Memento
2	than ``
3	`` Extreme Ops '' exceeds expectations .
3	Extreme Ops '' exceeds expectations .
2	Extreme Ops
3	'' exceeds expectations .
4	exceeds expectations .
4	exceeds expectations
4	Good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
3	Good fun
4	, good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
4	good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
4	good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography
4	good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace ,
4	good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace
4	good action , good acting , good dialogue ,
4	good action , good acting , good dialogue
4	good action , good acting ,
4	good action , good acting
4	good action ,
3	good action
3	good acting
3	good dialogue
4	good pace
3	good cinematography
2	You Should Pay Nine Bucks for This : Because you can hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected .
2	Should Pay Nine Bucks for This : Because you can hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected .
1	Should Pay Nine Bucks for This : Because you can hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected
2	Pay Nine Bucks for This : Because you can hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected
2	Pay Nine Bucks for This :
1	Pay Nine Bucks for This
2	Nine Bucks for This
2	Nine Bucks
2	for This
1	Because you can hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected
2	you can hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected
2	can hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected
2	hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected
2	hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and still
2	hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and
2	hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news
2	about suffering Afghan refugees on the news
1	suffering Afghan refugees on the news
1	suffering Afghan refugees
2	Afghan refugees
2	on the news
2	the news
1	be unaffected
4	Dramas like this make it human .
2	Dramas like this
2	like this
2	make it human .
3	make it human
2	it human
2	A thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between ; their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action .
2	A thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between ; their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action
3	A thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between ;
2	A thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between
3	A thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse
3	A thunderous ride
3	thunderous ride
3	at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse
3	first , quiet cadences of pure finesse
3	first , quiet cadences
2	, quiet cadences
2	quiet cadences
3	of pure finesse
4	pure finesse
2	are few and far between
2	are few
2	and far between
2	far between
1	their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action
2	their shortage
3	dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action
2	the potency of otherwise respectable action
2	the potency
2	of otherwise respectable action
3	otherwise respectable action
3	otherwise respectable
4	Still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
4	, this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
4	this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
2	this flick
3	is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
4	is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences
4	fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences
3	fun , and
3	fun ,
3	host to some truly excellent sequences
3	to some truly excellent sequences
3	some truly excellent sequences
4	truly excellent sequences
4	truly excellent
3	Australian actor\/director John Polson and award-winning English cinematographer Giles Nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .
2	Australian actor\/director John Polson and award-winning English cinematographer Giles Nuttgens
2	Australian actor\/director John Polson and
2	Australian actor\/director John Polson
2	actor\/director John Polson
2	John Polson
3	award-winning English cinematographer Giles Nuttgens
2	English cinematographer Giles Nuttgens
2	cinematographer Giles Nuttgens
2	Giles Nuttgens
2	make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .
3	make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation
3	make a terrific effort
4	a terrific effort
4	terrific effort
2	at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation
3	disguising the obvious with energy and innovation
2	disguising the obvious
2	the obvious
3	with energy and innovation
3	energy and innovation
2	energy and
3	You walk out of The Good Girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of Justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .
2	walk out of The Good Girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of Justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .
2	walk out of The Good Girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of Justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions
1	walk out of The Good Girl with mixed emotions --
2	walk out of The Good Girl with mixed emotions
1	walk out of The Good Girl
2	walk out
2	of The Good Girl
2	The Good Girl
2	Good Girl
2	with mixed emotions
2	mixed emotions
2	disapproval of Justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions
2	disapproval of Justine
2	of Justine
3	combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions
2	with a tinge of understanding for her actions
2	a tinge of understanding for her actions
2	a tinge
2	of understanding for her actions
2	understanding for her actions
2	for her actions
2	her actions
2	Post 9\/11 the philosophical message of `` Personal Freedom First '' might not be as palatable as intended .
2	Post 9\/11 the philosophical message of `` Personal Freedom First ''
2	Post 9\/11 the philosophical message
2	Post 9\/11
2	the philosophical message
2	philosophical message
2	of `` Personal Freedom First ''
2	of `` Personal Freedom First
2	of ``
2	Personal Freedom First
2	Freedom First
1	might not be as palatable as intended .
1	might not be as palatable as intended
2	might not
2	be as palatable as intended
2	as palatable as intended
2	palatable as intended
2	as intended
4	Absorbing character study by André Turpin .
2	Absorbing character
2	study by André Turpin .
2	study by André Turpin
2	by André Turpin
2	André Turpin
3	If you love reading and\/or poetry , then by all means check it out .
3	If you love reading and\/or poetry
3	you love reading and\/or poetry
3	love reading and\/or poetry
2	reading and\/or poetry
2	and\/or poetry
3	, then by all means check it out .
3	then by all means check it out .
2	then by all
2	by all
3	means check it out .
2	means check it out
4	check it out
2	check it
4	You 'll probably love it .
4	'll probably love it .
3	'll probably love it
2	'll probably
4	love it
3	`` Frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit ! ''
3	Frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit ! ''
4	'' has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit ! ''
3	has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit ! ''
4	has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit !
3	has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit
3	been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit
3	written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit
4	written so well ,
3	written so well
3	so well
2	that even a simple `` Goddammit
2	that even
1	a simple `` Goddammit
2	a simple
1	`` Goddammit
2	near the end takes on a whole other meaning .
2	near the end
2	the end
3	takes on a whole other meaning .
3	takes on a whole other meaning
2	on a whole other meaning
2	a whole other meaning
2	whole other meaning
2	other meaning
4	Grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to Toback 's Heidegger - and Nietzsche-referencing dialogue .
4	is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to Toback 's Heidegger - and Nietzsche-referencing dialogue .
3	is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to Toback 's Heidegger - and Nietzsche-referencing dialogue
4	is terrific ,
4	is terrific
3	bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to Toback 's Heidegger - and Nietzsche-referencing dialogue
3	bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery
3	an unforced , rapid-fire delivery
3	unforced , rapid-fire delivery
3	, rapid-fire delivery
3	rapid-fire delivery
2	to Toback 's Heidegger - and Nietzsche-referencing dialogue
2	Toback 's Heidegger - and Nietzsche-referencing dialogue
2	Toback 's Heidegger - and
2	Toback 's Heidegger -
2	Toback 's Heidegger
2	Toback 's
2	Nietzsche-referencing dialogue
2	The Sundance Film Festival has become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon Utah each January to ferret out The Next Great Thing .
2	The Sundance Film Festival
2	Sundance Film Festival
3	Film Festival
2	has become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon Utah each January to ferret out The Next Great Thing .
2	has become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon Utah each January to ferret out The Next Great Thing
1	become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon Utah each January to ferret out The Next Great Thing
2	become so buzz-obsessed
2	so buzz-obsessed
2	that fans and producers descend upon Utah each January to ferret out The Next Great Thing
2	fans and producers descend upon Utah each January to ferret out The Next Great Thing
2	fans and producers
2	fans and
2	descend upon Utah each January to ferret out The Next Great Thing
2	descend upon Utah each January
2	descend upon Utah each
2	upon Utah each
2	Utah each
2	to ferret out The Next Great Thing
2	ferret out The Next Great Thing
2	ferret out
3	The Next Great Thing
3	Next Great Thing
3	Great Thing
2	` Tadpole ' was one of the films so declared this year , but it 's really more of The Next Pretty Good Thing .
2	Tadpole ' was one of the films so declared this year , but it 's really more of The Next Pretty Good Thing .
2	Tadpole ' was one of the films so declared this year , but it 's really more of The Next Pretty Good Thing
2	Tadpole ' was one of the films so declared this year , but
2	Tadpole ' was one of the films so declared this year ,
2	Tadpole ' was one of the films so declared this year
2	Tadpole '
2	was one of the films so declared this year
2	one of the films so declared this year
2	of the films so declared this year
2	the films so declared this year
2	the films
2	so declared this year
2	declared this year
2	this year
2	it 's really more of The Next Pretty Good Thing
2	's really more of The Next Pretty Good Thing
2	really more of The Next Pretty Good Thing
2	really more
2	of The Next Pretty Good Thing
2	The Next Pretty Good Thing
3	Next Pretty Good Thing
3	Pretty Good Thing
3	Good Thing
4	The actors are fantastic .
2	The actors
3	are fantastic .
4	are fantastic
3	They are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .
3	are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .
4	are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre
3	what makes it worth the trip to the theatre
3	makes it worth the trip to the theatre
2	makes it
4	worth the trip to the theatre
2	the trip to the theatre
2	the trip
2	to the theatre
2	the theatre
4	-LRB- Taymor -RRB- utilizes the idea of making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work .
2	-LRB- Taymor -RRB-
2	Taymor -RRB-
4	utilizes the idea of making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work .
3	utilizes the idea of making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work
3	the idea of making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work
2	the idea
3	of making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work
4	making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work
3	making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often
3	making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie ,
3	making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie
3	making Kahlo 's art a living ,
3	making Kahlo 's art a living
2	making Kahlo 's art
2	Kahlo 's art
2	Kahlo 's
2	a living
2	breathing part of the movie
2	part of the movie
2	of the movie
2	the movie
3	catapulting the artist into her own work
3	catapulting the artist
2	the artist
2	into her own work
2	her own work
2	own work
1	This is n't a new idea .
2	is n't a new idea .
1	is n't a new idea
1	is n't
3	a new idea
2	new idea
4	It 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
4	's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
4	's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion
4	been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion
3	been done before but never so vividly or
3	been done before but never so vividly
3	done before but never so vividly
3	before but never so vividly
2	but never so vividly
3	never so vividly
3	so vividly
3	with so much passion
3	so much passion
2	so much
3	-LRB- `` Take Care of My Cat '' -RRB- is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .
2	-LRB- `` Take Care of My Cat '' -RRB-
2	`` Take Care of My Cat '' -RRB-
2	Take Care of My Cat '' -RRB-
2	Take Care of My Cat ''
2	Care of My Cat ''
2	of My Cat ''
2	My Cat ''
2	Cat ''
3	is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .
4	is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals
3	an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals
3	an honestly nice little film
3	honestly nice little film
4	honestly nice
2	little film
2	that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals
3	takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals
2	takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea
2	takes us
2	on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea
2	an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea
2	an examination
2	of young adult life in urban South Korea
3	young adult life in urban South Korea
2	young adult life
2	adult life
2	in urban South Korea
3	urban South Korea
2	South Korea
2	through the hearts and minds of the five principals
2	the hearts and minds of the five principals
3	the hearts and minds
3	hearts and minds
2	hearts and
2	of the five principals
2	the five principals
2	five principals
2	It 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean , but I liked it .
2	It 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean , but I liked it
0	It 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean , but
0	It 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean ,
0	It 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean
0	's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean
1	's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and
1	's not life-affirming -- its vulgar
2	's not life-affirming --
1	's not life-affirming
1	not life-affirming
1	its vulgar
3	I liked it
3	liked it
3	What `` Empire '' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .
2	What `` Empire '' lacks in depth
1	`` Empire '' lacks in depth
1	Empire '' lacks in depth
1	'' lacks in depth
1	lacks in depth
2	in depth
3	it makes up for with its heart .
3	makes up for with its heart .
3	makes up for with its heart
2	makes up
4	for with its heart
2	with its heart
3	its heart
4	Light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .
2	Light , silly ,
3	Light , silly
2	Light ,
3	photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .
4	photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time
3	with colour and depth , and rather a good time
3	colour and depth , and rather a good time
2	colour and depth , and rather
3	colour and depth , and
3	colour and depth ,
2	colour and depth
2	colour and
3	a good time
3	good time
3	But tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference ...
3	tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference ...
2	tongue-in-cheek preposterousness
3	has always been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference ...
3	has always been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference
2	has always
3	been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference
2	part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference
2	of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference
3	For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference
3	For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and
2	For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses
2	For the most part
2	the most part
2	most part
3	Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses
3	Wilde 's droll whimsy
2	Wilde 's
1	droll whimsy
3	helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses
3	`` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses
3	Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses
2	Being Earnest
3	'' overcome its weaknesses
3	overcome its weaknesses
1	its weaknesses
3	Parker 's creative interference
2	Parker 's
3	creative interference
3	Much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo .
4	Much of the movie 's charm
3	of the movie 's charm
3	the movie 's charm
2	the movie 's
2	movie 's
3	lies in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo .
3	lies in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo
3	in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo
3	the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo
4	the utter cuteness
3	utter cuteness
2	of Stuart and Margolo
2	Stuart and Margolo
2	Stuart and
3	Their computer-animated faces are very expressive .
1	Their computer-animated faces
2	computer-animated faces
3	are very expressive .
3	are very expressive
3	very expressive
2	The path Ice Age follows most closely , though , is the one established by Warner Bros. giant Chuck Jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie 's release .
2	The path Ice Age follows most closely
2	The path
2	Ice Age follows most closely
2	Ice Age
2	follows most closely
3	most closely
2	, though , is the one established by Warner Bros. giant Chuck Jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie 's release .
2	though , is the one established by Warner Bros. giant Chuck Jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie 's release .
2	, is the one established by Warner Bros. giant Chuck Jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie 's release .
2	is the one established by Warner Bros. giant Chuck Jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie 's release .
2	is the one established by Warner Bros. giant Chuck Jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie 's release
2	the one established by Warner Bros. giant Chuck Jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie 's release
2	the one
2	established by Warner Bros. giant Chuck Jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie 's release
2	by Warner Bros. giant Chuck Jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie 's release
2	Warner Bros. giant Chuck Jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie 's release
2	Warner Bros. giant Chuck Jones ,
2	Warner Bros. giant Chuck Jones
2	Bros. giant Chuck Jones
3	giant Chuck Jones
2	Chuck Jones
1	who died a matter of weeks before the movie 's release
1	died a matter of weeks before the movie 's release
1	died a matter of weeks
2	a matter of weeks
2	a matter
3	of weeks
2	before the movie 's release
2	the movie 's release
2	the movie 's
2	movie 's
3	... spiced with humor -LRB- ' I speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand -RRB- and witty updatings -LRB- Silver 's parrot has been replaced with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around -RRB-
3	... spiced with humor -LRB- ' I speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand -RRB- and
3	... spiced with humor -LRB- ' I speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand -RRB-
3	spiced with humor -LRB- ' I speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand -RRB-
2	with humor -LRB- ' I speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand -RRB-
2	humor -LRB- ' I speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand -RRB-
2	-LRB- ' I speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand -RRB-
2	' I speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand -RRB-
2	' I speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand
2	I speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand
3	speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand
2	speak fluent flatula , '
2	speak fluent flatula ,
1	speak fluent flatula
2	fluent flatula
2	advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand
2	advises Denlopp
2	after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand
2	a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand
2	a rather , er , bubbly exchange
2	rather , er , bubbly exchange
2	rather , er , bubbly
3	, er , bubbly
3	er , bubbly
2	, bubbly
2	with an alien deckhand
2	an alien deckhand
2	alien deckhand
3	witty updatings -LRB- Silver 's parrot has been replaced with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around -RRB-
2	witty updatings
3	-LRB- Silver 's parrot has been replaced with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around -RRB-
2	Silver 's parrot has been replaced with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around -RRB-
2	Silver 's parrot has been replaced with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around
2	Silver 's parrot
2	Silver 's
2	has been replaced with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around
3	been replaced with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around
3	replaced with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around
3	with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around
2	Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around
2	Morph ,
3	a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around
3	a cute alien creature
3	cute alien creature
3	cute alien
2	who mimics everyone and everything around
2	mimics everyone and everything around
1	mimics everyone and everything
2	everyone and everything
2	everyone and
3	There 's an energy to Y Tu Mamá También .
3	's an energy to Y Tu Mamá También .
2	's an energy to Y Tu Mamá También
3	an energy to Y Tu Mamá También
2	an energy
2	to Y Tu Mamá También
2	Y Tu Mamá También
2	Tu Mamá También
2	Mamá También
4	Much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
2	Much of it
2	of it
4	comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
4	comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors
3	comes from the brave , uninhibited performances
3	from the brave , uninhibited performances
3	the brave , uninhibited performances
4	brave , uninhibited performances
3	brave , uninhibited
3	, uninhibited
2	by its lead actors
2	its lead actors
2	lead actors
2	`` 13 Conversations '' holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point .
2	13 Conversations '' holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point .
2	13 Conversations
2	'' holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point .
1	holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point .
1	holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point
2	holds its goodwill close , but
3	holds its goodwill close ,
3	holds its goodwill close
3	its goodwill close
2	goodwill close
1	is relatively slow to come to the point
1	relatively slow to come to the point
1	slow to come to the point
2	to come to the point
2	come to the point
2	to the point
2	the point
3	`` Auto Focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the Playboy era
2	`` Auto Focus ''
2	Auto Focus ''
2	Focus ''
3	works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the Playboy era
2	as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the Playboy era
3	an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the Playboy era
2	an unusual biopic and document
3	unusual biopic and document
2	biopic and document
2	biopic and
2	of male swingers in the Playboy era
2	male swingers in the Playboy era
2	male swingers
2	in the Playboy era
2	the Playboy era
2	Playboy era
2	If Mr. Zhang 's subject matter is , to some degree at least , quintessentially American , his approach to storytelling might be called Iranian .
2	If Mr. Zhang 's subject matter is , to some degree at least , quintessentially American
2	Mr. Zhang 's subject matter is , to some degree at least , quintessentially American
2	Mr. Zhang 's subject matter
2	Mr. Zhang 's
2	Zhang 's
2	subject matter
3	is , to some degree at least , quintessentially American
2	is , to some degree at least ,
2	is , to some degree at least
2	is , to some degree
2	is ,
2	to some degree
2	some degree
2	at least
3	quintessentially American
1	, his approach to storytelling might be called Iranian .
2	his approach to storytelling might be called Iranian .
2	his approach to storytelling
2	his approach
2	to storytelling
2	might be called Iranian .
2	might be called Iranian
2	be called Iranian
2	called Iranian
0	... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... The film 's ending has a `` What was it all for ? ''
1	... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... The film 's ending has a `` What was it all for ?
0	... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... The film 's ending has a `` What was it all for
1	... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ...
2	... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's
1	... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920
0	... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety
0	a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety
0	a sour little movie
1	sour little movie
2	little movie
2	at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety
2	its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety
2	its core ;
3	its core
2	an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety
2	an exploration of the emptiness
2	an exploration
2	of the emptiness
2	the emptiness
2	that underlay the relentless gaiety
2	underlay the relentless gaiety
1	the relentless gaiety
2	relentless gaiety
2	of the 1920
2	the 1920
1	The film 's ending has a `` What was it all for
2	The film 's ending
2	The film 's
2	film 's
1	has a `` What was it all for
2	a `` What was it all for
2	a ``
2	What was it all for
2	was it all for
2	was it
2	all for
3	feeling to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun .
2	feeling to it , but like the 1920 's
2	to it , but like the 1920 's
2	to it
2	, but like the 1920 's
2	, but
2	like the 1920 's
2	the 1920 's
2	1920 's
3	, the trip there is a great deal of fun .
3	the trip there is a great deal of fun .
2	the trip
4	there is a great deal of fun .
4	is a great deal of fun .
4	is a great deal of fun
4	a great deal of fun
3	a great deal
3	great deal
3	of fun
3	`` Cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` For serious film buffs only ! ''
1	Cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` For serious film buffs only ! ''
2	Cremaster 3
2	'' should come with the warning `` For serious film buffs only ! ''
3	should come with the warning `` For serious film buffs only ! ''
2	should come with the warning `` For serious film buffs only !
1	should come with the warning `` For serious film buffs only
2	come with the warning `` For serious film buffs only
2	come with the warning `` For serious film buffs
1	come with the warning ``
1	come with the warning
2	with the warning
2	the warning
3	For serious film buffs
2	serious film buffs
3	film buffs
1	Made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .
1	Made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby
2	Made me unintentionally famous --
3	Made me unintentionally famous
2	Made me
2	unintentionally famous
0	as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby
1	the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby
2	the queasy-stomached critic
2	queasy-stomached critic
1	who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby
1	staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby
2	staggered from the theater and
1	staggered from the theater
2	from the theater
2	the theater
1	blacked out in the lobby
1	blacked out
2	in the lobby
2	the lobby
4	But believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen .
2	But believe it or not
2	believe it or not
3	believe it or
3	believe it
4	, it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen .
4	it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen .
4	's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen .
4	's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen
4	one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen
4	of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen
4	the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen
4	the most beautiful , evocative works
4	most beautiful , evocative works
4	most beautiful , evocative
4	beautiful , evocative
3	, evocative
2	I 've seen
2	've seen
3	García Bernal and Talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out .
3	García Bernal and Talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out
4	García Bernal and Talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and
4	García Bernal and Talancón are an immensely appealing couple ,
3	García Bernal and Talancón are an immensely appealing couple
2	García Bernal and Talancón
2	Bernal and Talancón
2	Bernal and
4	are an immensely appealing couple
3	an immensely appealing couple
4	immensely appealing couple
4	immensely appealing
3	even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out
2	even though their story is predictable
1	though their story is predictable
1	their story is predictable
2	their story
1	is predictable
2	, you 'll want things to work out
3	you 'll want things to work out
2	'll want things to work out
2	want things to work out
2	things to work out
2	to work out
2	work out
4	... a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .
3	a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .
4	a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh
3	a spoof comedy
2	spoof comedy
3	that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh
3	carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh
3	its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh
2	its share
3	of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh
3	laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh
4	laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure ,
3	laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and
2	laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw
2	laughs -- sometimes a chuckle ,
3	laughs -- sometimes a chuckle
3	laughs --
3	sometimes a chuckle
3	a chuckle
2	sometimes a guffaw
2	a guffaw
3	, to my great pleasure ,
3	to my great pleasure ,
4	to my great pleasure
3	my great pleasure
4	great pleasure
3	the occasional belly laugh
3	occasional belly laugh
3	belly laugh
3	-LRB- City -RRB- reminds us how realistically nuanced a Robert De Niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year .
2	-LRB- City -RRB-
2	City -RRB-
2	reminds us how realistically nuanced a Robert De Niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year .
3	reminds us how realistically nuanced a Robert De Niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year
2	reminds us
2	how realistically nuanced a Robert De Niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year
1	realistically nuanced a Robert De Niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year
1	nuanced a Robert De Niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year
2	a Robert De Niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year
2	a Robert De Niro performance
3	Robert De Niro performance
2	De Niro performance
3	Niro performance
2	can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year
1	be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year
1	when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year
1	he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year
1	is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year
2	is not more
1	is not
1	lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year
2	engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year
1	in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year
1	the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year
1	the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and
1	the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB-
1	the shameless self-caricature
1	shameless self-caricature
2	of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB-
2	` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB-
2	Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB-
2	Analyze This
2	' -LRB- 1999 -RRB-
2	-LRB- 1999 -RRB-
2	1999 -RRB-
2	` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year
2	Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year
2	Analyze That , '
2	Analyze That ,
2	Analyze That
1	promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year
2	promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for
2	promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB-
2	-LRB- or threatened -RRB-
2	-LRB- or threatened
2	-LRB- or
2	later this year
2	this year
4	The wanton slipperiness of \* Corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
2	The wanton slipperiness of \* Corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space
1	The wanton slipperiness
2	wanton slipperiness
2	of \* Corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space
3	\* Corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space
2	\* Corpus and its amiable jerking and
1	\* Corpus and its amiable jerking
2	\* Corpus and
2	\* Corpus
1	its amiable jerking
2	amiable jerking
2	reshaping of physical time and space
2	of physical time and space
2	physical time and space
2	time and space
2	time and
4	would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
3	would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art
4	make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art
2	make it
4	a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art
4	great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art
4	piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art
3	to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art
3	watch with kids and use to introduce video as art
2	watch with kids and
2	watch with kids
2	with kids
2	use to introduce video as art
2	to introduce video as art
3	introduce video as art
2	introduce video
2	as art
4	`` Frailty '' starts out like a typical Bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different -LRB- and better -RRB- than most films with this theme .
4	`` Frailty '' starts out like a typical Bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different -LRB- and better -RRB- than most films with this theme
2	`` Frailty '' starts out like a typical Bible killer story , but
2	`` Frailty '' starts out like a typical Bible killer story ,
2	`` Frailty '' starts out like a typical Bible killer story
1	Frailty '' starts out like a typical Bible killer story
1	'' starts out like a typical Bible killer story
1	starts out like a typical Bible killer story
3	starts out
1	like a typical Bible killer story
1	a typical Bible killer story
2	typical Bible killer story
2	Bible killer story
2	killer story
4	it turns out to be significantly different -LRB- and better -RRB- than most films with this theme
4	turns out to be significantly different -LRB- and better -RRB- than most films with this theme
2	turns out
4	to be significantly different -LRB- and better -RRB- than most films with this theme
3	be significantly different -LRB- and better -RRB- than most films with this theme
3	be significantly different -LRB- and better -RRB- than most films
4	significantly different -LRB- and better -RRB- than most films
3	significantly different -LRB- and better -RRB-
3	different -LRB- and better -RRB-
3	-LRB- and better -RRB-
3	-LRB- and better
2	-LRB- and
2	than most films
2	most films
2	with this theme
2	this theme
4	For those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half .
2	For those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste
2	those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste
2	who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste
3	pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste
2	pride themselves
3	on sophisticated , discerning taste
4	sophisticated , discerning taste
3	, discerning taste
3	discerning taste
4	, this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half .
4	this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half .
4	this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half
2	this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however
1	this might not seem like the proper cup of tea ,
2	this might not seem like the proper cup of tea
1	might not seem like the proper cup of tea
2	might not
3	seem like the proper cup of tea
2	like the proper cup of tea
2	the proper cup of tea
2	the proper cup
2	proper cup
2	of tea
4	it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half
4	is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half
3	almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half
2	almost guaranteed
4	that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half
4	even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half
3	even the stuffiest cinema goers
1	the stuffiest cinema goers
1	stuffiest cinema goers
2	cinema goers
4	will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half
3	laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half
3	laugh their \*\*\* off
2	laugh their \*\*\*
2	their \*\*\*
2	for an hour-and-a-half
2	an hour-and-a-half
4	It cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .
4	cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .
3	cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you
3	to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you
3	to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and
3	to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl ,
3	to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl
2	to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys ,
3	to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys
2	to the core of what it actually means to face your fears
2	the core of what it actually means to face your fears
2	the core
3	of what it actually means to face your fears
2	what it actually means to face your fears
2	it actually means to face your fears
3	actually means to face your fears
3	means to face your fears
2	to face your fears
2	face your fears
2	your fears
2	, to be a girl in a world of boys
2	to be a girl in a world of boys
2	be a girl in a world of boys
2	a girl in a world of boys
2	a girl
2	in a world of boys
2	a world of boys
2	a world
2	of boys
3	to be a boy truly in love with a girl
2	be a boy truly in love with a girl
2	be a boy
2	a boy
3	truly in love with a girl
3	in love with a girl
2	love with a girl
2	with a girl
2	a girl
3	to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you
3	ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you
3	the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you
2	the big metaphorical wave
2	big metaphorical wave
2	metaphorical wave
2	that is life -- wherever it takes you
2	is life -- wherever it takes you
2	is life --
2	is life
2	wherever it takes you
2	it takes you
2	takes you
3	A welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
3	A welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic
3	A welcome relief
3	welcome relief
1	from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic
0	baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic
2	baseball movies
1	that try too hard to be mythic
1	try too hard to be mythic
1	too hard to be mythic
1	hard to be mythic
2	to be mythic
2	be mythic
3	, this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
4	this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
2	this one
4	is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
3	is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story
3	a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story
3	a sweet and modest and
4	a sweet and modest
3	sweet and modest
3	sweet and
4	ultimately winning story
3	winning story
3	A crisp psychological drama -LRB- and -RRB- a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` Twilight Zone '' episode .
3	A crisp psychological drama -LRB- and -RRB- a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` Twilight Zone '' episode
3	A crisp psychological drama -LRB- and -RRB-
3	A crisp psychological drama
3	crisp psychological drama
2	psychological drama
2	-LRB- and -RRB-
2	and -RRB-
3	a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` Twilight Zone '' episode
3	a fascinating little thriller
3	fascinating little thriller
2	little thriller
2	that would have been perfect for an old `` Twilight Zone '' episode
2	would have been perfect for an old `` Twilight Zone '' episode
3	have been perfect for an old `` Twilight Zone '' episode
3	been perfect for an old `` Twilight Zone '' episode
2	been perfect
2	for an old `` Twilight Zone '' episode
2	an old `` Twilight Zone '' episode
2	old `` Twilight Zone '' episode
2	`` Twilight Zone '' episode
2	Twilight Zone '' episode
3	Zone '' episode
2	'' episode
3	It has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .
3	has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .
3	has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
4	more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
2	more than a few moments
2	more than a few
2	than a few
2	than a
4	that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
3	are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
3	insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
3	insightful enough
3	to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
3	be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
3	fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
3	remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
2	in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
3	the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
2	the endlessly challenging maze
2	endlessly challenging maze
3	endlessly challenging
2	of moviegoing
2	Opening with some contrived banter , cliches and some loose ends , the screenplay only comes into its own in the second half .
2	Opening with some contrived banter , cliches and some loose ends
1	with some contrived banter , cliches and some loose ends
0	some contrived banter , cliches and some loose ends
1	some contrived banter , cliches and
2	some contrived banter , cliches
1	some contrived banter ,
2	some contrived banter
1	contrived banter
2	some loose ends
2	loose ends
3	, the screenplay only comes into its own in the second half .
2	the screenplay only comes into its own in the second half .
2	the screenplay
2	only comes into its own in the second half .
3	comes into its own in the second half .
2	comes into its own in the second half
3	comes into its own
2	into its own
3	its own
2	in the second half
2	the second half
2	second half
3	An uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . '
3	An uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations .
3	An uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations
4	An uncluttered , resonant gem
3	uncluttered , resonant gem
3	, resonant gem
4	resonant gem
3	that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations
3	relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations
2	relays its universal points
2	its universal points
2	universal points
3	without lectures or confrontations
2	lectures or confrontations
2	lectures or
3	-LRB- The Cockettes -RRB- provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
3	The Cockettes -RRB- provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
2	The Cockettes
2	-RRB- provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
3	provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
3	provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable .
3	provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable
2	provides a window
2	a window
2	into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable
3	a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable
2	a subculture hell-bent
2	subculture hell-bent
3	on expressing itself in every way imaginable
3	expressing itself in every way imaginable
2	expressing itself
2	in every way imaginable
2	every way imaginable
2	way imaginable
3	A smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .
4	A smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire
3	A smart , steamy mix
3	smart , steamy mix
2	, steamy mix
2	steamy mix
3	of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire
3	road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire
3	road movie , coming-of-age story and
2	road movie , coming-of-age story
2	road movie ,
2	road movie
2	coming-of-age story
2	political satire
1	The modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals .
2	The modern-day royals
3	modern-day royals
2	have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals .
2	have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals
2	nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals
2	on these guys when it comes to scandals
2	these guys when it comes to scandals
2	these guys
2	when it comes to scandals
2	it comes to scandals
2	comes to scandals
2	to scandals
1	It 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .
2	's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .
1	's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after
1	's only in fairy tales
2	's only
2	in fairy tales
2	fairy tales
2	that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after
2	princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after
2	princesses that are married for political reason
2	that are married for political reason
1	are married for political reason
2	married for political reason
2	for political reason
2	political reason
3	live happily ever after
4	live happily ever
3	live happily
4	A terrific B movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .
4	A terrific B movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory
3	A terrific B movie --
4	A terrific B movie
4	terrific B movie
1	B movie
4	in fact , the best in recent memory
4	fact , the best in recent memory
3	fact ,
4	the best in recent memory
4	the best
2	in recent memory
2	recent memory
3	`` Birthday Girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
3	Birthday Girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
2	Birthday Girl
3	'' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
2	is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
2	is an actor 's movie first and foremost
2	is an actor 's movie
2	an actor 's movie
2	an actor 's
2	actor 's
2	first and foremost
1	first and
4	I walked away from this new version of E.T. just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes .
3	walked away from this new version of E.T. just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes .
4	walked away from this new version of E.T. just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes
0	walked away from this new version of E.T.
1	walked away
2	from this new version of E.T.
2	this new version of E.T.
2	this new version
2	new version
2	of E.T.
3	just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes
2	as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes
2	I hoped I would -- with moist eyes
3	hoped I would -- with moist eyes
2	I would -- with moist eyes
3	would -- with moist eyes
2	would --
2	with moist eyes
2	moist eyes
4	For devotees of French cinema , Safe Conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
3	For devotees of French cinema
2	devotees of French cinema
2	of French cinema
2	French cinema
3	, Safe Conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
3	Safe Conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
2	Safe Conduct
4	is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
4	is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven
3	is so rich with period minutiae
3	so rich with period minutiae
3	rich with period minutiae
2	with period minutiae
2	period minutiae
3	it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven
4	's like dying and going to celluloid heaven
2	like dying and going to celluloid heaven
2	dying and going to celluloid heaven
1	dying and going
1	dying and
2	to celluloid heaven
3	celluloid heaven
3	What 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children .
2	What 's really so appealing about the characters
3	's really so appealing about the characters
2	's really
3	so appealing about the characters
3	appealing about the characters
2	about the characters
2	the characters
3	is their resemblance to everyday children .
2	is their resemblance to everyday children
2	their resemblance to everyday children
2	their resemblance
2	to everyday children
2	everyday children
2	Shamelessly resorting to pee-related sight gags that might even cause Tom Green a grimace ; still , Myer 's energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail
2	resorting to pee-related sight gags that might even cause Tom Green a grimace ; still , Myer 's energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail
2	to pee-related sight gags that might even cause Tom Green a grimace ; still , Myer 's energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail
3	pee-related sight gags that might even cause Tom Green a grimace ; still , Myer 's energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail
2	pee-related sight gags that might even cause Tom Green a grimace ; still , Myer 's energy and
2	pee-related sight gags that might even cause Tom Green a grimace ; still , Myer 's energy
1	pee-related sight gags that might even cause Tom Green a grimace ; still ,
1	pee-related sight gags that might even cause Tom Green a grimace ; still
2	pee-related sight gags
1	sight gags
1	that might even cause Tom Green a grimace ; still
2	might even cause Tom Green a grimace ; still
2	might even
1	cause Tom Green a grimace ; still
2	cause Tom Green a grimace ;
1	cause Tom Green a grimace
1	Tom Green a grimace
2	Tom Green
1	a grimace
2	Myer 's energy
2	Myer 's
3	the silliness of it all eventually prevail
2	the silliness of it
3	the silliness
2	of it
2	all eventually prevail
3	eventually prevail
1	An absurdist spider web .
1	absurdist spider web .
1	spider web .
2	web .
3	If you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you 're at the right film .
3	If you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you
4	you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you
3	're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you
2	're as happy listening to movies
3	as happy listening to movies
3	happy listening to movies
2	listening to movies
2	to movies
3	as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you
3	you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you
2	you are watching them , and
2	you are watching them ,
2	you are watching them
2	are watching them
2	watching them
3	the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you
4	the slow parade of human frailty fascinates
1	the slow parade
2	slow parade
3	of human frailty fascinates
2	human frailty fascinates
3	frailty fascinates
3	, then you 're at the right film .
3	then you 're at the right film .
2	you 're at the right film .
3	're at the right film .
3	're at the right film
3	at the right film
3	the right film
3	right film
2	This version moves beyond the original 's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinema 's inability to stand in for true , lived experience .
2	This version
4	moves beyond the original 's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinema 's inability to stand in for true , lived experience .
2	moves beyond the original 's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinema 's inability to stand in for true , lived experience
3	moves beyond the original 's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear
3	beyond the original 's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear
3	the original 's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear
2	the original 's nostalgia
3	the original 's
2	original 's
2	for the communal film experiences of yesteryear
2	the communal film experiences of yesteryear
2	the communal film experiences
2	communal film experiences
2	film experiences
2	of yesteryear
2	to a deeper realization of cinema 's inability to stand in for true , lived experience
2	a deeper realization of cinema 's inability to stand in for true , lived experience
2	a deeper realization
3	deeper realization
2	of cinema 's inability to stand in for true , lived experience
1	cinema 's inability to stand in for true , lived experience
2	cinema 's
1	inability to stand in for true , lived experience
3	to stand in for true , lived experience
2	stand in for true , lived experience
2	stand in
2	for true , lived experience
3	true , lived experience
2	, lived experience
2	lived experience
2	Some movies blend together as they become distant memories .
2	Some movies
3	blend together as they become distant memories .
2	blend together as they become distant memories
2	blend together
2	as they become distant memories
2	they become distant memories
2	become distant memories
2	distant memories
3	Mention `` Solaris '' five years from now and I 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .
2	Mention `` Solaris '' five years from now and I 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share
1	Mention `` Solaris '' five years from now and
2	Mention `` Solaris '' five years from now
2	Mention `` Solaris ''
2	`` Solaris ''
2	Solaris ''
2	five years from now
2	five years
2	from now
2	I 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share
2	'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share
2	'm sure
2	those who saw it will have an opinion to share
2	who saw it will have an opinion to share
2	saw it will have an opinion to share
2	it will have an opinion to share
2	will have an opinion to share
2	have an opinion to share
2	an opinion to share
2	an opinion
2	to share
4	Allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .
4	's funniest and most likeable movie in years .
4	's funniest and most likeable movie in years
4	funniest and most likeable movie in years
4	funniest and most likeable movie
3	funniest and most likeable
3	funniest and
4	most likeable
2	in years
4	It 's a glorious spectacle like those D.W. Griffith made in the early days of silent film .
3	's a glorious spectacle like those D.W. Griffith made in the early days of silent film .
3	's a glorious spectacle like those D.W. Griffith made in the early days of silent film
3	a glorious spectacle like those D.W. Griffith made in the early days of silent film
4	a glorious spectacle
4	glorious spectacle
3	like those D.W. Griffith made in the early days of silent film
2	those D.W. Griffith made in the early days of silent film
2	those D.W. Griffith
2	D.W. Griffith
2	made in the early days of silent film
2	in the early days of silent film
2	the early days of silent film
2	the early days
2	early days
2	of silent film
2	silent film
4	This comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .
4	This comic gem
3	comic gem
3	is as delightful as it is derivative .
4	is as delightful as it is derivative
3	is as delightful
3	as delightful
2	as it is derivative
1	it is derivative
1	is derivative
4	More timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
3	More timely than its director could ever have dreamed
3	timely than its director could ever have dreamed
2	than its director could ever have dreamed
3	its director could ever have dreamed
2	its director
2	could ever have dreamed
2	could ever
2	have dreamed
3	, this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
3	this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
2	quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
3	lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
3	lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food
2	tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food
2	tale probes
3	the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food
3	the ambiguous welcome
2	ambiguous welcome
2	extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food
2	extended by Iran
2	by Iran
3	to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food
2	the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food
2	the Afghani refugees
2	Afghani refugees
2	who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food
2	streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food
2	streamed across its borders ,
3	streamed across its borders
2	across its borders
2	its borders
1	desperate for work and food
2	for work and food
2	work and food
2	work and
3	The leaping story line , shaped by director Peter Kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
3	The leaping story line , shaped by director Peter Kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions ,
4	The leaping story line , shaped by director Peter Kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions
2	The leaping story line ,
2	The leaping story line
2	leaping story line
2	story line
3	shaped by director Peter Kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions
2	shaped by director Peter Kosminsky
2	by director Peter Kosminsky
3	director Peter Kosminsky
2	Peter Kosminsky
2	into sharp slivers and cutting impressions
2	sharp slivers and cutting impressions
2	sharp slivers and
2	sharp slivers
3	cutting impressions
3	shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
3	shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits
2	shows all the signs of rich detail condensed
4	all the signs of rich detail condensed
2	all the signs
2	the signs
3	of rich detail condensed
3	rich detail condensed
2	detail condensed
3	into a few evocative images and striking character traits
2	a few evocative images and striking character traits
2	a few evocative images and
3	a few evocative images
2	few evocative images
2	evocative images
3	striking character traits
2	character traits
2	With three excellent principal singers , a youthful and good-looking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations , it 's enough to make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
3	With three excellent principal singers , a youthful and good-looking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations
4	three excellent principal singers , a youthful and good-looking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations
3	three excellent principal singers ,
3	three excellent principal singers
4	excellent principal singers
2	principal singers
4	a youthful and good-looking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations
3	a youthful and good-looking diva and
3	a youthful and good-looking diva
3	youthful and good-looking diva
3	youthful and good-looking
2	youthful and
3	tenor and richly handsome locations
2	tenor and
3	richly handsome locations
3	handsome locations
1	, it 's enough to make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
1	it 's enough to make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
1	's enough to make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
1	's enough to make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective
1	enough to make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective
1	to make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective
1	make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective
1	you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective
1	wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective
1	Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective
2	had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective
2	left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective
1	left well enough alone and just
2	left well enough alone and
2	left well enough alone
2	well enough alone
2	enough alone
2	filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective
2	filmed the opera
2	the opera
2	without all these distortions of perspective
2	all these distortions of perspective
1	all these distortions
2	these distortions
2	of perspective
4	The production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other .
3	The production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other
3	The production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so
3	The production has been made with an enormous amount of affection ,
3	The production has been made with an enormous amount of affection
2	The production
3	has been made with an enormous amount of affection
4	been made with an enormous amount of affection
3	made with an enormous amount of affection
4	with an enormous amount of affection
3	an enormous amount of affection
2	an enormous amount
2	enormous amount
2	of affection
2	we believe these characters love each other
2	believe these characters love each other
3	these characters love each other
2	these characters
2	love each other
2	each other
3	Certainly the performances are worthwhile .
4	the performances are worthwhile .
2	the performances
3	are worthwhile .
3	are worthwhile
3	Winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars .
4	Winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
3	up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
2	being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
2	being both revelatory and narcissistic ,
2	being both revelatory and narcissistic
2	both revelatory and narcissistic
1	revelatory and narcissistic
3	revelatory and
3	achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
3	achieving some honest insight into relationships
3	achieving some honest insight
3	some honest insight
3	honest insight
2	into relationships
2	that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
3	most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
2	most high-concept films
3	high-concept films
3	candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
3	with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
4	pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
2	pat storylines , precious circumstances and
3	pat storylines , precious circumstances
2	pat storylines ,
1	pat storylines
3	precious circumstances
3	beautiful stars
4	Watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .
2	Watching these eccentrics
2	these eccentrics
4	is both inspiring and pure joy .
3	is both inspiring and pure joy
3	both inspiring and pure joy
3	inspiring and pure joy
3	inspiring and pure
4	inspiring and
4	Steven Spielberg brings us another masterpiece
2	Steven Spielberg
4	brings us another masterpiece
2	brings us
4	another masterpiece
3	Finally , the French-produced `` Read My Lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .
3	, the French-produced `` Read My Lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .
3	the French-produced `` Read My Lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .
2	the French-produced `` Read My Lips ''
2	the French-produced `` Read My Lips
2	the French-produced ``
2	the French-produced
1	Read My Lips
2	My Lips
2	is a movie that understands characters must come first .
3	is a movie that understands characters must come first
3	a movie that understands characters must come first
2	a movie
2	that understands characters must come first
3	understands characters must come first
2	characters must come first
2	must come first
2	come first
4	Ms. Seigner and Mr. Serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
2	Ms. Seigner and Mr. Serrault
2	Seigner and Mr. Serrault
2	and Mr. Serrault
2	Mr. Serrault
3	bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
3	bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters
4	fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters
3	fresh , unforced naturalism
2	, unforced naturalism
3	unforced naturalism
2	to their characters
2	their characters
3	Allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .
4	shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .
2	shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today
4	he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today
3	can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today
3	outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today
2	any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today
2	of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today
1	those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today
2	those young whippersnappers
2	young whippersnappers
3	making moving pictures today
2	moving pictures today
2	moving pictures
3	A good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .
3	A good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera
4	A good film
4	good film
4	with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera
4	a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera
3	a solid pedigree
3	solid pedigree
2	both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera
2	in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera
2	in front of
2	front of
2	and , more specifically , behind the camera
2	, more specifically , behind the camera
2	, more specifically ,
2	more specifically ,
2	more specifically
2	behind the camera
2	the camera
1	By no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
1	By no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
1	no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
1	no means a slam-dunk and
1	no means a slam-dunk
2	no means
3	a slam-dunk
1	sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
0	sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans
0	sure to ultimately disappoint the action
1	to ultimately disappoint the action
0	ultimately disappoint the action
1	disappoint the action
2	the action
3	who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
3	will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
4	be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
3	moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
3	moved to the edge of their seats
3	to the edge of their seats
4	the edge of their seats
3	the edge
2	of their seats
3	their seats
3	by the dynamic first act
4	the dynamic first act
4	dynamic first act
2	first act
4	, it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
4	it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
4	still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
3	comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
3	comes off as a touching , transcendent love story
2	comes off
3	as a touching , transcendent love story
3	a touching , transcendent love story
4	touching , transcendent love story
2	, transcendent love story
3	transcendent love story
2	love story
4	I encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry !
4	I encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry
4	I encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale --
3	I encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
4	encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
4	young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
2	young and old
2	young and
3	alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
3	to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
3	go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
3	see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
3	this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
3	this unique and entertaining twist
3	unique and entertaining twist
3	unique and entertaining
3	unique and
2	on the classic whale 's tale
2	the classic whale 's tale
2	the classic whale 's
2	classic whale 's
2	whale 's
2	you wo n't be sorry
3	wo n't be sorry
2	wo n't
1	be sorry
3	A literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed .
3	A literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed
2	A literary detective story is still a detective story and
1	A literary detective story is still a detective story
2	A literary detective story
3	literary detective story
3	detective story
2	is still a detective story
2	is still
2	a detective story
3	detective story
4	aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed
2	aficionados of the whodunit
2	of the whodunit
2	the whodunit
3	wo n't be disappointed
2	wo n't
0	be disappointed
3	High Crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience .
2	High Crimes
2	steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience .
2	steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience
1	steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films
1	steals so freely from other movies and
1	steals so freely from other movies
2	steals so freely
3	so freely
2	from other movies
2	other movies
2	combines enough disparate types of films
2	enough disparate types of films
2	enough disparate types
2	disparate types
2	of films
3	that it ca n't help but engage an audience
4	it ca n't help but engage an audience
3	ca n't help but engage an audience
2	ca n't
3	help but engage an audience
3	help but engage
2	help but
2	an audience
4	If you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
2	If you 're a fan of the series
3	you 're a fan of the series
2	're a fan of the series
2	a fan of the series
3	a fan
2	of the series
2	the series
4	you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
4	'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
4	'll love it and probably want to see it twice
4	'll love it and
4	'll love it
4	love it
3	probably want to see it twice
4	want to see it twice
3	to see it twice
4	see it twice
3	see it
3	I will be .
2	will be .
2	will be
3	It celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what Hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . '
3	celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what Hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . '
3	celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what Hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light .
3	celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what Hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light
3	celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity ,
3	celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity
3	the group 's playful spark of nonconformity
3	the group 's playful spark
2	the group 's
2	group 's
3	playful spark
2	of nonconformity
2	glancing vividly back at what Hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light
3	glancing vividly back
3	vividly back
2	at what Hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light
3	what Hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light
2	Hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light
2	grandly called his ` angels of light
2	called his ` angels of light
3	his ` angels of light
2	his ` angels
2	` angels
2	of light
4	The story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .
2	The story
3	... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .
3	is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .
2	is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is
3	is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just
3	inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just
3	inspiring , ironic , and
4	inspiring , ironic ,
4	inspiring , ironic
4	inspiring ,
2	revelatory of just
2	of just
1	how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is
0	how ridiculous and money-oriented
0	ridiculous and money-oriented
1	ridiculous and
2	the record industry really is
2	the record industry
2	record industry
2	really is
3	It is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .
2	is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .
3	is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band
2	is also
3	a testament to the integrity and vision of the band
2	a testament
3	to the integrity and vision of the band
2	the integrity and vision of the band
3	the integrity and vision
2	integrity and vision
2	integrity and
3	of the band
2	the band
4	Laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , No Such Thing is a fascinating little tale .
4	Laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances
4	with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances
3	liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances
1	liberal doses
3	of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances
4	dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances
3	dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and
4	dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography ,
3	dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography
2	dark humor ,
2	dark humor
3	gorgeous exterior photography
2	exterior photography
4	a stable-full of solid performances
2	a stable-full
3	of solid performances
3	solid performances
3	, No Such Thing is a fascinating little tale .
2	No Such Thing is a fascinating little tale .
2	No Such Thing
2	Such Thing
3	is a fascinating little tale .
3	is a fascinating little tale
3	a fascinating little tale
3	fascinating little tale
2	little tale
3	Huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling Kathy Baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on Boston Public just as much as 8 Women 's Augustine .
3	Huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling Kathy Baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on Boston Public just as much as 8 Women 's Augustine
2	Huppert 's show to steal and
3	Huppert 's show to steal
2	Huppert 's
3	show to steal
2	to steal
2	she makes a meal of it , channeling Kathy Baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on Boston Public just as much as 8 Women 's Augustine
2	makes a meal of it , channeling Kathy Baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on Boston Public just as much as 8 Women 's Augustine
2	makes a meal of it ,
3	makes a meal of it
2	a meal of it
2	a meal
2	of it
1	channeling Kathy Baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on Boston Public just as much as 8 Women 's Augustine
2	channeling Kathy Baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on Boston Public just
2	Kathy Baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on Boston Public just
1	Kathy Baker 's creepy turn
2	Kathy Baker 's
2	Baker 's
1	creepy turn
2	as the repressed mother on Boston Public just
2	the repressed mother on Boston Public just
2	the repressed mother
2	repressed mother
2	on Boston Public just
2	Boston Public just
2	Boston Public
2	as much as 8 Women 's Augustine
2	as much as 8
2	much as 8
2	as 8
2	Women 's Augustine
2	Women 's
3	Nair does n't treat the issues lightly .
2	does n't treat the issues lightly .
2	does n't treat the issues lightly
1	does n't
2	treat the issues lightly
2	treat the issues
2	the issues
3	She allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .
3	allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .
3	allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly
2	allows each character
2	each character
2	to confront their problems openly and honestly
2	to confront their problems openly and
3	to confront their problems openly
2	confront their problems openly
2	confront their problems
2	their problems
4	One of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .
3	One of the best silly horror movies of recent memory
4	One of the best silly horror movies
3	of the best silly horror movies
4	the best silly horror movies
3	best silly horror movies
1	silly horror movies
2	horror movies
2	of recent memory
2	recent memory
3	, with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .
3	with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .
2	with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers
2	some real shocks in store for unwary viewers
2	some real shocks
2	real shocks
2	in store for unwary viewers
1	store for unwary viewers
2	for unwary viewers
1	unwary viewers
3	The work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .
4	The work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them
2	The work
4	of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them
2	a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them
2	a filmmaker
3	who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them
3	has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them
2	has secrets buried at the heart of his story and
2	has secrets buried at the heart of his story
2	has secrets
3	buried at the heart of his story
2	at the heart of his story
2	the heart of his story
2	the heart
2	of his story
2	his story
2	knows how to take time revealing them
2	how to take time revealing them
2	to take time revealing them
2	take time revealing them
2	take time
2	revealing them
3	Strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .
2	Strange occurrences
3	build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .
2	build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency
2	build in the mind of the viewer and
2	build in the mind of the viewer
2	in the mind of the viewer
2	the mind of the viewer
2	the mind
2	of the viewer
2	the viewer
2	take on extreme urgency
2	on extreme urgency
2	extreme urgency
3	Has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of B-movie excitement .
3	Has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of B-movie excitement
2	Has a certain ghoulish
2	a certain ghoulish
2	certain ghoulish
3	fascination , and generates a fair amount of B-movie excitement
3	fascination , and
3	fascination ,
2	generates a fair amount of B-movie excitement
3	a fair amount of B-movie excitement
2	a fair amount
3	fair amount
3	of B-movie excitement
2	B-movie excitement
3	Familiar but utterly delightful .
3	but utterly delightful .
4	utterly delightful .
4	delightful .
3	A fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .
4	A fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you
3	A fascinating , dark thriller
3	fascinating , dark thriller
2	, dark thriller
2	dark thriller
3	that keeps you
3	keeps you
3	hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .
3	hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction
3	on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction
3	the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction
3	the delicious pulpiness
3	delicious pulpiness
3	of its lurid fiction
2	its lurid fiction
2	lurid fiction
3	The film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once .
2	The film
4	aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once .
3	aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once
3	aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes
3	to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes
3	be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes
3	be funny , uplifting and moving ,
3	be funny , uplifting and moving
4	funny , uplifting and moving
4	, uplifting and moving
4	uplifting and moving
3	uplifting and
2	all at once
2	at once
3	The extent to which it succeeds is impressive .
3	The extent to which it succeeds
2	The extent
3	to which it succeeds
2	to which
3	it succeeds
4	is impressive .
3	is impressive
4	The film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .
2	The film
4	brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .
3	shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .
3	shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished
3	shines on all the characters ,
4	shines on all the characters
2	on all the characters
2	all the characters
2	the characters
4	as the direction is intelligently accomplished
3	the direction is intelligently accomplished
2	the direction
4	is intelligently accomplished
4	is intelligently
3	While not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .
1	While not for every taste
1	not for every taste
3	for every taste
2	every taste
2	, this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .
3	this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .
3	this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy
3	often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy
3	often very funny
4	very funny
2	collegiate gross-out comedy
2	gross-out comedy
3	goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .
3	goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy
2	goes a long way
2	a long way
2	long way
2	toward restoring the luster of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy
3	restoring the luster of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy
2	the luster of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy
2	the luster
1	of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy
1	the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy
3	the National Lampoon film franchise ,
3	the National Lampoon film franchise
2	National Lampoon film franchise
2	Lampoon film franchise
2	film franchise
1	too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy
1	too long
0	reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy
1	to direct-to-video irrelevancy
2	direct-to-video irrelevancy
3	As broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
2	As broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is
2	broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is
2	broad and cartoonish as the screenplay
2	broad and
2	cartoonish as the screenplay
2	as the screenplay
2	the screenplay
3	, there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
3	there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
3	is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
3	is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
3	an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
3	an accuracy
3	of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
3	observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
3	in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
3	the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
2	the work
3	of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
3	the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
2	the director , Frank Novak ,
2	the director , Frank Novak
2	the director ,
2	the director
2	Frank Novak
3	that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
3	keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
3	the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
2	the film
3	grounded in an undeniable social realism
2	in an undeniable social realism
2	an undeniable social realism
3	undeniable social realism
2	social realism
4	In addition to Hoffman 's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
3	In addition to Hoffman 's powerful acting clinic
3	addition to Hoffman 's powerful acting clinic
3	to Hoffman 's powerful acting clinic
3	Hoffman 's powerful acting clinic
2	Hoffman 's
3	powerful acting clinic
2	acting clinic
4	, this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
4	this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
3	is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
3	is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday
3	that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday
4	rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday
3	rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone
3	rare drama
3	that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone
4	offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone
3	offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse
3	a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse
3	thoughtful and rewarding glimpse
3	thoughtful and rewarding
3	thoughtful and
1	into the sort of heartache everyone
2	the sort of heartache everyone
2	the sort
2	of heartache everyone
1	heartache everyone
2	has felt , or will feel someday
2	has felt , or
2	has felt ,
2	has felt
2	will feel someday
2	feel someday
4	Jeffrey Tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is Oscar-worthy .
2	Jeffrey Tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator
2	Jeffrey Tambor 's performance
3	Jeffrey Tambor 's
2	Tambor 's
2	as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator
2	the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator
3	intelligent jazz-playing exterminator
2	jazz-playing exterminator
4	is Oscar-worthy .
4	is Oscar-worthy
3	From the opening strains of the Average White Band 's `` Pick up the Pieces '' , you can feel the love .
2	From the opening strains of the Average White Band 's `` Pick up the Pieces ''
2	the opening strains of the Average White Band 's `` Pick up the Pieces ''
2	the opening strains
2	opening strains
2	of the Average White Band 's `` Pick up the Pieces ''
2	the Average White Band 's `` Pick up the Pieces ''
1	the Average White Band 's `` Pick up the Pieces
2	the Average White Band 's ``
2	the Average White Band 's
2	Average White Band 's
2	White Band 's
2	Band 's
2	Pick up the Pieces
2	up the Pieces
2	the Pieces
3	, you can feel the love .
3	you can feel the love .
3	can feel the love .
3	can feel the love
3	feel the love
3	the love
3	Stevens ' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .
3	Stevens ' vibrant creative instincts
2	Stevens '
3	vibrant creative instincts
3	creative instincts
2	are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .
3	are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls
2	the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls
2	the difference between this and
2	the difference between this
2	the difference
2	between this
2	countless other flicks about guys and dolls
2	countless other flicks
2	other flicks
3	about guys and dolls
2	guys and dolls
2	guys and
3	that it 'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
2	it 'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
3	'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
2	'll probably
3	be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
4	the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
4	the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season
4	the best and most mature comedy
3	best and most mature comedy
4	best and most mature
4	best and
2	most mature
2	of the 2002 summer season
2	the 2002 summer season
2	2002 summer season
3	summer season
1	speaks more of the season than the picture
2	more of the season than the picture
2	of the season than the picture
2	the season than the picture
2	the season
2	than the picture
2	the picture
2	Old people will love this movie , and I mean that in the nicest possible way : Last Orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship .
4	Old people will love this movie , and I mean that in the nicest possible way : Last Orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship
3	Old people will love this movie , and I mean that in the nicest possible way :
3	Old people will love this movie , and I mean that in the nicest possible way
3	Old people will love this movie , and
3	Old people will love this movie ,
3	Old people will love this movie
2	Old people
4	will love this movie
3	love this movie
2	this movie
3	I mean that in the nicest possible way
2	mean that in the nicest possible way
3	that in the nicest possible way
3	in the nicest possible way
2	the nicest possible way
3	nicest possible way
2	possible way
3	Last Orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship
2	Last Orders
4	will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship
3	touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship
3	the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship
2	the heart
2	of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship
2	anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship
3	old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship
2	old enough
3	to have earned a 50-year friendship
3	have earned a 50-year friendship
2	earned a 50-year friendship
2	a 50-year friendship
3	50-year friendship
3	Meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .
3	Meyjes ' provocative film
2	Meyjes '
3	provocative film
2	might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .
2	might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil
2	be called an example of the haphazardness of evil
2	called an example of the haphazardness of evil
2	an example of the haphazardness of evil
2	an example
2	of the haphazardness of evil
1	the haphazardness of evil
2	the haphazardness
2	of evil
2	Tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to Liyan 's backyard .
2	emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to Liyan 's backyard .
3	emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to Liyan 's backyard
2	emphasizes the isolation of these characters
2	the isolation of these characters
2	the isolation
2	of these characters
2	these characters
2	by confining color to Liyan 's backyard
2	confining color to Liyan 's backyard
2	confining color
2	to Liyan 's backyard
2	Liyan 's backyard
2	Liyan 's
3	The movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .
2	The movie
3	is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .
3	is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects
3	is pretty funny
3	pretty funny
3	now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects
2	now and
2	then without in any way demeaning its subjects
3	without in any way demeaning its subjects
1	in any way demeaning its subjects
1	any way demeaning its subjects
2	any way
1	demeaning its subjects
2	its subjects
3	imagine a scenario where Bergman approaches Swedish fatalism using Gary Larson 's Far Side humor
2	imagine a scenario
2	a scenario
3	where Bergman approaches Swedish fatalism using Gary Larson 's Far Side humor
3	Bergman approaches Swedish fatalism using Gary Larson 's Far Side humor
3	approaches Swedish fatalism using Gary Larson 's Far Side humor
3	Swedish fatalism using Gary Larson 's Far Side humor
2	Swedish fatalism
2	using Gary Larson 's Far Side humor
3	Gary Larson 's Far Side humor
2	Gary Larson 's
2	Larson 's
2	Far Side humor
2	Side humor
3	Too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper -LRB- and better -RRB- than Pink Floyd tickets .
1	Too damn weird
1	damn weird
2	to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper -LRB- and better -RRB- than Pink Floyd tickets .
3	to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper -LRB- and better -RRB- than Pink Floyd tickets
2	to pass up , and
2	to pass up ,
2	to pass up
1	pass up
2	for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper -LRB- and better -RRB- than Pink Floyd tickets
3	for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper -LRB- and better -RRB-
3	the blacklight crowd , way cheaper -LRB- and better -RRB-
2	the blacklight crowd ,
2	the blacklight crowd
2	blacklight crowd
3	way cheaper -LRB- and better -RRB-
2	cheaper -LRB- and better -RRB-
3	-LRB- and better -RRB-
3	-LRB- and better
2	-LRB- and
2	than Pink Floyd tickets
3	Pink Floyd tickets
2	Floyd tickets
4	It is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .
4	is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .
4	is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth
3	is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy
3	most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy
4	most remarkable
4	not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy
2	not because of its epic scope
3	because of its epic scope
3	of its epic scope
3	its epic scope
3	epic scope
3	, but because of the startling intimacy
3	but because of the startling intimacy
2	because of the startling intimacy
3	of the startling intimacy
3	the startling intimacy
2	startling intimacy
2	it achieves despite that breadth
2	achieves despite that breadth
2	despite that breadth
2	that breadth
1	It 's not a great monster movie .
1	's not a great monster movie .
1	's not a great monster movie
2	's not
4	a great monster movie
4	great monster movie
2	monster movie
2	But if you 've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there 's guilty fun to be had here .
2	if you 've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there 's guilty fun to be had here .
2	if you 've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn
2	you 've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn
2	've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn
2	've paid a matinee price and
2	've paid a matinee price
2	paid a matinee price
3	a matinee price
3	matinee price
2	bought a big tub of popcorn
2	a big tub of popcorn
3	a big tub
2	big tub
2	of popcorn
3	, there 's guilty fun to be had here .
3	there 's guilty fun to be had here .
3	's guilty fun to be had here .
3	's guilty fun to be had here
3	guilty fun to be had here
3	fun to be had here
2	to be had here
2	be had here
2	had here
2	Chomp chomp !
2	chomp !
2	The Grey Zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies ... but the film suffers from its own difficulties .
2	The Grey Zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies ... but the film suffers from its own difficulties
2	The Grey Zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies ... but
3	The Grey Zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies ...
4	The Grey Zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies
2	The Grey Zone
1	Grey Zone
3	gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies
2	gives voice
3	to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies
3	a story that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies
2	a story
3	that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies
3	needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies
2	to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies
2	be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies
2	heard in the sea of Holocaust movies
2	in the sea of Holocaust movies
2	the sea of Holocaust movies
2	the sea
1	of Holocaust movies
2	Holocaust movies
1	the film suffers from its own difficulties
2	the film
1	suffers from its own difficulties
2	from its own difficulties
2	its own difficulties
2	own difficulties
4	Others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
2	, more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
3	more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
2	more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes
2	more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or
2	more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' ,
3	more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge '
2	attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge '
2	to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge '
1	the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge '
2	the anarchist maxim
1	anarchist maxim
2	that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge '
2	that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge
2	that `
2	the urge to destroy is also a creative urge
2	urge to destroy is also a creative urge
2	to destroy is also a creative urge
1	destroy is also a creative urge
3	is also a creative urge
2	is also
3	a creative urge
3	creative urge
2	more willing to see with their own eyes
2	willing to see with their own eyes
2	to see with their own eyes
2	see with their own eyes
2	with their own eyes
2	their own eyes
2	own eyes
3	, will find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
3	will find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
4	will find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating
4	find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating
3	find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology
2	Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology
2	Morrison 's iconoclastic uses
2	Morrison 's
3	iconoclastic uses
2	of technology
3	to be liberating
3	be liberating
3	Miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet .
4	tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet .
3	tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet
3	tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise ,
3	tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise
3	tells this very compelling tale
3	this very compelling tale
3	very compelling tale
3	very compelling
2	with little fuss or noise
1	little fuss or noise
1	fuss or noise
2	fuss or
3	expertly plucking tension from quiet
3	plucking tension from quiet
2	plucking tension
2	from quiet
3	Time Out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .
1	Time Out
4	is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .
2	is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term
3	existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term
2	existential drama
3	without any of the pretension associated with the term
2	any of the pretension associated with the term
2	of the pretension associated with the term
2	the pretension associated with the term
2	the pretension
2	associated with the term
2	with the term
2	the term
3	It 's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .
4	's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .
4	's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth
4	a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth
3	a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as
4	a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits
3	a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser
3	sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser
3	, laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser
4	laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser
4	crowd pleaser
3	that lifts your spirits
3	lifts your spirits
2	your spirits
2	as well as
2	well as
2	the corners of your mouth
2	the corners
2	of your mouth
2	your mouth
3	Writer\/director Alexander Payne -LRB- Election -RRB- and his co-writer Jim Taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look American angst in the eye and end up laughing .
2	Writer\/director Alexander Payne -LRB- Election -RRB- and his co-writer Jim Taylor
2	Writer\/director Alexander Payne -LRB- Election -RRB- and
2	Writer\/director Alexander Payne -LRB- Election -RRB-
2	Writer\/director Alexander Payne
2	Alexander Payne
2	-LRB- Election -RRB-
2	Election -RRB-
2	his co-writer Jim Taylor
2	co-writer Jim Taylor
2	Jim Taylor
4	brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look American angst in the eye and end up laughing .
3	brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look American angst in the eye and end up laughing
3	employ their quirky and fearless ability to look American angst in the eye and end up laughing
3	employ their quirky and fearless ability
3	their quirky and fearless ability
3	quirky and fearless ability
3	quirky and fearless
2	quirky and
3	to look American angst in the eye and end up laughing
3	look American angst in the eye and end up laughing
2	look American angst in the eye and
2	look American angst in the eye
2	look American angst
2	American angst
2	in the eye
2	the eye
3	end up laughing
2	end up
2	A movie that at its best does n't just make the most out of its characters ' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection .
2	A movie
3	that at its best does n't just make the most out of its characters ' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection .
3	that at its best
4	at its best
3	its best
2	does n't just make the most out of its characters ' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection .
1	does n't just make the most out of its characters ' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection
3	does n't just make the most out of its characters ' flaws but
3	does n't just make the most out of its characters ' flaws
2	does n't just
1	does n't
3	make the most out of its characters ' flaws
2	make the most out
2	make the most
2	the most
2	of its characters ' flaws
2	its characters ' flaws
2	its characters '
2	characters '
2	insists on the virtue of imperfection
2	on the virtue of imperfection
2	the virtue of imperfection
2	the virtue
1	of imperfection
4	It 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .
4	It 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie
2	It 's tough to watch , but
1	It 's tough to watch ,
0	It 's tough to watch
1	's tough to watch
1	tough to watch
2	to watch
4	it 's a fantastic movie
4	's a fantastic movie
4	a fantastic movie
4	fantastic movie
4	The best animated feature to hit theaters since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago .
4	The best animated
3	best animated
3	feature to hit theaters since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago .
3	feature to hit theaters since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago
3	to hit theaters since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago
2	hit theaters since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago
2	hit theaters
2	since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago
3	since Beauty and the Beast
2	Beauty and the Beast
3	Beauty and
2	the Beast
2	11 years ago
2	11 years
3	What saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is Corcuera 's attention to detail .
2	What saves this deeply affecting film from being merely
3	saves this deeply affecting film from being merely
3	saves this deeply affecting film
3	this deeply affecting film
3	deeply affecting film
2	deeply affecting
2	from being merely
2	being merely
3	a collection of wrenching cases is Corcuera 's attention to detail .
2	a collection of wrenching cases
2	a collection
2	of wrenching cases
2	wrenching cases
3	is Corcuera 's attention to detail .
2	is Corcuera 's attention to detail
3	Corcuera 's attention to detail
2	Corcuera 's attention
2	Corcuera 's
2	to detail
4	Pacino is the best he 's been in years and Keener is marvelous .
3	Pacino is the best he 's been in years and Keener is marvelous
4	Pacino is the best he 's been in years and
4	Pacino is the best he 's been in years
4	is the best he 's been in years
4	the best he 's been in years
4	the best
1	he 's been in years
2	's been in years
2	been in years
2	in years
4	Keener is marvelous
4	is marvelous
3	A solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .
4	A solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket
4	A solid , spooky entertainment
3	solid , spooky entertainment
3	solid , spooky
2	, spooky
4	worthy of the price of a ticket
2	of the price of a ticket
2	the price of a ticket
3	the price
2	of a ticket
2	a ticket
3	By turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .
3	turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .
4	turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic
3	fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic
3	fanciful ,
3	grisly and engagingly quixotic
2	grisly and
2	engagingly quixotic
4	... very funny , very enjoyable ...
4	very funny , very enjoyable ...
4	very funny
4	, very enjoyable ...
3	very enjoyable ...
3	enjoyable ...
3	Adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of Orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book .
3	Adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of Orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book
3	Adaptation is intricately constructed and
3	Adaptation is intricately constructed
2	is intricately constructed
3	intricately constructed
2	in a strange way nails all of Orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book
2	in a strange way
2	a strange way
2	strange way
3	nails all of Orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book
3	nails all of Orlean 's themes
2	all of Orlean 's themes
2	of Orlean 's themes
2	Orlean 's themes
2	Orlean 's
2	without being a true adaptation of her book
3	being a true adaptation of her book
3	a true adaptation of her book
3	a true adaptation
2	true adaptation
2	of her book
2	her book
3	So purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of Hollywood comedies such as Father of the Bride .
3	purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of Hollywood comedies such as Father of the Bride .
3	purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it
4	purely enjoyable
2	that you might not even notice it
2	you might not even notice it
2	might not even notice it
2	might not even
2	might not
2	notice it
2	's a fairly straightforward remake of Hollywood comedies such as Father of the Bride .
2	's a fairly straightforward remake of Hollywood comedies such as Father of the Bride
2	a fairly straightforward remake of Hollywood comedies such as Father of the Bride
2	a fairly straightforward remake
2	fairly straightforward remake
3	fairly straightforward
2	of Hollywood comedies such as Father of the Bride
3	Hollywood comedies such as Father of the Bride
2	Hollywood comedies
2	such as Father of the Bride
2	as Father of the Bride
2	Father of the Bride
2	of the Bride
2	the Bride
3	Moonlight Mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things .
2	Moonlight Mile
3	gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things .
2	gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things
2	gives itself
2	the freedom to feel contradictory things
3	freedom to feel contradictory things
2	to feel contradictory things
1	feel contradictory things
1	contradictory things
4	It is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .
3	is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .
3	is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter
3	is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and
2	is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief
2	is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters ,
1	is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters
2	is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and
2	is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical
2	is sentimental but feels free to offend ,
2	is sentimental but feels free to offend
2	is sentimental but
3	is sentimental
1	feels free to offend
2	free to offend
1	to offend
3	is analytical
2	then surrenders to the illogic of its characters
2	surrenders to the illogic of its characters
1	to the illogic of its characters
1	the illogic of its characters
2	the illogic
2	of its characters
2	its characters
1	is about grief
2	about grief
3	yet permits laughter
3	permits laughter
3	The real triumphs in Igby come from Philippe , who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and Sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron .
3	The real triumphs in Igby
3	The real triumphs
3	real triumphs
2	in Igby
3	come from Philippe , who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and Sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron .
2	come from Philippe , who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and Sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron
3	from Philippe , who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and Sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron
3	Philippe , who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and Sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron
3	Philippe , who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and
2	Philippe , who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest ,
3	Philippe , who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest
2	Philippe ,
3	who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest
3	makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest
3	makes Oliver far more interesting
2	Oliver far more interesting
3	far more interesting
3	more interesting
2	than the character 's lines would suggest
2	the character 's lines would suggest
2	the character 's lines
2	the character 's
2	character 's
2	would suggest
4	Sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron
2	Sarandon ,
3	who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron
3	could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron
1	could n't
2	be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron
2	be better
2	as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron
3	a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron
3	cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron
3	cruel but weirdly likable
2	cruel but
3	weirdly likable
2	WASP matron
3	Robin Williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of Bicentennial Man in favour of an altogether darker side .
2	Robin Williams
3	has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of Bicentennial Man in favour of an altogether darker side .
3	has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of Bicentennial Man in favour of an altogether darker side
2	has thankfully
3	ditched the saccharine sentimentality of Bicentennial Man in favour of an altogether darker side
3	ditched the saccharine sentimentality of Bicentennial Man
1	the saccharine sentimentality of Bicentennial Man
1	the saccharine sentimentality
1	saccharine sentimentality
2	of Bicentennial Man
2	Bicentennial Man
2	in favour of an altogether darker side
3	favour of an altogether darker side
2	of an altogether darker side
2	an altogether darker side
1	altogether darker side
2	altogether darker
3	If you 're willing to have fun with it , you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful .
3	If you 're willing to have fun with it
3	you 're willing to have fun with it
2	're willing to have fun with it
3	willing to have fun with it
3	to have fun with it
3	have fun with it
3	fun with it
3	with it
3	, you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful .
3	you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful .
3	wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful .
3	wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful
2	wo n't
1	feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful
1	feel cheated
2	by the high infidelity of Unfaithful
2	the high infidelity of Unfaithful
1	the high infidelity
2	high infidelity
1	of Unfaithful
3	Australia : Land Beyond Time is an enjoyable Big Movie primarily because Australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
3	: Land Beyond Time is an enjoyable Big Movie primarily because Australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
4	Land Beyond Time is an enjoyable Big Movie primarily because Australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
4	Land Beyond Time is an enjoyable Big Movie primarily because Australia is a weirdly beautiful place
3	Land Beyond Time
2	Beyond Time
3	is an enjoyable Big Movie primarily because Australia is a weirdly beautiful place
3	is an enjoyable Big Movie primarily
4	is an enjoyable Big Movie
3	an enjoyable Big Movie
4	enjoyable Big Movie
2	Big Movie
3	because Australia is a weirdly beautiful place
3	Australia is a weirdly beautiful place
3	is a weirdly beautiful place
3	a weirdly beautiful place
3	weirdly beautiful place
3	weirdly beautiful
3	Hoffman 's performance is authentic to the core of his being .
2	Hoffman 's performance
2	Hoffman 's
3	is authentic to the core of his being .
3	is authentic to the core of his being
4	authentic to the core of his being
2	to the core of his being
2	the core of his being
2	the core
2	of his being
2	his being
3	Told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .
2	Told just
2	proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .
3	proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings
2	enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings
2	to trounce its overly comfortable trappings
2	trounce its overly comfortable trappings
2	its overly comfortable trappings
2	overly comfortable trappings
2	overly comfortable
4	An enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty .
4	An enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
4	An enthralling aesthetic experience ,
3	An enthralling aesthetic experience
3	enthralling aesthetic experience
3	aesthetic experience
3	one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
4	that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
4	's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
3	steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
4	in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
3	mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
2	mystery and
4	a ravishing , baroque beauty
3	ravishing , baroque beauty
3	, baroque beauty
3	baroque beauty
4	The quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by Rachel Griffiths .
3	The quirky drama
3	quirky drama
4	touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by Rachel Griffiths .
4	touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by Rachel Griffiths
4	touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance
3	touches the heart and the funnybone thanks
2	the heart and the funnybone thanks
3	the heart and
2	the heart
3	the funnybone thanks
2	the funnybone
3	to the energetic and always surprising performance
4	the energetic and always surprising performance
4	energetic and always surprising performance
3	energetic and always surprising
3	energetic and
3	always surprising
2	by Rachel Griffiths
2	Rachel Griffiths
4	A captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age .
4	A captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless
3	A captivating coming-of-age story
3	captivating coming-of-age story
2	coming-of-age story
3	that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless
3	may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless
2	may also
2	be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless
2	be the first narrative film
2	the first narrative film
2	first narrative film
2	narrative film
2	to be truly informed by the wireless
2	be truly informed by the wireless
2	truly informed by the wireless
2	informed by the wireless
2	by the wireless
2	the wireless
2	age .
3	What could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey .
2	What could have been a daytime soap opera
1	could have been a daytime soap opera
2	have been a daytime soap opera
2	been a daytime soap opera
2	a daytime soap opera
2	daytime soap opera
1	soap opera
3	is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey .
2	is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey
3	is actually
3	a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey
3	a compelling look
3	compelling look
2	at a young woman 's tragic odyssey
2	a young woman 's tragic odyssey
2	a young woman 's
2	young woman 's
2	woman 's
2	tragic odyssey
4	Duvall is strong as always .
3	is strong as always .
3	is strong as always
3	strong as always
2	as always
4	A no-holds-barred cinematic treat .
3	A no-holds-barred cinematic
4	no-holds-barred cinematic
3	treat .
3	You 'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .
4	'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .
3	'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama
4	have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama
3	to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama
3	be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama
1	be a most hard-hearted person
1	a most hard-hearted person
2	most hard-hearted person
2	hard-hearted person
1	not to be moved by this drama
3	to be moved by this drama
3	be moved by this drama
3	moved by this drama
2	by this drama
2	this drama
3	Allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .
2	Allen 's underestimated charm
2	Allen 's
3	underestimated charm
3	delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .
3	delivers more goodies than lumps of coal
3	delivers more goodies
3	more goodies
2	than lumps of coal
1	lumps of coal
2	of coal
4	Measured against practically any like-themed film other than its Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor The Silence of the Lambs , Red Dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .
2	Measured against practically any like-themed film other than its Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor The Silence of the Lambs
3	Measured against practically any like-themed film other than its Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor
2	against practically any like-themed film other than its Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor
3	practically any like-themed film other than its Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor
2	practically any like-themed film
2	any like-themed film
3	like-themed film
3	other than its Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor
2	than its Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor
4	its Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor
3	Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor
2	franchise predecessor
2	The Silence of the Lambs
2	The Silence
2	of the Lambs
2	the Lambs
3	, Red Dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .
4	Red Dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .
2	Red Dragon
4	rates as an exceptional thriller .
4	rates as an exceptional thriller
3	as an exceptional thriller
4	an exceptional thriller
4	exceptional thriller
2	An exhilarating serving of movie fluff .
3	An exhilarating serving of movie fluff
3	An exhilarating
2	serving of movie fluff
1	of movie fluff
2	movie fluff
4	Maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .
3	Maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor
4	Maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different ,
4	Maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different
3	Maelstrom is strange and compelling ,
3	Maelstrom is strange and compelling
3	is strange and compelling
3	strange and compelling
2	strange and
3	engrossing and different
2	engrossing and
3	a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor
3	a moral tale
2	moral tale
3	with a twisted sense of humor
3	a twisted sense of humor
3	a twisted sense
1	twisted sense
2	of humor
3	It makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .
4	makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .
3	makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film
3	you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film
3	believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film
3	the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film
2	the cast and crew
2	cast and crew
2	cast and
4	thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film
3	thoroughly enjoyed themselves and
3	thoroughly enjoyed themselves
3	enjoyed themselves
3	believed in their small-budget film
2	in their small-budget film
2	their small-budget film
2	small-budget film
2	Dark and disturbing , yet compelling to watch .
2	Dark and disturbing , yet compelling to watch
2	Dark and
3	disturbing , yet compelling to watch
3	disturbing , yet compelling
3	, yet compelling
2	, yet
2	to watch
1	Too often , Son of the Bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''
2	Too often
1	, Son of the Bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''
1	Son of the Bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''
2	Son of the Bride
2	of the Bride
2	the Bride
1	becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''
2	becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if .
1	becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if
2	becomes an exercise
2	an exercise
2	in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if
2	trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if
2	to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if
2	predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if
2	when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if
2	a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if
2	a preordained `` big moment ''
2	preordained `` big moment ''
2	`` big moment ''
2	big moment ''
2	moment ''
2	will occur and not `` if
2	occur and not `` if
2	occur and not ``
2	occur and not
2	occur and
3	The picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came .
3	The picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came
3	The picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but
4	The picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life ,
4	The picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life
2	The picture
4	uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life
4	humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life
3	humor and a heartfelt conviction
3	humor and
3	a heartfelt conviction
3	heartfelt conviction
2	to tell a story about discovering your destination in life
2	tell a story about discovering your destination in life
2	tell a story
2	a story
3	about discovering your destination in life
3	discovering your destination in life
2	discovering your destination
2	your destination
2	in life
2	also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came
2	also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence
2	acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence
2	acknowledging the places , and the people ,
3	the places , and the people ,
2	the places , and the people
2	the places , and
2	the places ,
2	the places
2	the people
2	from whence
2	you came
2	A solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .
2	A solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy
3	A solid piece
4	solid piece
2	of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy
3	journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy
2	journalistic work
3	that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy
1	draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy
2	a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy
2	a picture
1	of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy
2	a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy
2	a man
2	for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy
1	whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy
2	political expedience became a deadly foreign policy
2	political expedience
1	became a deadly foreign policy
2	a deadly foreign policy
2	deadly foreign policy
2	foreign policy
3	A terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .
2	A terrific insider
3	terrific insider
3	look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .
2	look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown
2	at the star-making machinery of tinseltown
3	the star-making machinery of tinseltown
3	the star-making machinery
2	star-making machinery
2	of tinseltown
3	It 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .
3	's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .
3	's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience
3	a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience
2	a diverting enough hour-and-a-half
2	diverting enough hour-and-a-half
2	enough hour-and-a-half
2	for the family audience
2	the family audience
3	family audience
1	A party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .
3	A party-hearty teen
2	party-hearty teen
1	flick that scalds like acid .
0	flick that scalds like acid
0	that scalds like acid
1	scalds like acid
1	like acid
4	As giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .
3	As giddy and whimsical and relevant today
3	giddy and whimsical and relevant today
2	giddy and
3	whimsical and relevant today
2	and relevant today
3	relevant today
2	as it was 270 years ago .
2	as it
2	was 270 years ago .
2	was 270 years ago
2	270 years ago
2	270 years
4	The film offers an intriguing what-if premise .
2	The film
3	offers an intriguing what-if premise .
3	offers an intriguing what-if premise
3	an intriguing what-if premise
3	intriguing what-if premise
2	what-if premise
3	The Pianist is the film Roman Polanski may have been born to make .
2	The Pianist
3	is the film Roman Polanski may have been born to make .
3	is the film Roman Polanski may have been born to make
2	the film Roman Polanski may have been born to make
2	the film
4	Roman Polanski may have been born to make
2	Roman Polanski
3	may have been born to make
2	have been born to make
2	been born to make
3	born to make
2	to make
3	This version does justice both to Stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .
2	This version
3	does justice both to Stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .
4	does justice both to Stevenson and to the sci-fi genre
3	does justice
2	both to Stevenson and to the sci-fi genre
2	to Stevenson and to the sci-fi genre
2	to Stevenson and
2	to Stevenson
2	to the sci-fi genre
2	the sci-fi genre
2	sci-fi genre
3	Poignant and delicately complex .
4	Poignant and delicately
3	Poignant and
2	complex .
3	Enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .
4	Enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers
2	Enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but
2	Enough may pander to our basest desires for payback ,
2	Enough may pander to our basest desires for payback
3	may pander to our basest desires for payback
2	pander to our basest desires for payback
3	pander to our basest desires
3	to our basest desires
2	our basest desires
2	basest desires
2	for payback
4	unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers
2	unlike many revenge fantasies
2	many revenge fantasies
2	revenge fantasies
4	, it ultimately delivers
3	it ultimately delivers
3	ultimately delivers
3	Cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as I 'm the One That I Want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff .
3	Cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as I 'm the One That I Want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff
1	Cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as I 'm the One That I Want ... but
1	Cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as I 'm the One That I Want ...
1	Cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as I 'm the One That I Want
3	Cho 's latest comic set
2	Cho 's
2	latest comic set
3	comic set
2	is n't as sharp or as fresh as I 'm the One That I Want
1	is n't as sharp or as fresh
1	is n't
3	as sharp or as fresh
2	as sharp or
3	as sharp
3	as fresh
3	as I 'm the One That I Want
2	I 'm the One That I Want
2	'm the One That I Want
3	the One That I Want
2	One That I Want
2	That I Want
2	I Want
3	it 's still damn funny stuff
3	's still damn funny stuff
2	's still
4	damn funny stuff
3	damn funny
3	In The Pianist , Polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .
3	In The Pianist
2	The Pianist
2	, Polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .
3	Polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .
3	Polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way
2	Polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and
2	Polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions ,
3	Polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions
2	is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions
2	saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions
2	what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions
2	he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions
2	has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions
2	has long
2	wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions
2	wanted to say ,
2	wanted to say
2	to say
2	confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions
2	the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions
2	the roots
2	of his own preoccupations and obsessions
3	his own preoccupations and obsessions
2	own preoccupations and obsessions
2	preoccupations and obsessions
2	preoccupations and
3	he allows nothing to get in the way
2	allows nothing to get in the way
1	allows nothing
1	to get in the way
1	get in the way
2	in the way
2	the way
3	Despite the film 's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving .
2	Despite the film 's shortcomings
1	the film 's shortcomings
2	the film 's
2	film 's
3	, the stories are quietly moving .
4	the stories are quietly moving .
2	the stories
2	are quietly moving .
3	are quietly moving
2	are quietly
2	Those who love Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie improved .
3	Those who love Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie
3	who love Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie
2	love Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie
2	Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie
3	Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but
3	Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting ,
3	Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting
2	Cinema Paradiso
3	will find the new scenes interesting
3	find the new scenes interesting
3	the new scenes interesting
2	the new scenes
2	new scenes
1	few will find the movie
3	will find the movie
2	find the movie
2	the movie
3	improved .
3	If you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy .
2	If you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together
1	you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together
3	come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together
2	come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights
2	from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights
2	a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights
2	a family
2	that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights
3	eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights
2	eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and
3	eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes
2	eats , meddles , argues , laughs ,
2	eats , meddles , argues , laughs
2	eats , meddles , argues ,
2	eats , meddles , argues
2	eats , meddles ,
2	eats , meddles
2	eats ,
3	, then go see this delightful comedy .
3	then go see this delightful comedy .
4	go see this delightful comedy .
3	go see this delightful comedy
4	see this delightful comedy
3	this delightful comedy
4	delightful comedy
3	This bracingly truthful antidote to Hollywood teenage movies that slather Clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .
2	This bracingly truthful antidote to Hollywood teenage movies that slather Clearasil over the blemishes of youth
2	This bracingly truthful antidote
3	bracingly truthful antidote
3	bracingly truthful
2	to Hollywood teenage movies that slather Clearasil over the blemishes of youth
2	Hollywood teenage movies that slather Clearasil over the blemishes of youth
2	Hollywood teenage movies
2	teenage movies
1	that slather Clearasil over the blemishes of youth
1	slather Clearasil over the blemishes of youth
2	Clearasil over the blemishes of youth
2	over the blemishes of youth
2	the blemishes of youth
2	the blemishes
2	of youth
2	captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .
3	captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty
2	the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty
2	the combustible mixture
3	combustible mixture
1	of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty
2	a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty
1	a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity
2	chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity
2	inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity
1	loneliness and desperate grandiosity
2	and desperate grandiosity
2	desperate grandiosity
2	that tend to characterize puberty
2	tend to characterize puberty
2	to characterize puberty
2	characterize puberty
2	The reason to see `` Sade '' lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis -LRB- Auteil -RRB- and Emilie -LRB- Le Besco -RRB- .
2	The reason to see `` Sade ''
2	reason to see `` Sade ''
2	to see `` Sade ''
2	see `` Sade ''
2	`` Sade ''
2	Sade ''
2	lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis -LRB- Auteil -RRB- and Emilie -LRB- Le Besco -RRB- .
3	lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis -LRB- Auteil -RRB- and Emilie -LRB- Le Besco -RRB-
2	with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis -LRB- Auteil -RRB- and Emilie -LRB- Le Besco -RRB-
3	the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis -LRB- Auteil -RRB- and Emilie -LRB- Le Besco -RRB-
3	the chemistry and complex relationship
2	chemistry and complex relationship
2	and complex relationship
2	complex relationship
2	between the marquis -LRB- Auteil -RRB- and Emilie -LRB- Le Besco -RRB-
2	the marquis -LRB- Auteil -RRB- and Emilie -LRB- Le Besco -RRB-
2	the marquis -LRB- Auteil -RRB- and Emilie
2	the marquis -LRB- Auteil -RRB- and
2	the marquis -LRB- Auteil -RRB-
2	the marquis
2	-LRB- Auteil -RRB-
2	Auteil -RRB-
2	-LRB- Le Besco -RRB-
2	Le Besco -RRB-
2	Le Besco
3	It 's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
2	's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
3	's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
3	the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
2	the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension
2	the filmmakers '
2	filmmakers '
2	post-camp comprehension
3	of what made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
3	what made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
2	made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
3	old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
2	old-time B movies
1	B movies
3	good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
3	that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
3	makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
2	makes Eight Legged Freaks
2	Eight Legged Freaks
1	Legged Freaks
3	a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
4	perfectly entertaining summer diversion
3	perfectly entertaining
2	summer diversion
3	The film 's strength is n't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears .
2	The film 's strength is n't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears
2	The film 's strength is n't in its details , but
2	The film 's strength is n't in its details ,
2	The film 's strength is n't in its details
2	The film 's strength
2	The film 's
2	film 's
2	is n't in its details
1	is n't
2	in its details
2	its details
3	in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears
2	in the larger picture
2	the larger picture
2	larger picture
2	it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears
2	paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears
3	paints - of a culture in conflict with itself ,
1	paints - of a culture in conflict with itself
2	paints - of a culture in conflict
2	paints -
1	of a culture in conflict
2	a culture in conflict
2	a culture
2	in conflict
2	with itself
2	with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears
2	the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears
1	the thin veneer of nationalism
1	the thin veneer
2	thin veneer
2	of nationalism
1	that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears
2	covers our deepest , media-soaked fears
1	our deepest , media-soaked fears
2	our deepest ,
2	our deepest
2	media-soaked fears
2	... best seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the Warren Report .
2	best seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the Warren Report .
2	seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the Warren Report .
2	seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the Warren Report
4	seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel
2	seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse
2	as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse
2	speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse
2	speculative history , as much
2	speculative history , as
2	speculative history ,
2	speculative history
2	an exploration of the paranoid impulse
2	an exploration
2	of the paranoid impulse
2	the paranoid impulse
1	paranoid impulse
3	as a creative sequel
3	a creative sequel
3	creative sequel
2	to the Warren Report
2	the Warren Report
2	Warren Report
3	It has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and Mandy Moore leaves a positive impression .
3	It has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and Mandy Moore leaves a positive impression
1	It has its faults , but
0	It has its faults ,
1	It has its faults
1	has its faults
1	its faults
4	it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and Mandy Moore leaves a positive impression
3	it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and
4	it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie ,
3	it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie
4	is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie
3	a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie
3	a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart
3	kind , unapologetic , sweetheart
3	kind , unapologetic ,
3	kind , unapologetic
3	kind ,
2	of a movie
2	a movie
4	Mandy Moore leaves a positive impression
2	Mandy Moore
4	leaves a positive impression
4	a positive impression
3	positive impression
3	The Saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and The Quiet American brings us right into the center of that world .
3	The Saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and The Quiet American brings us right into the center of that world
2	The Saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and
2	The Saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence ,
2	The Saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence
2	The Saigon of 1952
2	The Saigon
2	of 1952
2	is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence
3	an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence
1	an uneasy mix
1	uneasy mix
3	of sensual delights and simmering violence
3	sensual delights and simmering violence
3	sensual delights and simmering
4	delights and simmering
3	delights and
2	The Quiet American brings us right into the center of that world
2	The Quiet American
2	Quiet American
3	brings us right into the center of that world
3	us right into the center of that world
3	right into the center of that world
2	into the center of that world
2	the center of that world
2	the center
2	of that world
2	that world
3	Despite its shortcomings , Girls Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre .
2	Despite its shortcomings
1	its shortcomings
4	, Girls Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre .
4	Girls Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre .
3	Girls Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre
3	Girls Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and
4	Girls Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch ,
3	Girls Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch
3	Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch
2	Ca n't
4	Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch
3	represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch
4	represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director
3	represents an engaging and intimate first feature
3	an engaging and intimate first feature
4	engaging and intimate first feature
4	engaging and intimate
3	engaging and
2	first feature
3	by a talented director
4	a talented director
4	talented director
2	to watch
4	it 's a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre
4	's a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre
4	a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre
3	a worthy entry
4	worthy entry
2	in the French coming-of-age genre
2	the French coming-of-age genre
2	French coming-of-age genre
2	coming-of-age genre
2	Flawed , but worth seeing for Ambrose 's performance .
3	, but worth seeing for Ambrose 's performance .
2	, but
3	worth seeing for Ambrose 's performance .
3	worth seeing for Ambrose 's performance
2	seeing for Ambrose 's performance
2	for Ambrose 's performance
2	Ambrose 's performance
2	Ambrose 's
4	With Dirty Deeds , David Caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
2	With Dirty Deeds
2	Dirty Deeds
3	, David Caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
4	David Caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
2	David Caesar
3	has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
4	has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen
4	has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works
4	has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control --
3	has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control
3	has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and
3	has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim
4	stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim
4	into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim
3	the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim
2	the mainstream
3	of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim
4	filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim
4	with an assurance worthy of international acclaim
3	an assurance worthy of international acclaim
3	an assurance worthy
3	assurance worthy
3	of international acclaim
3	international acclaim
4	with every cinematic tool well under his control
3	with every cinematic tool
2	every cinematic tool
2	cinematic tool
2	well under his control
3	under his control
1	his control
3	driven by a natural sense for what works
3	by a natural sense for what works
4	a natural sense for what works
2	a natural sense
2	natural sense
2	for what works
2	what works
2	on screen
3	The humor and humanity of Monsoon Wedding are in perfect balance .
3	The humor and humanity of Monsoon Wedding
3	The humor and humanity
4	humor and humanity
3	humor and
2	of Monsoon Wedding
3	Monsoon Wedding
4	are in perfect balance .
4	are in perfect balance
3	in perfect balance
3	perfect balance
1	Lookin ' for sin , American-style ?
2	Lookin ' for sin ,
2	Lookin ' for sin
2	Lookin '
2	for sin
2	American-style ?
2	Try Hell House , which documents the cautionary Christian spook-a-rama of the same name .
2	Try Hell House , which documents the cautionary Christian spook-a-rama of the same name
2	Hell House , which documents the cautionary Christian spook-a-rama of the same name
1	Hell House ,
1	Hell House
2	which documents the cautionary Christian spook-a-rama of the same name
2	documents the cautionary Christian spook-a-rama of the same name
2	the cautionary Christian spook-a-rama of the same name
2	the cautionary Christian spook-a-rama
1	cautionary Christian spook-a-rama
2	Christian spook-a-rama
2	of the same name
2	the same name
2	same name
4	A compelling motion picture that illustrates an American tragedy .
3	A compelling motion
4	compelling motion
2	picture that illustrates an American tragedy .
3	picture that illustrates an American tragedy
2	that illustrates an American tragedy
2	illustrates an American tragedy
1	an American tragedy
2	American tragedy
3	As comedic spotlights go , Notorious C.H.O. hits all the verbal marks it should .
2	As comedic spotlights go
2	comedic spotlights go
2	comedic spotlights
3	, Notorious C.H.O. hits all the verbal marks it should .
4	Notorious C.H.O. hits all the verbal marks it should .
2	Notorious C.H.O.
3	hits all the verbal marks it should .
4	hits all the verbal marks it should
3	all the verbal marks it should
2	all the verbal marks
2	the verbal marks
2	verbal marks
2	it should
3	It 's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .
3	's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .
3	's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn
3	a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn
2	a day at the beach --
3	a day at the beach
2	a day
2	at the beach
3	the beach
2	with air conditioning and popcorn
3	air conditioning and popcorn
2	conditioning and popcorn
2	conditioning and
1	Frida is n't that much different from many a Hollywood romance .
2	is n't that much different from many a Hollywood romance .
1	is n't that much different from many a Hollywood romance
1	is n't
2	that much different from many a Hollywood romance
2	that much different
2	much different
2	from many a Hollywood romance
3	many a Hollywood romance
2	a Hollywood romance
3	Hollywood romance
3	What sets it apart is the vision that Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings .
2	What sets
2	it apart is the vision that Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings .
3	apart is the vision that Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings .
2	is the vision that Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings .
2	is the vision that Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings
2	is the vision
2	the vision
2	that Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings
3	Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings
2	Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus ,
2	Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus
2	Taymor ,
3	the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus
2	the avant garde director
2	avant garde director
2	garde director
2	of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus
2	Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus
2	Broadway 's
2	The Lion King and the film Titus
2	The Lion King and
3	The Lion King
2	Lion King
2	the film Titus
2	film Titus
4	Stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid .
4	Stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid
3	Stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and
3	Stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise ,
3	Stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy
3	has a flair for dialogue comedy
3	a flair for dialogue comedy
2	a flair
2	for dialogue comedy
2	dialogue comedy
3	, the film operates nicely off the element of surprise ,
3	the film operates nicely off the element of surprise ,
4	the film operates nicely off the element of surprise
2	the film
2	operates nicely off the element of surprise
3	operates nicely
3	off the element of surprise
2	the element of surprise
2	the element
2	of surprise
4	the large cast is solid
2	the large cast
3	large cast
3	is solid
4	Extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
3	Extremely well acted by the four primary actors
4	well acted by the four primary actors
2	acted by the four primary actors
2	by the four primary actors
3	the four primary actors
2	four primary actors
2	primary actors
4	, this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
4	this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
4	is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
3	is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten
3	a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten
3	a seriously intended movie
3	seriously intended movie
3	seriously intended
2	that is not easily forgotten
3	is not easily forgotten
1	is not
1	easily forgotten
3	The film exudes the urbane sweetness that Woody Allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .
2	The film
3	exudes the urbane sweetness that Woody Allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .
3	exudes the urbane sweetness that Woody Allen seems to have bitterly forsaken
3	exudes the urbane sweetness
3	the urbane sweetness
3	urbane sweetness
2	that Woody Allen seems to have bitterly forsaken
1	Woody Allen seems to have bitterly forsaken
2	Woody Allen
2	seems to have bitterly forsaken
1	to have bitterly forsaken
1	have bitterly forsaken
2	bitterly forsaken
3	K-19 : The Widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .
3	: The Widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .
3	The Widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .
2	The Widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining
2	The Widowmaker
2	is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining
3	derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining
0	derivative , overlong , and bombastic --
1	derivative , overlong , and bombastic
0	, overlong , and bombastic
0	overlong , and bombastic
2	, and bombastic
3	, and
3	yet surprisingly entertaining
4	surprisingly entertaining
3	It 's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart .
3	's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart .
4	's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart
4	good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart
3	good , hard-edged stuff
2	, hard-edged stuff
3	hard-edged stuff
3	, violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart
3	violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart
1	violent and
3	a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart
3	a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and
3	a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert
4	a bit exploitative but also nicely done ,
3	a bit exploitative but also nicely done
1	a bit exploitative
2	a bit
3	but also nicely done
3	also nicely done
3	nicely done
3	morally alert
3	Cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of Miramax chief Harvey Weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of Denmark 's Dogma movement .
2	will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of Miramax chief Harvey Weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of Denmark 's Dogma movement .
3	will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of Miramax chief Harvey Weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of Denmark 's Dogma movement
3	revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of Miramax chief Harvey Weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of Denmark 's Dogma movement
3	revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of Miramax chief Harvey Weinstein 's bluff personal style
2	in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of Miramax chief Harvey Weinstein 's bluff personal style
2	those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of Miramax chief Harvey Weinstein 's bluff personal style
3	those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of Miramax chief
2	those visual in-jokes ,
3	those visual in-jokes
2	visual in-jokes
2	as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of Miramax chief
2	in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of Miramax chief
3	in the film 's verbal pokes
2	the film 's verbal pokes
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	verbal pokes
2	at everything from the likes of Miramax chief
2	everything from the likes of Miramax chief
2	from the likes of Miramax chief
2	the likes of Miramax chief
3	the likes
2	of Miramax chief
2	Miramax chief
3	Harvey Weinstein 's bluff personal style
2	Harvey Weinstein 's
2	Weinstein 's
2	bluff personal style
2	personal style
2	to the stylistic rigors of Denmark 's Dogma movement
2	the stylistic rigors of Denmark 's Dogma movement
3	the stylistic rigors
2	stylistic rigors
2	of Denmark 's Dogma movement
2	Denmark 's Dogma movement
2	Denmark 's
2	Dogma movement
3	It 's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .
3	's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .
3	's a rare window on an artistic collaboration
3	a rare window on an artistic collaboration
2	a rare window
1	rare window
2	on an artistic collaboration
2	an artistic collaboration
2	artistic collaboration
1	... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .
1	begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .
1	begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot
1	begins with promise , but runs
2	begins with promise , but
3	begins with promise ,
2	begins with promise
3	with promise
1	aground after being snared in its own tangled plot
1	after being snared in its own tangled plot
1	being snared in its own tangled plot
1	snared in its own tangled plot
2	in its own tangled plot
2	its own tangled plot
2	own tangled plot
2	tangled plot
4	Perhaps the best sports movie I 've ever seen .
4	the best sports movie I 've ever seen .
4	the best sports movie I 've ever seen
4	the best sports movie
4	best sports movie
2	sports movie
2	I 've ever seen
2	've ever seen
2	've ever
4	Cho 's timing is priceless .
2	Cho 's timing
2	Cho 's
4	is priceless .
3	is priceless
2	... creates a visceral sense of its characters ' lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above ... what could have been a melodramatic , Lifetime Channel-style anthology .
3	creates a visceral sense of its characters ' lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above ... what could have been a melodramatic , Lifetime Channel-style anthology .
3	creates a visceral sense of its characters ' lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above ... what could have been a melodramatic , Lifetime Channel-style anthology
3	a visceral sense of its characters ' lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above ... what could have been a melodramatic , Lifetime Channel-style anthology
2	a visceral sense of its characters ' lives and
3	a visceral sense of its characters ' lives
2	a visceral sense
3	visceral sense
3	of its characters ' lives
2	its characters ' lives
2	its characters '
2	characters '
2	conflicted emotions that carries it far above ... what could have been a melodramatic , Lifetime Channel-style anthology
3	conflicted emotions that carries it far above ...
3	conflicted emotions that carries it far above
2	conflicted emotions
3	that carries it far above
4	carries it far above
3	it far above
2	far above
2	what could have been a melodramatic , Lifetime Channel-style anthology
2	could have been a melodramatic , Lifetime Channel-style anthology
1	have been a melodramatic , Lifetime Channel-style anthology
2	been a melodramatic , Lifetime Channel-style anthology
2	a melodramatic , Lifetime Channel-style anthology
1	melodramatic , Lifetime Channel-style anthology
2	, Lifetime Channel-style anthology
3	Lifetime Channel-style anthology
2	Channel-style anthology
4	A sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work .
3	A sensitive , moving ,
3	A sensitive , moving
2	A sensitive ,
2	A sensitive
3	brilliantly constructed work .
4	brilliantly constructed work
2	constructed work
3	An edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch .
3	An edgy thriller that delivers a surprising
4	An edgy thriller
3	edgy thriller
3	that delivers a surprising
3	delivers a surprising
2	a surprising
2	punch .
3	A reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility .
3	A reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family
3	A reasonably entertaining sequel
3	reasonably entertaining sequel
3	reasonably entertaining
2	to 1994 's surprise family
2	1994 's surprise family
2	1994 's
3	surprise family
1	hit that may strain adult credibility .
1	hit that may strain adult credibility
2	that may strain adult credibility
1	may strain adult credibility
2	strain adult credibility
2	adult credibility
3	-LRB- Reno -RRB- delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .
2	-LRB- Reno -RRB-
2	Reno -RRB-
4	delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .
3	delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion
3	a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion
2	a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and
2	a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror
2	a monologue
2	that manages to incorporate both the horror
3	manages to incorporate both the horror
2	to incorporate both the horror
2	incorporate both the horror
2	both the horror
1	the horror
3	the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion
1	the absurdity
3	of the situation in a well-balanced fashion
3	the situation in a well-balanced fashion
2	the situation
3	in a well-balanced fashion
4	a well-balanced fashion
3	well-balanced fashion
3	there is truth here
2	is truth here
3	is truth
4	a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 's first great film
4	a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece
4	confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece
3	confident , richly
2	, richly
3	acted , emotionally devastating piece
3	, emotionally devastating piece
2	emotionally devastating piece
1	emotionally devastating
3	of work and 2002 's first great film
4	work and 2002 's first great film
2	work and
4	2002 's first great film
2	2002 's
4	first great film
4	great film
3	A touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community .
4	A touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community
3	A touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care
3	A touching , small-scale story
3	touching , small-scale story
2	, small-scale story
2	small-scale story
2	of family responsibility and care
3	family responsibility and care
2	responsibility and care
2	responsibility and
2	in the community
3	the community
4	Arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
4	directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
4	one of the best ensemble casts of the year
4	of the best ensemble casts of the year
4	the best ensemble casts of the year
4	the best ensemble casts
3	best ensemble casts
2	ensemble casts
2	of the year
2	the year
3	The casting of von Sydow ... is itself Intacto 's luckiest stroke .
2	The casting of von Sydow ... is itself Intacto 's luckiest stroke
2	The casting
3	of von Sydow ... is itself Intacto 's luckiest stroke
3	von Sydow ... is itself Intacto 's luckiest stroke
3	von Sydow ...
2	von Sydow
3	is itself Intacto 's luckiest stroke
2	is itself
3	Intacto 's luckiest stroke
2	Intacto 's
3	luckiest stroke
3	No , it 's not as single-minded as John Carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels .
3	No , it 's not as single-minded as John Carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels
2	No , it 's not as single-minded as John Carpenter 's original , but
2	No , it 's not as single-minded as John Carpenter 's original ,
2	No , it 's not as single-minded as John Carpenter 's original
2	, it 's not as single-minded as John Carpenter 's original
2	it 's not as single-minded as John Carpenter 's original
1	's not as single-minded as John Carpenter 's original
2	's not
1	as single-minded as John Carpenter 's original
1	single-minded as John Carpenter 's original
2	as John Carpenter 's original
4	John Carpenter 's original
2	John Carpenter 's
2	Carpenter 's
2	it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels
3	's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels
2	's sure
3	a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels
2	a lot
4	smarter and more unnerving than the sequels
2	smarter and more
2	smarter and
2	unnerving than the sequels
2	than the sequels
2	the sequels
4	A gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable .
4	A gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable
3	A gem
4	of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable
3	a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable
3	a romantic crime comedy
3	romantic crime comedy
2	crime comedy
4	that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable
3	turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable
2	turns out
4	to be clever , amusing and unpredictable
3	be clever , amusing and unpredictable
3	clever , amusing and unpredictable
3	, amusing and unpredictable
4	amusing and unpredictable
4	amusing and
4	Stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
3	Stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences
3	as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences
4	one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences
4	of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences
4	the year 's most intriguing movie experiences
2	the year 's
2	year 's
4	most intriguing movie experiences
3	intriguing movie experiences
2	movie experiences
3	, letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
3	letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
2	letting its imagery
2	its imagery
4	speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
3	speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be
2	speak for it
2	for it
3	while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be
4	it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be
3	forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be
2	you to ponder anew what a movie can be
2	to ponder anew what a movie can be
2	ponder anew what a movie can be
2	ponder anew
2	what a movie can be
2	a movie can be
2	a movie
2	can be
4	... the first 2\/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...
4	the first 2\/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...
2	the first 2\/3 of the film
2	the first 2\/3
2	first 2\/3
2	of the film
2	the film
4	are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...
4	are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor
4	are incredibly captivating and insanely funny ,
4	are incredibly captivating and insanely funny
4	incredibly captivating and insanely funny
4	incredibly captivating and
4	incredibly captivating
4	insanely funny
4	thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor
4	in part to interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor
2	in part
4	to interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor
4	interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor
4	interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast , and
4	interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast ,
4	interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast
3	interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- ,
3	interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB-
3	interesting cinematic devices
2	cinematic devices
3	-LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB-
3	cool visual backmasking -RRB-
3	cool visual backmasking
2	visual backmasking
4	a solid cast
3	solid cast
3	some wickedly sick and twisted humor
3	wickedly sick and twisted humor
2	wickedly sick and twisted
1	sick and twisted
1	sick and
3	This movie got me grinning .
2	This movie
3	got me grinning .
3	got me grinning
3	me grinning
3	There 's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
3	's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
3	's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something
3	a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something
2	a part of us
2	a part
2	of us
3	that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something
3	can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something
2	can not
3	help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something
3	be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something
2	entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something
3	entertained by the sight of someone
2	by the sight of someone
2	the sight of someone
2	the sight
2	of someone
2	getting away with something
2	getting away
2	with something
3	An old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher 's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .
3	An old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher
3	An old-fashioned drama
2	old-fashioned drama
3	of substance about a teacher
2	substance about a teacher
2	about a teacher
2	a teacher
2	's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .
1	's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue
2	slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue
1	slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but
2	slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing
1	slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty
2	slide down
1	the slippery slope of dishonesty
1	the slippery slope
1	slippery slope
1	of dishonesty
2	after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing
2	an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing
2	an encounter with the rich and
2	an encounter with the rich
2	an encounter
2	with the rich
2	the rich
2	the powerful who have nothing
3	the powerful
2	who have nothing
2	have nothing
2	disdain for virtue
2	for virtue
3	What 's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ?
3	's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ?
3	's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting '
3	not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting '
2	to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting '
2	like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting '
2	about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting '
1	a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting '
2	a movie with a ` children 's ' song
2	a movie
2	with a ` children 's ' song
2	a ` children 's ' song
2	` children 's ' song
3	children 's ' song
2	children 's
2	' song
2	that includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting '
3	includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting '
2	includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting
2	includes the line `
2	includes the line
2	the line
2	My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting
2	My stepdad 's not mean ,
2	My stepdad 's not mean
2	My stepdad
2	's not mean
2	's not
1	he 's just adjusting
2	's just adjusting
2	's just
2	This English-language version ... does full honor to Miyazaki 's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters .
2	This English-language version
2	English-language version
4	... does full honor to Miyazaki 's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters .
3	does full honor to Miyazaki 's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters .
3	does full honor to Miyazaki 's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters
3	does full honor
2	full honor
2	to Miyazaki 's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters
2	to Miyazaki 's teeming and often unsettling landscape
2	Miyazaki 's teeming and often unsettling landscape
2	Miyazaki 's teeming and
2	Miyazaki 's teeming
2	Miyazaki 's
2	often unsettling landscape
1	often unsettling
3	, and to the conflicted complexity of his characters
3	, and
2	to the conflicted complexity of his characters
3	the conflicted complexity of his characters
1	the conflicted complexity
2	conflicted complexity
2	of his characters
2	his characters
3	The pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies .
3	The pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers
2	The pleasures that it does afford
2	The pleasures
3	that it does afford
2	it does afford
2	does afford
2	may be enough to keep many moviegoers
2	be enough to keep many moviegoers
2	enough to keep many moviegoers
2	to keep many moviegoers
2	keep many moviegoers
3	many moviegoers
2	occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies .
2	occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies
2	occupied amidst
2	some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies
3	of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies
3	the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies
3	the more serious-minded concerns
2	more serious-minded concerns
2	more serious-minded
2	of other year-end movies
2	other year-end movies
2	year-end movies
3	Not everyone will welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one .
2	Not everyone will welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one
1	Not everyone will welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger as faithful portraiture , but
1	Not everyone will welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger as faithful portraiture ,
2	Not everyone will welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger as faithful portraiture
2	Not everyone
3	will welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger as faithful portraiture
3	welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger as faithful portraiture
2	welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger
2	welcome or accept
2	welcome or
2	The Trials of Henry Kissinger
2	The Trials
2	of Henry Kissinger
2	Henry Kissinger
4	as faithful portraiture
3	faithful portraiture
2	few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one
3	can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one
2	argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one
3	that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one
3	the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one
2	the debate it joins
2	the debate
2	it joins
2	is a necessary and timely one
3	a necessary and timely one
3	necessary and timely one
3	necessary and timely
2	necessary and
3	There are no special effects , and no Hollywood endings .
1	are no special effects , and no Hollywood endings .
2	are no special effects , and no Hollywood endings
1	no special effects , and no Hollywood endings
1	no special effects , and
2	no special effects ,
2	no special effects
2	special effects
2	no Hollywood endings
2	Hollywood endings
3	Like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by Allen 's astringent wit .
3	Like the original
3	the original
3	, this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by Allen 's astringent wit .
3	this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by Allen 's astringent wit .
2	this version
3	is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by Allen 's astringent wit .
3	is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by Allen 's astringent wit
3	raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by Allen 's astringent wit
2	raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum
2	a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum
2	a few notches
2	few notches
2	above kiddie fantasy pablum
0	kiddie fantasy pablum
1	fantasy pablum
2	by Allen 's astringent wit
2	Allen 's astringent wit
2	Allen 's
3	astringent wit
1	Despite its Hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of `` Lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script .
2	Despite its Hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick
3	its Hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick
3	its Hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and
2	its Hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings
2	its Hawaiian setting ,
2	its Hawaiian setting
3	Hawaiian setting
2	the science-fiction trimmings
2	science-fiction trimmings
2	some moments of rowdy slapstick
2	some moments
2	of rowdy slapstick
3	rowdy slapstick
3	, the basic plot of `` Lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script .
1	the basic plot of `` Lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script .
2	the basic plot of `` Lilo ''
2	the basic plot
2	basic plot
2	of `` Lilo ''
2	`` Lilo ''
2	Lilo ''
2	could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script .
2	could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script
2	have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script
2	been pulled from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script
3	pulled from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script
2	from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script
3	a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script
2	tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script
2	vintage Shirley Temple script
2	Shirley Temple script
2	Temple script
2	A brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others .
3	A brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others
3	A brutally honest documentary
3	brutally honest documentary
3	brutally honest
2	about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others
2	about a much anticipated family reunion
2	about a much
2	a much
2	anticipated family reunion
2	family reunion
1	that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others
2	goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others
1	goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal
1	goes wrong thanks
1	wrong thanks
2	to culture shock and a refusal
1	culture shock and a refusal
2	culture shock and
2	culture shock
1	a refusal
3	to empathize with others
3	empathize with others
2	with others
4	Filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , Baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .
4	Filled with honest performances and exceptional detail
3	with honest performances and exceptional detail
3	honest performances and exceptional detail
3	honest performances and
4	honest performances
4	exceptional detail
2	, Baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .
3	Baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .
4	is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .
3	is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity
4	a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity
3	a gentle film
3	gentle film
4	with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity
2	dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity
2	dramatic punch ,
3	dramatic punch
3	a haunting ode to humanity
2	a haunting ode
2	haunting ode
2	to humanity
2	Sparkles in its deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood .
4	Sparkles in its deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth ,
3	Sparkles in its deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth
3	Sparkles in its deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans of gossip ,
3	Sparkles in its deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans of gossip
3	Sparkles in its deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans
2	in its deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans
3	its deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans
1	its deft portrait
3	deft portrait
2	of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans
2	Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans
2	Tinseltown 's
2	seasoned veterans
2	of gossip
2	paranoia , and celebrityhood .
2	paranoia , and celebrityhood
1	paranoia , and
2	paranoia ,
3	In its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as Jiri Menzel 's Closely Watched Trains and Danis Tanovic 's No Man 's Land .
2	In its dry and forceful way
2	its dry and forceful way
2	dry and forceful way
2	dry and forceful
1	dry and
3	, it delivers the same message as Jiri Menzel 's Closely Watched Trains and Danis Tanovic 's No Man 's Land .
2	it delivers the same message as Jiri Menzel 's Closely Watched Trains and Danis Tanovic 's No Man 's Land .
2	delivers the same message as Jiri Menzel 's Closely Watched Trains and Danis Tanovic 's No Man 's Land .
2	delivers the same message as Jiri Menzel 's Closely Watched Trains and Danis Tanovic 's No Man 's Land
2	delivers the same message
2	the same message
2	same message
2	as Jiri Menzel 's Closely Watched Trains and Danis Tanovic 's No Man 's Land
2	Jiri Menzel 's Closely Watched Trains and Danis Tanovic 's No Man 's Land
2	Jiri Menzel 's Closely Watched Trains and
2	Jiri Menzel 's Closely Watched Trains
2	Jiri Menzel 's
2	Menzel 's
2	Closely Watched Trains
2	Closely Watched
2	Danis Tanovic 's No Man 's Land
2	Danis Tanovic 's
2	Tanovic 's
2	No Man 's Land
2	No Man 's
2	Man 's
4	... a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .
4	a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .
4	a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking
4	a triumph
3	of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking
4	emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking
3	emotionally and narratively complex
2	emotionally and
3	narratively complex
2	-LRB- Haynes ' -RRB- homage to such films as `` All That Heaven Allows '' and `` Imitation of Life '' transcends them .
3	-LRB- Haynes ' -RRB- homage to such films as `` All That Heaven Allows '' and `` Imitation of Life ''
3	-LRB- Haynes ' -RRB- homage to such films as `` All That Heaven Allows '' and `` Imitation of Life
2	-LRB- Haynes ' -RRB- homage
2	Haynes ' -RRB- homage
2	Haynes '
3	-RRB- homage
2	to such films as `` All That Heaven Allows '' and `` Imitation of Life
2	such films as `` All That Heaven Allows '' and `` Imitation of Life
2	such films as `` All That Heaven Allows '' and `` Imitation
2	such films
2	as `` All That Heaven Allows '' and `` Imitation
2	`` All That Heaven Allows '' and `` Imitation
2	All That Heaven Allows '' and `` Imitation
2	All That Heaven Allows '' and ``
2	All That Heaven Allows '' and
3	All That Heaven Allows ''
2	All That Heaven Allows
3	That Heaven Allows
2	Heaven Allows
2	of Life
2	transcends them .
3	transcends them
4	Simply put , `` Far From Heaven '' is a masterpiece .
2	Simply put
4	, `` Far From Heaven '' is a masterpiece .
4	`` Far From Heaven '' is a masterpiece .
1	`` Far From Heaven ''
2	Far From Heaven ''
2	Far From Heaven
2	From Heaven
4	is a masterpiece .
4	is a masterpiece
4	a masterpiece
3	An intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time .
3	An intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time
4	An intense and effective film
4	intense and effective film
4	intense and effective
3	intense and
2	about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time
1	loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time
2	loneliness and
2	the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time
2	the chilly anonymity of the environments
2	the chilly anonymity
2	chilly anonymity
2	of the environments
2	the environments
2	where so many of us spend so much of our time
2	so many of us spend so much of our time
2	so many of us
2	so many
2	of us
2	spend so much of our time
2	spend so much
2	so much
2	of our time
2	our time
1	Although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything .
3	Although fairly involving as far as it goes
3	fairly involving as far as it goes
2	involving as far as it goes
2	involving as far
2	as far
2	as it goes
2	it goes
1	, the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything .
1	the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything .
2	the film
1	does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything .
2	does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything
1	does n't
2	end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything
2	end up
3	having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything
2	much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything
2	that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything
3	is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything
1	fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything
2	to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything
2	say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything
2	about growing up Catholic or , really , anything
2	growing up Catholic or , really , anything
2	growing up
2	Catholic or , really , anything
2	Catholic or , really ,
2	Catholic or
2	, really ,
2	really ,
2	Proves mainly that South Korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their Hollywood counterparts .
3	mainly that South Korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their Hollywood counterparts .
2	that South Korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their Hollywood counterparts .
2	that South Korean filmmakers
2	South Korean filmmakers
2	South Korean
3	can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their Hollywood counterparts .
3	can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their Hollywood counterparts
3	make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their Hollywood counterparts
1	undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their Hollywood counterparts
1	undemanding action movies
3	action movies
2	with all the alacrity of their Hollywood counterparts
2	all the alacrity of their Hollywood counterparts
2	all the alacrity
2	the alacrity
2	of their Hollywood counterparts
2	their Hollywood counterparts
2	Hollywood counterparts
3	A very funny romantic comedy about two skittish New York middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles .
3	A very funny romantic comedy about two skittish New York middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then
3	A very funny romantic comedy
3	very funny romantic comedy
4	very funny
2	romantic comedy
2	about two skittish New York middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then
2	two skittish New York middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then
2	two skittish New York middle-agers
2	skittish New York middle-agers
2	New York middle-agers
2	York middle-agers
2	who stumble into a relationship and then
2	stumble into a relationship and then
2	into a relationship and then
2	a relationship and then
2	a relationship and
2	a relationship
2	struggle furiously with their fears and foibles .
2	struggle furiously with their fears and foibles
1	struggle furiously
2	with their fears and foibles
2	their fears and foibles
2	fears and foibles
2	fears and
4	Top-notch action powers this romantic drama .
4	Top-notch action powers this romantic drama
3	Top-notch action powers
2	action powers
2	this romantic drama
2	romantic drama
3	Beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
4	nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
3	mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
3	mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart
3	mixes in as much humor as pathos
3	in as much humor as pathos
3	as much humor as pathos
2	much humor as pathos
3	much humor
2	as pathos
4	to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart
3	take us on his sentimental journey of the heart
2	take us
3	on his sentimental journey of the heart
3	his sentimental journey of the heart
3	his sentimental journey
3	sentimental journey
2	of the heart
2	the heart
3	It really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn . '
3	really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn . '
2	is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn . '
3	is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn .
3	is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn
2	a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn
1	a shame
2	that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn
2	more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn
2	wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn
2	wo n't
2	get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn
3	an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn
3	opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn
3	to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn
3	embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn
3	small , sweet ` Evelyn
3	, sweet ` Evelyn
2	sweet ` Evelyn
2	` Evelyn
4	I stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .
3	stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .
4	stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
4	thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
4	about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
4	how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
3	how good
3	it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
3	all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
4	was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
2	was , and
2	was ,
4	started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
4	doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
1	doing nothing
4	but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
4	reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
2	reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness ,
3	reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness
3	reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled ,
3	reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled
3	reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations ,
2	reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations
2	reacting to it -
2	reacting to it
2	to it
3	feeling a part of its grand locations
3	a part of its grand locations
2	a part
3	of its grand locations
3	its grand locations
3	grand locations
2	thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled
2	thinking urgently
1	as the protagonists struggled
2	the protagonists struggled
2	the protagonists
2	feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness
1	at the mercy of its inventiveness
2	the mercy of its inventiveness
2	the mercy
3	of its inventiveness
3	its inventiveness
3	gasping at its visual delights
4	at its visual delights
3	its visual delights
4	visual delights
3	Probably the best case for Christianity since Chesterton and Lewis .
3	Probably the best case for Christianity since Chesterton and Lewis
3	Probably the best case for Christianity
3	the best case for Christianity
3	the best case
3	best case
2	for Christianity
2	since Chesterton and Lewis
2	Chesterton and Lewis
2	Chesterton and
3	A gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative Hollywood practices .
4	A gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say ,
4	A gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say
4	A gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good ,
4	A gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good
4	A gently funny , sweetly adventurous film
4	gently funny , sweetly adventurous film
4	gently funny , sweetly adventurous
3	funny , sweetly adventurous
3	funny ,
4	sweetly adventurous
4	that makes you feel genuinely good
4	makes you feel genuinely good
3	you feel genuinely good
3	feel genuinely good
4	genuinely good
2	that is to say
2	is to say
2	to say
2	entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative Hollywood practices .
2	unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative Hollywood practices .
2	unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative Hollywood practices
1	by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative Hollywood practices
1	false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative Hollywood practices
1	sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative Hollywood practices
2	or sharp , overmanipulative Hollywood practices
1	sharp , overmanipulative Hollywood practices
1	, overmanipulative Hollywood practices
1	overmanipulative Hollywood practices
2	Hollywood practices
3	Would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial New Yorker if 26-year-old Reese Witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic .
2	Would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial New Yorker if 26-year-old Reese Witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic
3	be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial New Yorker if 26-year-old Reese Witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic
1	be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial New Yorker
2	an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial New Yorker
0	an unendurable viewing experience
0	unendurable viewing experience
2	viewing experience
2	for this ultra-provincial New Yorker
2	this ultra-provincial New Yorker
2	ultra-provincial New Yorker
2	New Yorker
2	if 26-year-old Reese Witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic
2	26-year-old Reese Witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic
2	26-year-old Reese Witherspoon
2	Reese Witherspoon
2	were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic
2	were not on hand
2	were not
2	on hand
4	to inject her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic
4	inject her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic
3	her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic
2	her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael ,
2	her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael
3	her pure fantasy character ,
3	her pure fantasy character
2	pure fantasy character
2	fantasy character
2	Melanie Carmichael
3	with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic
3	a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic
1	a massive infusion
2	massive infusion
3	of old-fashioned Hollywood magic
4	old-fashioned Hollywood magic
4	Hollywood magic
3	Visually fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .
4	fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .
3	... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .
4	an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .
3	an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty
2	an often intense character study about fathers and
3	an often intense character study about fathers
3	an often intense character study
3	often intense character study
3	often intense
2	character study
2	about fathers
3	sons , loyalty and duty
2	sons , loyalty and
2	sons , loyalty
2	sons ,
3	A lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world .
3	A lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world
3	A lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view
2	A lyrical metaphor
2	lyrical metaphor
3	for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view
3	cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view
3	cultural and personal self-discovery and
3	cultural and personal self-discovery
2	and personal self-discovery
3	personal self-discovery
3	a picaresque view
2	picaresque view
2	of a little-remembered world
3	a little-remembered world
2	little-remembered world
3	Schütte 's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues Brecht faced as his life drew to a close .
2	Schütte 's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death
3	Schütte 's dramatic snapshot
2	Schütte 's
3	dramatic snapshot
2	of the artist three days before his death
2	the artist three days before his death
2	the artist three days
2	the artist
2	three days
2	before his death
2	his death
3	offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues Brecht faced as his life drew to a close .
2	offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues Brecht faced as his life drew to a close
3	offers an interesting bit of speculation
3	an interesting bit of speculation
3	an interesting bit
3	interesting bit
2	of speculation
2	as to the issues Brecht faced as his life drew to a close
2	to the issues Brecht faced as his life drew to a close
2	to the issues
2	the issues
2	Brecht faced as his life drew to a close
2	faced as his life drew to a close
2	as his life drew to a close
1	his life drew to a close
2	his life
3	drew to a close
2	to a close
2	a close
4	A slick , engrossing melodrama .
3	A slick , engrossing melodrama
3	A slick ,
2	A slick
3	engrossing melodrama
3	S1M0NE 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective .
3	S1M0NE 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective
1	S1M0NE 's satire is not subtle , but
1	S1M0NE 's satire is not subtle ,
1	S1M0NE 's satire is not subtle
2	S1M0NE 's satire
2	S1M0NE 's
2	is not subtle
1	is not
3	it is effective
3	is effective
3	It 's a quirky , off-beat project .
2	's a quirky , off-beat project .
2	's a quirky , off-beat project
3	a quirky , off-beat project
3	quirky , off-beat project
2	, off-beat project
2	off-beat project
1	While some will object to the idea of a Vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , Soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
2	While some will object to the idea of a Vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone
1	some will object to the idea of a Vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone
1	will object to the idea of a Vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone
2	object to the idea of a Vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone
1	object to the idea of a Vietnam picture
2	to the idea of a Vietnam picture
2	the idea of a Vietnam picture
2	the idea
2	of a Vietnam picture
2	a Vietnam picture
2	Vietnam picture
1	with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone
2	such a rah-rah , patriotic tone
2	such a rah-rah ,
2	such a rah-rah
2	a rah-rah
2	patriotic tone
2	, Soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
3	Soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
3	ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
3	achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
3	achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation
3	achieves its main strategic objective :
3	achieves its main strategic objective
2	its main strategic objective
2	main strategic objective
2	strategic objective
2	dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation
3	the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation
2	the human cost
2	human cost
3	of the conflict that came to define a generation
2	the conflict that came to define a generation
2	the conflict
3	that came to define a generation
2	came to define a generation
2	to define a generation
3	define a generation
2	a generation
3	Even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st Century .
3	Even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st Century
3	Even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and
3	Even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve ,
3	Even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve
2	Even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart
2	if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart
2	you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart
2	do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart
2	do n't
3	know the band or the album 's songs by heart
2	know the band or the album 's songs
2	the band or the album 's songs
2	the band or
2	the band
2	the album 's songs
2	the album 's
2	album 's
2	by heart
3	, you will enjoy seeing how both evolve
3	you will enjoy seeing how both evolve
3	will enjoy seeing how both evolve
4	enjoy seeing how both evolve
2	seeing how both evolve
3	how both evolve
2	both evolve
3	you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st Century
2	will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st Century
2	will also
2	learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st Century
3	learn a good deal
3	a good deal
3	good deal
2	about the state of the music business in the 21st Century
2	the state of the music business in the 21st Century
2	the state
2	of the music business in the 21st Century
2	the music business in the 21st Century
2	the music business
2	music business
2	in the 21st Century
2	the 21st Century
2	21st Century
4	The solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .
3	The solid filmmaking and convincing characters
3	The solid filmmaking and
4	The solid filmmaking
3	solid filmmaking
3	convincing characters
3	makes this a high water mark for this genre .
3	makes this a high water mark for this genre
4	this a high water mark for this genre
4	a high water mark for this genre
3	a high water mark
4	high water mark
2	water mark
2	for this genre
2	this genre
3	Films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days .
2	Films about loss , grief and recovery
2	about loss , grief and recovery
2	loss , grief and recovery
2	, grief and recovery
2	grief and recovery
2	grief and
2	are pretty valuable these days .
3	are pretty valuable these days
3	are pretty valuable
3	pretty valuable
2	these days
3	Seen in that light , Moonlight Mile should strike a nerve in many .
3	Seen in that light
2	in that light
2	that light
2	, Moonlight Mile should strike a nerve in many .
3	Moonlight Mile should strike a nerve in many .
2	Moonlight Mile
3	should strike a nerve in many .
1	should strike a nerve in many
2	strike a nerve in many
2	a nerve in many
2	a nerve
2	in many
4	It 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .
2	's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .
4	's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage
2	's endlessly
3	inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage
3	inventive , consistently intelligent and
4	inventive , consistently intelligent
3	inventive ,
3	consistently intelligent
1	sickeningly savage
4	It is definitely worth seeing .
4	is definitely worth seeing .
3	is definitely worth seeing
3	is definitely worth
2	is definitely
3	An impeccable study in perversity .
2	An impeccable study in perversity
3	An impeccable study
3	impeccable study
2	in perversity
3	Far From Heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama .
3	Far From Heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama
3	Far From Heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but
3	Far From Heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat ,
3	Far From Heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat
4	From Heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat
2	From Heaven
3	is a dazzling conceptual feat
3	a dazzling conceptual feat
4	dazzling conceptual feat
3	conceptual feat
3	more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama
2	more than that
2	than that
4	, it 's a work of enthralling drama
3	it 's a work of enthralling drama
3	's a work of enthralling drama
4	a work of enthralling drama
2	a work
4	of enthralling drama
3	enthralling drama
4	A movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .
2	A movie
3	that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .
3	that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart
4	that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way ,
3	that both thrills the eye and
3	that both thrills the eye
2	that both
3	thrills the eye
2	the eye
2	, in its over-the-top way ,
2	in its over-the-top way ,
3	in its over-the-top way
2	its over-the-top way
2	over-the-top way
3	touches the heart
2	the heart
3	Stuffed to the brim with ideas , American instigator Michael Moore 's film is a rambling examination of American gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
3	Stuffed to the brim with ideas
3	to the brim with ideas
3	the brim with ideas
2	the brim
2	with ideas
2	, American instigator Michael Moore 's film is a rambling examination of American gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
1	American instigator Michael Moore 's film is a rambling examination of American gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
2	American instigator Michael Moore 's film
2	American instigator Michael Moore 's
2	instigator Michael Moore 's
2	Michael Moore 's
2	Moore 's
1	is a rambling examination of American gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
1	is a rambling examination of American gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition
1	a rambling examination of American gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition
2	a rambling examination of American gun culture
2	a rambling examination
1	rambling examination
2	of American gun culture
2	American gun culture
2	gun culture
2	that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition
2	uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition
1	uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion
2	his usual modus operandi of crucifixion
2	his usual modus operandi
2	usual modus operandi
2	modus operandi
1	of crucifixion
2	through juxtaposition
3	Affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .
3	reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .
3	reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things
2	reminds us
2	that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things
2	, in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things
2	, in any language ,
2	in any language ,
2	in any language
2	any language
3	the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things
2	the huge stuff in life
2	the huge stuff
2	huge stuff
2	in life
3	can usually be traced back to the little things
2	can usually
2	be traced back to the little things
2	traced back to the little things
2	traced back
2	to the little things
2	the little things
2	little things
2	A drama of great power , yet some members of the audience will leave the theater believing they have seen a comedy .
3	A drama of great power , yet some members of the audience
2	A drama
2	of great power , yet some members of the audience
3	great power , yet some members of the audience
3	great power , yet
3	great power ,
3	great power
2	some members of the audience
2	some members
2	of the audience
2	the audience
3	will leave the theater believing they have seen a comedy .
3	will leave the theater believing they have seen a comedy
2	leave the theater believing they have seen a comedy
1	leave the theater
2	the theater
2	believing they have seen a comedy
2	they have seen a comedy
3	have seen a comedy
2	seen a comedy
2	a comedy
4	The large-frame IMAX camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .
2	The large-frame IMAX camera
2	large-frame IMAX camera
2	IMAX camera
4	lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .
4	lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
4	itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
3	beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
4	to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
4	filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
2	filming the teeming life on the reefs ,
3	filming the teeming life on the reefs
3	filming the teeming life
2	the teeming life
2	teeming life
2	on the reefs
1	the reefs
3	making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
4	this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
4	gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
4	film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
4	film a must for everyone from junior scientists
3	film a must for everyone
4	film a must
3	a must
3	for everyone
2	from junior scientists
2	junior scientists
2	to grown-up fish lovers
2	grown-up fish lovers
2	fish lovers
2	The result is more depressing than liberating , but it 's never boring .
2	The result is more depressing than liberating , but it 's never boring
1	The result is more depressing than liberating , but
1	The result is more depressing than liberating ,
1	The result is more depressing than liberating
2	The result
1	is more depressing than liberating
1	more depressing than liberating
2	depressing than liberating
2	than liberating
4	it 's never boring
3	's never boring
2	's never
3	A story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .
3	A story about intelligent high school
2	A story
3	about intelligent high school
3	intelligent high school
2	high school
3	students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .
3	students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously
3	students that deals with first love sweetly
3	that deals with first love sweetly
3	deals with first love sweetly
4	with first love sweetly
3	first love sweetly
3	love sweetly
2	but also seriously
2	also seriously
4	It is also beautifully acted .
3	is also beautifully acted .
3	is also beautifully acted
2	is also
3	beautifully acted
2	It is n't that the picture is unfamiliar , but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems .
3	is n't that the picture is unfamiliar , but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems .
3	is n't that the picture is unfamiliar , but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems
1	is n't
2	that the picture is unfamiliar , but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems
2	that the picture is unfamiliar , but
2	that the picture is unfamiliar ,
2	that the picture is unfamiliar
2	the picture is unfamiliar
2	the picture
2	is unfamiliar
2	that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems
3	it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems
3	manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems
3	to find new avenues of discourse on old problems
2	find new avenues of discourse on old problems
2	find new avenues of discourse
2	new avenues of discourse
3	new avenues
2	of discourse
2	on old problems
2	old problems
2	Same song , second verse , coulda been better , but it coulda been worse .
1	Same song , second verse , coulda been better , but it coulda been worse
1	Same song , second verse , coulda been better , but it coulda
2	Same song , second verse ,
1	Same song , second verse
1	Same song ,
2	Same song
2	second verse
1	coulda been better , but it coulda
1	been better , but it coulda
3	better , but it coulda
3	better , but
3	better ,
2	it coulda
1	been worse
4	It 's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .
4	's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .
4	's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team
4	a technically superb film , shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team
4	a technically superb film ,
4	a technically superb film
3	technically superb film
4	technically superb
3	shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team
4	shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly
4	shining with all the usual Spielberg flair ,
3	shining with all the usual Spielberg flair
4	with all the usual Spielberg flair
3	all the usual Spielberg flair
2	the usual Spielberg flair
3	usual Spielberg flair
3	Spielberg flair
3	utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team
4	the talents of his top-notch creative team
2	the talents
4	of his top-notch creative team
3	his top-notch creative team
4	top-notch creative team
3	creative team
3	Wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too .
4	Wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too
3	Wilco fans will have a great time , and
4	Wilco fans will have a great time ,
3	Wilco fans will have a great time
2	Wilco fans
3	will have a great time
3	have a great time
4	a great time
3	great time
4	the movie should win the band a few new converts , too
2	the movie
3	should win the band a few new converts , too
2	win the band a few new converts , too
2	win the band a few new converts ,
2	win the band a few new converts
2	win the band
2	the band
2	a few new converts
1	few new converts
2	new converts
3	Tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances .
4	Tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances
3	Tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and
4	Tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists ,
3	Tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists
4	has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists
4	a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists
3	a well-deserved reputation as one
3	a well-deserved reputation
3	well-deserved reputation
2	as one
3	of the cinema world 's great visual stylists
3	the cinema world 's great visual stylists
2	the cinema world 's
2	cinema world 's
2	world 's
4	great visual stylists
2	visual stylists
4	in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances
2	in this film
2	this film
4	, every shot enhances the excellent performances
4	every shot enhances the excellent performances
2	every shot
4	enhances the excellent performances
4	the excellent performances
4	excellent performances
2	The date movie that Franz Kafka would have made .
2	The date
2	movie that Franz Kafka would have made .
2	movie that Franz Kafka would have made
2	that Franz Kafka would have made
2	Franz Kafka would have made
2	Franz Kafka
2	would have made
2	have made
3	The fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that Broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer .
2	The fact
2	is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that Broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer .
3	is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that Broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer
2	that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that Broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer
2	the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that Broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer
2	the screen
2	is most alive when it seems most likely that Broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer
2	most alive when it seems most likely that Broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer
3	most alive
2	when it seems most likely that Broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer
1	it seems most likely that Broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer
2	seems most likely that Broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer
2	most likely that Broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer
2	most likely
2	that Broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer
2	Broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer
2	Broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself ,
2	Broomfield 's interviewees
2	Broomfield 's
2	, or even himself ,
2	or even himself ,
2	even himself ,
2	himself ,
1	will not be for much longer
2	will not
2	be for much longer
2	for much longer
2	much longer
4	Leguizamo and Jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .
4	Leguizamo and Jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb
4	Leguizamo and Jones are both excellent and
4	Leguizamo and Jones are both excellent
2	Leguizamo and Jones
2	Leguizamo and
4	are both excellent
2	are both
3	the rest of the cast is uniformly superb
2	the rest of the cast
2	the rest
2	of the cast
2	the cast
4	is uniformly superb
4	uniformly superb
3	I liked this film a lot ...
4	liked this film a lot ...
4	liked this film a lot
2	this film a lot
2	this film
2	a lot
3	... there is enough originality in ` Life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
3	there is enough originality in ` Life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
3	is enough originality in ` Life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
3	is enough originality in ` Life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens
3	enough originality in ` Life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens
3	enough originality in ` Life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies
3	originality in ` Life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies
3	originality in ` Life '
2	in ` Life '
2	in ` Life
2	in `
3	to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies
3	distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies
2	distance it
2	from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies
2	the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies
2	the pack
3	of paint-by-number romantic comedies
2	paint-by-number romantic comedies
2	romantic comedies
3	that so often end up on cinema screens
3	so often end up on cinema screens
2	so often
2	end up on cinema screens
2	end up
2	on cinema screens
2	cinema screens
4	A solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .
3	A solid and refined piece of moviemaking
3	A solid and refined piece
3	solid and refined piece
3	and refined piece
3	refined piece
2	of moviemaking
3	imbued with passion and attitude .
4	imbued with passion and attitude
3	with passion and attitude
3	passion and attitude
2	passion and
3	Nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book .
4	has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book .
3	has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book
4	crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book
3	an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book
4	an engaging fantasy
4	engaging fantasy
2	of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book
2	flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book
2	flavours and emotions ,
3	flavours and emotions
2	flavours and
2	one part romance novel , one part recipe book
3	one part romance novel ,
2	one part romance novel
2	part romance novel
2	romance novel
2	one part recipe book
2	part recipe book
2	recipe book
4	With or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller
4	With or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny
2	With or without
2	With or
4	the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny
2	the sex ,
2	the sex
4	a wonderful tale of love and destiny
3	a wonderful tale
4	wonderful tale
3	of love and destiny
2	love and destiny
3	love and
3	, told well by a master storyteller
3	told well by a master storyteller
3	told well by a master
3	told well
3	by a master
4	a master
3	On the surface a silly comedy , Scotland , PA would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play .
3	On the surface a silly comedy
2	the surface a silly comedy
2	the surface
1	a silly comedy
3	silly comedy
3	, Scotland , PA would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play .
3	Scotland , PA would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play .
2	Scotland , PA
2	, PA
2	would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play .
3	would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play
3	be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play
1	be forgettable
3	if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play
2	it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play
1	were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play
2	were n't
3	such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play
3	such a clever adaptation
3	a clever adaptation
4	clever adaptation
2	of the bard 's tragic play
2	the bard 's tragic play
2	the bard 's
2	bard 's
2	tragic play
3	A weird , arresting little ride .
1	A weird , arresting little ride
2	A weird ,
2	A weird
3	arresting little ride
2	little ride
2	A fine film , but it would be a lot better if it stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories .
3	A fine film
3	fine film
1	, but it would be a lot better if it stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories .
1	, but it would be a lot better if it stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories
2	, but
0	it would be a lot better if it stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories
1	would be a lot better if it stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories
2	be a lot better if it stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories
1	a lot better if it stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories
3	a lot better
2	a lot
1	if it stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories
1	it stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories
1	stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories
2	stuck to Betty Fisher and
2	stuck to Betty Fisher
2	to Betty Fisher
2	Betty Fisher
2	left out the other stories
2	left out
2	the other stories
2	other stories
4	A first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you .
3	A first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you
3	A first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and
3	A first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego
3	A first-class road movie that proves you
4	A first-class road movie
3	first-class road movie
2	road movie
3	that proves you
2	proves you
2	can run away from home , but your ego
2	run away from home , but your ego
2	away from home , but your ego
2	from home , but your ego
2	from home
1	, but your ego
2	, but
3	your ego
2	all your problems go with you
2	all your problems
2	your problems
2	go with you
2	with you
1	You might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead .
0	might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead .
1	might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
1	want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
0	to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
1	take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
2	take a reality check
2	a reality check
2	reality check
1	before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
1	you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
1	pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
1	the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
2	the full ticket price
2	full ticket price
2	ticket price
2	to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
1	see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
2	see `` Simone , '' and
2	see `` Simone , ''
2	`` Simone , ''
2	Simone , ''
2	Simone ,
1	consider a DVD rental instead
2	consider a DVD rental
2	a DVD rental
2	DVD rental
4	Well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .
2	cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .
4	cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin
2	cast and well
2	cast and
3	directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin
2	directed -
3	a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin
3	a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit
3	a powerful drama
4	powerful drama
3	with enough sardonic wit
2	enough sardonic wit
1	enough sardonic
1	to keep it from being maudlin
2	keep it from being maudlin
2	keep it
2	from being maudlin
2	being maudlin
4	A backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .
4	A backstage must-see for true fans of comedy
3	A backstage must-see for true fans
4	A backstage must-see
3	backstage must-see
3	for true fans
3	true fans
2	of comedy
3	There 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .
3	's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .
2	's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing
2	back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing
2	back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly ,
2	back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and
1	back-stabbing , inter-racial desire
2	, inter-racial desire
2	inter-racial desire
2	, most importantly ,
3	most importantly ,
3	most importantly
2	singing and dancing
2	singing and
3	The film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective .
3	The film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective
1	The film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but
2	The film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama ,
1	The film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama
2	The film
2	sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama
2	like the stuff of lurid melodrama
3	the stuff of lurid melodrama
2	the stuff
1	of lurid melodrama
2	lurid melodrama
3	what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective
3	makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective
3	it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective
3	interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective
2	as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective
2	a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective
2	a character study
2	character study
2	is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective
2	is the fact
2	the fact
2	that the story is told from Paul 's perspective
2	the story is told from Paul 's perspective
2	the story
2	is told from Paul 's perspective
2	told from Paul 's perspective
2	from Paul 's perspective
2	Paul 's perspective
2	Paul 's
4	Jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
3	... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
3	makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
3	makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart
3	makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but
3	makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
4	makes a great impression
4	a great impression
3	great impression
3	as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
1	the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
2	the writer-director
2	of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
3	this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
3	this little $ 1.8 million charmer ,
3	this little $ 1.8 million charmer
3	little $ 1.8 million charmer
3	$ 1.8 million charmer
2	$ 1.8 million
2	$ 1.8
1	which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
1	may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
1	may not
3	be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
4	cutting-edge indie filmmaking
2	indie filmmaking
3	has a huge heart
4	a huge heart
3	huge heart
3	In the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama How I Killed My Father , French director Anne Fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
2	In the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama How I Killed My Father
2	the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama How I Killed My Father
2	the disturbingly
2	involving family dysfunctional drama How I Killed My Father
2	family dysfunctional drama How I Killed My Father
2	family dysfunctional drama
1	dysfunctional drama
2	How I Killed My Father
1	I Killed My Father
0	Killed My Father
2	My Father
4	, French director Anne Fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
3	French director Anne Fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
2	French director Anne Fontaine
3	director Anne Fontaine
2	Anne Fontaine
3	delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
3	an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
3	an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and
3	an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst
4	an inspired portrait
3	inspired portrait
1	of male-ridden angst
2	male-ridden angst
2	the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
2	the emotional blockage
2	emotional blockage
2	that accompanies this human condition
2	accompanies this human condition
2	this human condition
2	human condition
3	Below may not mark Mr. Twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished .
3	Below may not mark Mr. Twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished
2	Below may not mark Mr. Twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but
1	Below may not mark Mr. Twohy 's emergence into the mainstream ,
2	Below may not mark Mr. Twohy 's emergence into the mainstream
1	may not mark Mr. Twohy 's emergence into the mainstream
1	may not
2	mark Mr. Twohy 's emergence into the mainstream
2	mark Mr. Twohy 's emergence
2	Mr. Twohy 's emergence
2	Mr. Twohy 's
2	Twohy 's
2	into the mainstream
2	the mainstream
3	his promise remains undiminished
3	his promise
3	remains undiminished
4	There 's no reason to miss Interview with the Assassin
3	's no reason to miss Interview with the Assassin
2	no reason to miss Interview with the Assassin
1	reason to miss Interview with the Assassin
2	to miss Interview with the Assassin
2	miss Interview with the Assassin
2	Interview with the Assassin
2	with the Assassin
2	the Assassin
4	Happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music .
2	stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music .
4	stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music
3	stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and
3	stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner
3	stays close to the ground
2	close to the ground
2	to the ground
2	the ground
2	in a spare and simple manner
2	a spare and simple manner
2	spare and simple manner
2	and simple manner
2	simple manner
3	does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music
1	does n't
1	pummel us with phony imagery or music
1	pummel us
1	with phony imagery or music
1	phony imagery or music
2	imagery or music
2	imagery or
3	Its sheer dynamism is infectious .
4	Its sheer dynamism
3	sheer dynamism
3	is infectious .
3	is infectious
3	For his first attempt at film noir , Spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .
2	For his first attempt at film noir
2	his first attempt at film noir
2	his first attempt
2	first attempt
2	at film noir
2	film noir
2	, Spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .
3	Spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .
2	presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .
3	presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future
2	a fascinating but flawed look at the near future
2	a fascinating but flawed look
3	fascinating but flawed look
2	fascinating but flawed
2	fascinating but
2	at the near future
2	the near future
2	near future
2	it somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart
3	somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart
3	managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart
3	to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart
2	make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart
3	make its way past my crappola radar and
2	make its way past my crappola radar
2	make its way
2	its way
1	past my crappola radar
1	my crappola radar
1	crappola radar
3	find a small place in my heart
2	find a small place
2	a small place
2	small place
2	in my heart
2	my heart
4	Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is .
4	Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is
3	Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but
3	Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , '
2	Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing ,
3	Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing
2	it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing
1	's cliche to call the film ` refreshing
2	cliche to call the film ` refreshing
3	to call the film ` refreshing
3	call the film ` refreshing
2	the film ` refreshing
2	the film
4	` refreshing
3	it is
4	` Drumline ' shows a level of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .
4	Drumline ' shows a level of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .
4	' shows a level of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .
4	shows a level of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .
4	shows a level of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated
4	a level of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated
2	a level
4	of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated
3	young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated
2	young , Black manhood
2	, Black manhood
2	Black manhood
3	that is funny , touching , smart and complicated
4	is funny , touching , smart and complicated
4	funny , touching , smart and complicated
4	, touching , smart and complicated
4	touching , smart and complicated
3	, smart and complicated
3	smart and complicated
3	smart and
3	It does give a taste of the Burning Man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .
4	does give a taste of the Burning Man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .
3	does give a taste of the Burning Man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity
3	give a taste of the Burning Man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity
2	give a taste of the Burning Man ethos ,
2	give a taste of the Burning Man ethos
2	a taste of the Burning Man ethos
2	a taste
2	of the Burning Man ethos
2	the Burning Man ethos
2	Burning Man ethos
2	Man ethos
3	an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity
3	an appealing blend
3	appealing blend
2	of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity
3	counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity
2	counter-cultural idealism and
2	counter-cultural idealism
3	hedonistic creativity
2	The limited sets and small confined and dark spaces also are homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie .
2	The limited sets and small confined and dark spaces
1	The limited sets and
2	The limited sets
1	limited sets
1	small confined and dark spaces
1	confined and dark spaces
2	confined and dark
1	confined and
3	also are homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie .
2	are homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie .
3	are homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie
3	homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie
2	to a classic low-budget film noir movie
3	a classic low-budget film noir movie
3	classic low-budget film noir movie
1	low-budget film noir movie
2	film noir movie
2	noir movie
1	The movie is well done , but slow .
2	The movie
2	is well done , but slow .
2	is well done , but slow
3	well done , but slow
1	done , but slow
1	, but slow
2	, but
4	-LRB- A -RRB- wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .
3	-LRB- A -RRB- wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting
2	-LRB- A -RRB-
2	A -RRB-
4	wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting
3	wonderfully loopy tale
4	wonderfully loopy
3	of love , longing , and voting
2	love , longing , and voting
3	love , longing , and
3	love , longing ,
3	love , longing
2	love ,
3	The fascination comes in the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the Ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .
3	The fascination comes in the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the Ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react
3	The fascination comes in the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and
3	The fascination comes in the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile ,
3	The fascination comes in the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile
2	The fascination
4	comes in the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile
3	in the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile
3	the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile
3	the power of the Huston performance ,
3	the power of the Huston performance
3	the power
2	of the Huston performance
2	the Huston performance
3	Huston performance
3	which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile
3	seems so larger than life and yet so fragile
2	so larger than life and yet so fragile
3	so larger than life and
3	so larger than life
3	larger than life
2	than life
2	yet so fragile
2	so fragile
1	in the way the Ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react
2	in the way
2	the way
2	the Ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react
2	the Ivan character
2	Ivan character
2	accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react
2	accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself
2	accepts the news of his illness so quickly but
2	accepts the news of his illness so quickly
2	accepts the news of his illness
2	the news of his illness
2	the news
2	of his illness
2	his illness
2	so quickly
2	still finds himself
2	finds himself
2	unable to react
2	to react
3	The last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful .
2	The last scenes of the film
2	The last scenes
2	last scenes
2	of the film
2	the film
2	are anguished , bitter and truthful .
3	are anguished , bitter and truthful
2	anguished , bitter and truthful
2	, bitter and truthful
3	bitter and truthful
2	bitter and
4	Mr. Koshashvili is a director to watch .
2	Mr. Koshashvili
3	is a director to watch .
4	is a director to watch
3	a director to watch
3	director to watch
2	to watch
3	Predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell .
1	Predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting
1	Predictable storyline and
1	Predictable storyline
2	by-the-book scripting
3	is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell .
3	is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell
2	is all but
2	all but
3	washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell
1	washed away
2	by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell
3	sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell
3	sumptuous ocean visuals and
3	sumptuous ocean visuals
3	ocean visuals
3	the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell
2	the cinematic stylings
2	cinematic stylings
3	of director John Stockwell
2	director John Stockwell
2	John Stockwell
3	Antwone Fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .
3	Antwone Fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it
3	Antwone Fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but
3	Antwone Fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories
2	Antwone Fisher
3	certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories
3	does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories
2	the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories
2	the trick
3	of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories
2	making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories
2	us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories
3	care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories
2	care about its protagonist and
2	care about its protagonist
2	about its protagonist
2	its protagonist
2	celebrate his victories
2	his victories
2	, with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it
3	with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it
2	with few exceptions
2	few exceptions
2	, it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it
3	it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it
3	rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it
0	stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it
0	stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions
1	to cheap manipulation or corny conventions
0	cheap manipulation or corny conventions
1	manipulation or corny conventions
2	or corny conventions
0	corny conventions
2	to do it
2	do it
3	One feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism .
3	feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism .
3	feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism
2	feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but
2	feels the dimming of a certain ambition ,
1	feels the dimming of a certain ambition
1	the dimming of a certain ambition
1	the dimming
3	of a certain ambition
3	a certain ambition
3	certain ambition
3	in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism
2	in its place
2	its place
4	a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism
4	a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness
4	sweetness , clarity and emotional openness
3	sweetness , clarity and emotional
3	, clarity and emotional
3	clarity and emotional
3	clarity and
3	that recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism
3	recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism
2	the classics of early Italian neorealism
3	the classics
2	of early Italian neorealism
2	early Italian neorealism
2	Italian neorealism
3	It challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
2	It challenges
3	, this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
3	this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
3	this nervy oddity , like modern art
2	this nervy oddity ,
2	this nervy oddity
2	nervy oddity
2	like modern art
3	modern art
2	should .
3	Whenever you think you 've figured out Late Marriage , it throws you for a loop .
3	Whenever you think you 've figured out Late Marriage
2	you think you 've figured out Late Marriage
2	think you 've figured out Late Marriage
3	you 've figured out Late Marriage
2	've figured out Late Marriage
2	figured out Late Marriage
2	out Late Marriage
2	Late Marriage
3	, it throws you for a loop .
3	it throws you for a loop .
2	throws you for a loop .
1	throws you for a loop
2	throws you
2	for a loop
2	a loop
4	The Pianist is Polanski 's best film .
2	The Pianist
3	is Polanski 's best film .
4	is Polanski 's best film
4	Polanski 's best film
2	Polanski 's
4	best film
2	It is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival .
3	is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival .
3	is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival
3	a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival
3	a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern ,
2	a testament
2	of quiet endurance , of common concern ,
3	quiet endurance , of common concern ,
2	quiet endurance , of common concern
2	quiet endurance ,
3	quiet endurance
1	of common concern
2	common concern
2	of reconciled survival
2	reconciled survival
1	This Orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed .
1	This Orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed
2	This Orange has some juice , but
3	This Orange has some juice ,
2	This Orange has some juice
2	This Orange
2	has some juice
2	some juice
1	it 's far from fresh-squeezed
1	's far from fresh-squeezed
2	far from fresh-squeezed
2	from fresh-squeezed
3	A sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern China .
3	A sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern China
3	A sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination
3	A sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works
3	A sensitive , modest comic tragedy
2	sensitive , modest comic tragedy
2	, modest comic tragedy
2	modest comic tragedy
2	comic tragedy
3	that works
2	as both character study and symbolic examination
2	both character study and symbolic examination
2	both character study and
2	both character study
2	character study
3	symbolic examination
2	of the huge economic changes sweeping modern China
2	the huge economic changes sweeping modern China
2	the huge economic changes
2	huge economic changes
2	economic changes
2	sweeping modern China
2	modern China
2	High Crimes knows the mistakes that bad movies make and is determined not to make them , and maybe that is nobility of a sort .
2	High Crimes
2	knows the mistakes that bad movies make and is determined not to make them , and maybe that is nobility of a sort .
3	knows the mistakes that bad movies make and is determined not to make them , and maybe that is nobility of a sort
2	knows the mistakes
2	the mistakes
2	that bad movies make and is determined not to make them , and maybe that is nobility of a sort
2	that bad movies make and is determined not to make them , and maybe
1	that bad movies make and is determined not to make them , and
2	that bad movies make and is determined not to make them ,
2	that bad movies make and is determined not to make them
1	bad movies make and is determined not to make them
1	bad movies
2	make and is determined not to make them
2	make and
2	is determined not to make them
2	determined not to make them
2	not to make them
2	to make them
2	make them
3	that is nobility of a sort
2	is nobility of a sort
2	nobility of a sort
2	of a sort
2	a sort
4	Cusack 's just brilliant in this .
4	's just brilliant in this .
3	's just brilliant in this
3	just brilliant in this
3	brilliant in this
2	in this
4	Knows how to make our imagination wonder .
3	Knows how to make our imagination
2	how to make our imagination
2	to make our imagination
2	make our imagination
3	our imagination
3	wonder .
3	Jae-eun Jeong 's Take Care of My Cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema .
2	Jae-eun Jeong 's Take Care of My Cat
2	Jae-eun Jeong 's Take Care
2	Jae-eun Jeong 's
2	Jeong 's
2	Take Care
2	of My Cat
2	My Cat
3	brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema .
4	brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema
4	brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images
3	brings a beguiling freshness
3	a beguiling freshness
3	beguiling freshness
4	to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images
3	a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images
2	a coming-of-age story
2	coming-of-age story
3	with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images
3	such a buoyant , expressive flow of images
3	a buoyant , expressive flow of images
3	a buoyant , expressive flow
3	buoyant , expressive flow
3	buoyant , expressive
2	, expressive
2	of images
3	that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema
3	it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema
4	emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema
3	emerges as another key contribution
3	as another key contribution
3	another key contribution
2	key contribution
3	to the flowering of the South Korean cinema
3	the flowering of the South Korean cinema
2	the flowering
2	of the South Korean cinema
2	the South Korean cinema
2	South Korean cinema
2	South Korean
4	The overall fabric is hypnotic , and Mr. Mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .
4	The overall fabric is hypnotic , and Mr. Mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy
3	The overall fabric is hypnotic , and
3	The overall fabric is hypnotic ,
3	The overall fabric is hypnotic
2	The overall fabric
2	overall fabric
3	is hypnotic
2	Mr. Mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy
2	Mr. Mattei
3	fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy
2	moments of spontaneous intimacy
2	of spontaneous intimacy
3	spontaneous intimacy
3	Evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones .
1	Evokes a palpable sense of disconnection
3	Evokes a palpable sense
2	a palpable sense
2	palpable sense
1	of disconnection
2	, made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones .
2	made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones .
1	made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones
1	all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones
2	all the
2	more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones
2	poignant by the incessant use of cell phones
1	by the incessant use of cell phones
1	the incessant use of cell phones
0	the incessant use
1	incessant use
2	of cell phones
2	cell phones
3	Malcolm McDowell is cool .
2	Malcolm McDowell
3	is cool .
2	is cool
3	Paul Bettany is cool .
2	Paul Bettany
3	is cool .
2	is cool
2	Paul Bettany playing Malcolm McDowell ?
2	Paul Bettany playing Malcolm McDowell
2	Paul Bettany
2	playing Malcolm McDowell
2	Malcolm McDowell
3	Cool .
3	A touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an Italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .
4	A touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way
3	A touching , sophisticated film
4	touching , sophisticated film
3	, sophisticated film
3	sophisticated film
2	that almost seems like a documentary in the way
3	almost seems like a documentary in the way
2	seems like a documentary in the way
1	like a documentary in the way
2	a documentary in the way
2	a documentary
2	in the way
2	the way
2	it captures an Italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .
3	captures an Italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .
3	captures an Italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes
2	captures an Italian immigrant family
2	an Italian immigrant family
2	Italian immigrant family
2	immigrant family
3	on the brink of major changes
2	the brink of major changes
2	the brink
2	of major changes
2	major changes
2	... a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance
2	a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance
1	a trashy little
1	a trashy
2	bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance
3	bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and
3	bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances
3	of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances
3	fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances
1	fluff stuffed
3	with enjoyable performances
4	enjoyable performances
2	a bewildering sense of self-importance
1	a bewildering sense
2	bewildering sense
1	of self-importance
4	An inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .
4	An inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist
3	An inventive ,
3	An inventive
3	absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist
3	absorbing movie
3	that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist
4	's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist
2	's as hard
2	as hard
4	to classify as it is hard to resist
3	classify as it is hard to resist
3	as it is hard to resist
3	it is hard to resist
3	is hard to resist
3	hard to resist
2	to resist
3	It made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters .
2	made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters .
3	made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters
3	me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters
3	want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters
2	to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters
2	get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters
3	get made-up and
2	get made-up
2	go see this movie with my sisters
3	see this movie with my sisters
4	see this movie
2	this movie
2	with my sisters
2	my sisters
4	I thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' .
3	I thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real '
4	I thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and
4	I thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny ,
4	I thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny
4	I thought the relationships were wonderful ,
2	I thought the relationships were wonderful
4	thought the relationships were wonderful
4	the relationships were wonderful
2	the relationships
3	were wonderful
3	the comedy was funny
2	the comedy
3	was funny
2	the love ` real '
3	the love
2	` real '
2	real '
3	-LRB- Caine -RRB- proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
2	-LRB- Caine -RRB-
2	Caine -RRB-
4	proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
3	proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
3	once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
2	again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
3	he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
3	has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
2	has n't
1	lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
1	lost his touch ,
1	lost his touch
2	his touch
3	bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
2	bringing off
2	a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
4	a superb performance
4	superb performance
1	in an admittedly middling film
3	an admittedly middling film
2	admittedly middling film
2	admittedly middling
3	Bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via Kirsten Dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases Davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy .
4	Bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via Kirsten Dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases Davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
2	Bogdanovich puts history in perspective and ,
2	Bogdanovich puts history in perspective and
3	Bogdanovich puts history in perspective
3	puts history in perspective
3	history in perspective
2	in perspective
3	via Kirsten Dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases Davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
4	via Kirsten Dunst 's remarkable performance
3	Kirsten Dunst 's remarkable performance
2	Kirsten Dunst 's
2	Dunst 's
4	remarkable performance
4	, he showcases Davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
3	he showcases Davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
4	showcases Davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
3	Davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
3	as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
4	a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
2	a young woman
2	young woman
3	of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
3	great charm , generosity and diplomacy
3	charm , generosity and diplomacy
3	, generosity and diplomacy
3	generosity and diplomacy
2	generosity and
3	This breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .
2	This breezy caper movie
2	breezy caper movie
2	caper movie
3	becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .
3	becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are
3	becomes a soulful , incisive meditation
3	a soulful , incisive meditation
3	soulful , incisive meditation
2	, incisive meditation
2	incisive meditation
2	on the way we were , and the way we are
2	the way we were , and the way we are
2	the way we were , and
2	the way we were ,
2	the way we were
2	the way
2	we were
2	the way we are
2	the way
2	we are
4	A captivating new film .
4	captivating new film .
2	new film .
2	film .
4	Those who are n't put off by the film 's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .
2	Those who are n't put off by the film 's austerity
2	who are n't put off by the film 's austerity
2	are n't put off by the film 's austerity
1	are n't
1	put off by the film 's austerity
2	put off
2	by the film 's austerity
2	the film 's austerity
2	the film 's
2	film 's
3	will find it more than capable of rewarding them .
3	will find it more than capable of rewarding them
3	find it more than capable of rewarding them
2	find it
3	more than capable of rewarding them
3	more than capable
2	than capable
2	of rewarding them
2	rewarding them
3	It 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .
3	's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .
3	's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties
4	a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties
3	a clear-eyed portrait
3	clear-eyed portrait
3	of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties
4	an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties
3	an intensely lived time ,
3	an intensely lived time
2	intensely lived time
3	intensely lived
2	filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties
3	with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties
2	nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties
2	nervous energy , moral ambiguity and
2	nervous energy , moral ambiguity
2	nervous energy ,
2	nervous energy
2	moral ambiguity
2	great uncertainties
3	Reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others .
3	Reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others
3	how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others
2	how important
3	our special talents can be when put in service of of others
2	our special talents
2	special talents
2	can be when put in service of of others
2	be when put in service of of others
2	when put in service of of others
2	put in service of of others
2	in service of of others
3	service of of others
2	of of others
2	of others
3	It also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
3	also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
4	shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
3	shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them
3	how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them
2	how deeply
3	felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them
3	emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them
4	can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them
3	draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them
3	draw people together
2	draw people
2	across the walls that might otherwise separate them
2	the walls that might otherwise separate them
2	the walls
1	that might otherwise separate them
2	might otherwise separate them
2	might otherwise
2	separate them
4	With the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like Tremors , Eight Legged Freaks is prime escapist fare .
3	With the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like Tremors
3	the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like Tremors
2	the same sort
2	same sort
3	of good-natured fun found in films like Tremors
4	good-natured fun found in films like Tremors
3	good-natured fun
2	found in films like Tremors
2	in films like Tremors
2	films like Tremors
2	like Tremors
3	, Eight Legged Freaks is prime escapist fare .
2	Eight Legged Freaks is prime escapist fare .
2	Eight Legged Freaks
1	Legged Freaks
3	is prime escapist fare .
3	is prime escapist fare
2	prime escapist fare
2	escapist fare
3	A sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .
3	A sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity
3	A sharp , amusing study of the cult
3	A sharp , amusing study
4	sharp , amusing study
3	, amusing study
3	amusing study
2	of the cult
2	the cult
2	of celebrity
3	The sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film .
1	The sentimental cliches
1	sentimental cliches
2	mar an otherwise excellent film .
2	mar an otherwise excellent film
3	an otherwise excellent film
4	otherwise excellent film
3	otherwise excellent
4	A powerful performance from Mel Gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16 .
4	A powerful performance from Mel Gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16
3	A powerful performance
4	powerful performance
3	from Mel Gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16
2	Mel Gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16
2	Mel Gibson and
2	Mel Gibson
3	a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16
3	a brutal 90-minute battle sequence
1	brutal 90-minute battle sequence
2	90-minute battle sequence
2	battle sequence
3	that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16
2	does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16
2	does everything but
3	does everything
1	issue you a dog-tag and an M-16
2	you a dog-tag and an M-16
2	a dog-tag and an M-16
2	a dog-tag and
2	a dog-tag
2	an M-16
4	A graceful , moving tribute to the courage of New York 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .
4	A graceful , moving tribute to the courage of New York 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief
4	A graceful , moving tribute
3	graceful , moving tribute
4	graceful , moving
3	, moving
3	to the courage of New York 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief
4	the courage of New York 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief
3	the courage
3	of New York 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief
3	New York 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief
3	New York 's finest and
3	New York 's finest
2	New York 's
2	York 's
3	a nicely understated expression of the grief
3	a nicely understated expression
3	nicely understated expression
2	understated expression
1	of the grief
2	the grief
3	shared by the nation at their sacrifice .
2	shared by the nation at their sacrifice
3	shared by the nation
2	by the nation
3	the nation
2	at their sacrifice
2	their sacrifice
3	A coming-of-age tale from New Zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board .
3	A coming-of-age tale from New Zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply
3	A coming-of-age tale
2	coming-of-age tale
3	from New Zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply
3	New Zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply
2	New Zealand
3	whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply
2	whose boozy , languid air
1	whose boozy , languid
2	boozy , languid
2	, languid
3	is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply
4	balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply
3	by a rich visual clarity and deeply
3	a rich visual clarity and deeply
4	rich visual clarity and deeply
3	visual clarity and deeply
3	clarity and deeply
3	clarity and
3	felt performances across the board .
2	felt performances across the board
3	felt performances
2	across the board
2	the board
1	Made to be Jaglomized is the Cannes Film Festival , the annual Riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money .
2	Made to be Jaglomized is the Cannes Film Festival , the annual Riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money
2	Made to be Jaglomized is
2	Made to be Jaglomized
2	to be Jaglomized
2	be Jaglomized
2	the Cannes Film Festival , the annual Riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money
2	the Cannes Film Festival ,
2	the Cannes Film Festival
2	Cannes Film Festival
3	Film Festival
2	the annual Riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money
2	the annual Riviera spree
2	annual Riviera spree
2	Riviera spree
2	of flesh , buzz , blab and money
2	flesh , buzz , blab and money
2	, buzz , blab and money
1	buzz , blab and money
2	, blab and money
2	blab and money
1	blab and
3	The charming result is Festival in Cannes .
3	The charming result
4	charming result
2	is Festival in Cannes .
2	is Festival in Cannes
2	Festival in Cannes
2	in Cannes
4	If you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck .
3	If you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining
2	you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining
3	're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining
3	looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining
2	looking for something new and
1	looking for something new
3	for something new
3	something new
2	hoping for something entertaining
3	for something entertaining
3	something entertaining
3	, you 're in luck .
3	you 're in luck .
3	're in luck .
3	're in luck
3	in luck
4	A hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films -- Four Weddings and a Funeral and Bridget Jones 's Diary .
4	A hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films -- Four Weddings and a Funeral and Bridget Jones 's Diary
4	A hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films --
4	A hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films
4	A hugely rewarding experience
4	hugely rewarding experience
4	hugely rewarding
4	that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films
4	's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films
2	's every bit
2	every bit
4	as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films
3	as enlightening , insightful and entertaining
4	enlightening , insightful and entertaining
3	, insightful and entertaining
4	insightful and entertaining
3	insightful and
3	as Grant 's two best films
4	Grant 's two best films
2	Grant 's
4	two best films
4	best films
2	Four Weddings and a Funeral and Bridget Jones 's Diary
2	Four Weddings and
2	Four Weddings
2	a Funeral and Bridget Jones 's Diary
2	a Funeral and Bridget Jones 's
2	Funeral and Bridget Jones 's
2	and Bridget Jones 's
2	Bridget Jones 's
2	Jones 's
3	A rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .
3	A rip-roaring comedy action
4	rip-roaring comedy action
2	comedy action
3	fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .
3	fest that 'll put hairs on your chest
2	that 'll put hairs on your chest
2	'll put hairs on your chest
3	put hairs on your chest
2	put hairs
2	on your chest
2	your chest
3	If there 's no art here , it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .
1	If there 's no art here
1	there 's no art here
1	's no art here
2	's no art
1	no art
3	, it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .
3	it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .
2	's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .
3	's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days
2	's still
3	a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days
3	a good yarn --
3	a good yarn
3	good yarn
3	which is nothing to sneeze at these days
3	is nothing to sneeze at these days
3	nothing to sneeze at these days
2	to sneeze at these days
2	sneeze at these days
2	at these days
2	these days
3	Simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , The Last Kiss is really all about performances .
4	Simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny
2	Simultaneously heart-breaking and
2	Simultaneously heart-breaking
4	very funny
3	, The Last Kiss is really all about performances .
3	The Last Kiss is really all about performances .
3	The Last Kiss
2	Last Kiss
2	is really all about performances .
3	is really all about performances
2	is really
2	all about performances
2	about performances
3	There is a subversive element to this Disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .
2	is a subversive element to this Disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .
2	is a subversive element to this Disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability
2	is a subversive element to this Disney cartoon ,
2	is a subversive element to this Disney cartoon
2	a subversive element to this Disney cartoon
2	a subversive element
2	subversive element
2	to this Disney cartoon
2	this Disney cartoon
2	Disney cartoon
2	providing unexpected fizzability
2	unexpected fizzability
3	An unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage .
3	An unforgettable
2	look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage .
3	look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage
3	look at morality , family , and social expectation
2	at morality , family , and social expectation
3	morality , family , and social expectation
2	morality , family , and
2	morality , family ,
3	morality , family
2	morality ,
2	social expectation
2	through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage
2	the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage
2	the prism
2	of that omnibus tradition called marriage
1	that omnibus tradition called marriage
2	that omnibus tradition
3	omnibus tradition
2	called marriage
3	An enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment .
3	An enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment
3	enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment
3	enjoyable , if occasionally flawed ,
2	, if occasionally flawed ,
1	if occasionally flawed ,
1	occasionally flawed ,
1	flawed ,
4	Miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .
4	is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .
4	is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers
4	is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and
4	is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists
4	one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists
3	of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists
4	world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists
2	world cinema 's
2	cinema 's
4	most wondrously gifted artists
4	most wondrously
3	gifted artists
3	If Ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing .
2	If Ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation
2	Ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation
2	can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation
3	help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation
2	us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation
3	return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation
2	to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation
3	a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation
3	a sane regimen
2	sane regimen
2	of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation
2	eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation
3	eating , sleeping and stress-reducing
2	eating , sleeping and
2	eating , sleeping
2	eating ,
4	, it is clearly a good thing .
4	it is clearly a good thing .
3	is clearly a good thing .
3	is clearly a good thing
2	is clearly
4	a good thing
3	good thing
4	Meeting , even exceeding expectations , it 's the best sequel since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
3	Meeting , even exceeding expectations
2	Meeting , even
2	Meeting ,
4	exceeding expectations
4	, it 's the best sequel since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
4	it 's the best sequel since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
4	's the best sequel since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
4	's the best sequel since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth
4	the best sequel since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth
4	the best sequel
4	best sequel
3	since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth
3	The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth
2	The Empire
3	Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth
2	Strikes Back ...
2	Strikes Back
4	a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth
4	a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and
4	a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur
4	a majestic achievement ,
4	a majestic achievement
4	majestic achievement
3	an epic of astonishing grandeur
3	an epic
4	of astonishing grandeur
4	astonishing grandeur
3	surprising emotional depth
3	emotional depth
4	Leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .
4	is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .
3	is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema
3	one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema
4	of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema
3	the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema
2	the rare directors
3	rare directors
3	who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema
3	feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema
2	acting is the heart and soul of cinema
4	is the heart and soul of cinema
3	the heart and soul of cinema
2	the heart and soul
2	heart and soul
2	heart and
2	of cinema
3	He allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .
3	allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .
3	allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue
2	allows his cast members
2	his cast members
2	cast members
3	to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue
3	make creative contributions to the story and dialogue
2	make creative contributions
3	creative contributions
2	to the story and dialogue
2	the story and dialogue
2	story and dialogue
2	story and
4	This method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .
2	This method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here
3	This method almost never fails him , and
2	This method almost never fails him ,
3	This method almost never fails him
2	This method
3	almost never fails him
3	never fails him
0	fails him
4	it works superbly here
4	works superbly here
4	works superbly
4	Poetry in motion captured on film .
4	Poetry in motion
2	in motion
2	captured on film .
2	captured on film
2	on film
3	While it can be a bit repetitive , overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .
1	While it can be a bit repetitive
1	it can be a bit repetitive
1	can be a bit repetitive
1	be a bit repetitive
1	a bit repetitive
2	a bit
4	, overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .
4	overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .
3	it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .
3	's an entertaining and informative documentary .
3	's an entertaining and informative documentary
3	an entertaining and informative documentary
4	entertaining and informative documentary
4	entertaining and informative
3	entertaining and
3	Directing with a sure and measured hand , -LRB- Haneke -RRB- steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
3	Directing with a sure and measured hand
3	with a sure and measured hand
2	a sure and measured hand
2	sure and measured hand
2	sure and measured
2	sure and
3	, -LRB- Haneke -RRB- steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
3	-LRB- Haneke -RRB- steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
2	-LRB- Haneke -RRB-
2	Haneke -RRB-
3	steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
1	steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology
3	steers clear of the sensational and
2	steers clear of the sensational
2	steers clear
2	of the sensational
3	the sensational
3	offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology
2	offers instead
2	an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology
3	an unflinching and objective look
3	unflinching and objective look
2	and objective look
2	objective look
2	at a decidedly perverse pathology
2	a decidedly perverse pathology
2	decidedly perverse pathology
2	decidedly perverse
4	The entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .
2	The entire movie
2	entire movie
3	establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .
4	establishes a wonderfully creepy mood
3	a wonderfully creepy mood
3	wonderfully creepy mood
3	wonderfully creepy
3	I found The Ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .
3	found The Ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .
3	found The Ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound
3	The Ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound
2	The Ring moderately
2	The Ring
3	absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound
2	absorbing , largely
3	absorbing ,
3	for its elegantly colorful look and sound
3	its elegantly colorful look and sound
3	its elegantly colorful look and
3	its elegantly colorful look
3	elegantly colorful look
3	colorful look
3	The filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , B movie way , they succeed .
3	The filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , B movie way , they succeed
4	The filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and
3	The filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time ,
3	The filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time
2	The filmmakers
3	want nothing else than to show us a good time
2	want nothing else
2	nothing else
3	than to show us a good time
3	to show us a good time
3	show us a good time
2	show us
3	a good time
3	good time
3	in their cheap , B movie way , they succeed
1	in their cheap , B movie way
1	their cheap , B movie way
1	cheap , B movie way
2	, B movie way
2	B movie way
2	movie way
3	, they succeed
3	they succeed
4	Amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .
4	has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .
3	has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances
4	dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances
3	dressed up this little parable
2	dressed up
2	this little parable
2	little parable
4	in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances
4	a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances
3	a fairly irresistible package
4	fairly irresistible package
3	irresistible package
4	full of privileged moments and memorable performances
3	of privileged moments and memorable performances
3	privileged moments and memorable performances
3	privileged moments and
2	privileged moments
3	memorable performances
2	Rabbit-Proof Fence will probably make you angry .
2	Rabbit-Proof Fence
2	will probably make you angry .
1	will probably make you angry
3	will probably
1	make you angry
1	you angry
3	But it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker .
3	it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker .
3	it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker
2	it will just as likely make you weep , and
3	it will just as likely make you weep ,
2	it will just as likely make you weep
3	will just as likely make you weep
2	will just as likely
2	just as likely
2	as likely
2	make you weep
2	you weep
3	it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker
3	will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker
2	do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker
2	do so
3	in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker
2	a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker
2	a way
2	that does n't make you feel like a sucker
2	does n't make you feel like a sucker
1	does n't
1	make you feel like a sucker
1	you feel like a sucker
2	feel like a sucker
1	like a sucker
1	a sucker
4	Both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving .
3	Both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving
3	Both heartbreaking and heartwarming ...
3	Both heartbreaking and heartwarming
3	Both heartbreaking and
1	Both heartbreaking
4	just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving
2	just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but
0	just a simple fable done in an artless sytle ,
1	just a simple fable done in an artless sytle
2	just a simple fable
2	a simple fable
2	simple fable
2	done in an artless sytle
2	in an artless sytle
2	an artless sytle
1	artless sytle
4	it 's tremendously moving
4	's tremendously moving
4	tremendously moving
3	This masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .
4	This masterfully calibrated psychological thriller
3	masterfully calibrated psychological thriller
4	masterfully calibrated
3	psychological thriller
2	thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .
2	thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short
3	thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere
1	on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere
2	its taut performances and creepy atmosphere
2	taut performances and creepy atmosphere
2	performances and creepy atmosphere
2	and creepy atmosphere
1	creepy atmosphere
2	even if the screenplay falls somewhat short
1	if the screenplay falls somewhat short
1	the screenplay falls somewhat short
2	the screenplay
1	falls somewhat short
1	somewhat short
3	The film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting .
3	The film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting
3	The film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but
2	The film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength ,
4	The film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength
2	The film 's sense of imagery
2	The film 's sense
2	The film 's
2	film 's
2	of imagery
2	gives it a terrible strength
2	gives it
3	a terrible strength
2	terrible strength
3	it 's propelled by the acting
3	's propelled by the acting
3	propelled by the acting
2	by the acting
2	the acting
4	The Pianist -LRB- is -RRB- a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life .
4	The Pianist -LRB- is -RRB- a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life
2	The Pianist -LRB- is -RRB-
2	The Pianist
2	-LRB- is -RRB-
2	is -RRB-
3	a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life
3	a supremely hopeful cautionary tale
3	supremely hopeful cautionary tale
4	supremely hopeful
2	cautionary tale
2	of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life
2	war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life
2	war 's madness
1	war 's
2	remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life
2	that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life
1	we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life
1	, today , can prevent its tragic waste of life
2	today , can prevent its tragic waste of life
1	, can prevent its tragic waste of life
1	can prevent its tragic waste of life
1	prevent its tragic waste of life
0	its tragic waste of life
0	its tragic waste
1	tragic waste
2	of life
4	Here is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .
4	is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .
4	is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music
3	a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music
3	a divine monument
3	divine monument
2	to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music
3	a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music
2	a single man 's
2	single man 's
2	man 's
2	struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music
1	to regain his life , his dignity and his music
2	regain his life , his dignity and his music
3	his life , his dignity and his music
2	his life , his dignity and
2	his life , his dignity
2	his life ,
2	his life
2	his dignity
2	his music
3	Strange it is , but delightfully so .
3	Strange it is , but delightfully so
2	Strange it is , but
2	Strange it is ,
2	Strange it is
3	it is
3	delightfully so
3	Elegant , mannered and teasing .
4	Elegant , mannered and teasing
3	Elegant ,
2	mannered and teasing
2	mannered and
2	An average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son 's discovery of his homosexuality .
2	An average coming-of-age tale
3	average coming-of-age tale
2	coming-of-age tale
3	elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son 's discovery of his homosexuality .
2	elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son 's discovery of his homosexuality
3	elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother
2	by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother
2	the wholesome twist of a pesky mother
3	the wholesome twist
4	wholesome twist
1	of a pesky mother
1	a pesky mother
1	pesky mother
2	interfering during her son 's discovery of his homosexuality
2	during her son 's discovery of his homosexuality
2	her son 's discovery of his homosexuality
2	her son 's discovery
2	her son 's
2	son 's
2	of his homosexuality
2	his homosexuality
4	The ingenuity that Parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of Wilde himself .
3	The ingenuity that Parker displays in freshening the play
3	The ingenuity
3	that Parker displays in freshening the play
3	Parker displays in freshening the play
3	displays in freshening the play
3	in freshening the play
2	freshening the play
2	the play
3	is almost in a class with that of Wilde himself .
3	is almost in a class with that of Wilde himself
3	is almost in a class with that of Wilde
3	almost in a class with that of Wilde
2	in a class with that of Wilde
3	a class with that of Wilde
2	a class
2	with that of Wilde
2	that of Wilde
2	of Wilde
2	Decasia is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like .
2	is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like .
2	is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like
2	what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like
2	has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like
2	happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like
1	happened already
2	to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like
2	so many silent movies , newsreels and the like
2	so many silent movies , newsreels and
2	so many silent movies , newsreels
2	so many silent movies ,
2	so many silent movies
2	many silent movies
2	silent movies
2	the like
3	The unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .
2	The unexpected thing
2	unexpected thing
4	is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .
3	is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful
4	that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful
3	its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful
1	its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia ,
2	its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia
1	its dying ,
0	its dying
2	in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia
2	this shower of black-and-white psychedelia
2	this shower
2	of black-and-white psychedelia
3	black-and-white psychedelia
4	is quite beautiful
4	quite beautiful
1	A droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the Lone Star State .
1	A droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the Lone Star State
1	A droll ,
2	A droll
3	bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the Lone Star State
1	bitchy frolic
3	which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the Lone Star State
2	pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the Lone Star State
2	pokes fun
2	at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the Lone Star State
2	the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the Lone Star State
2	the price of popularity and
2	the price of popularity
3	the price
2	of popularity
2	small-town pretension in the Lone Star State
2	small-town pretension
2	in the Lone Star State
2	the Lone Star State
2	Lone Star State
2	Star State
4	With each of her three protagonists , Miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .
2	With each of her three protagonists
2	each of her three protagonists
2	of her three protagonists
2	her three protagonists
2	three protagonists
3	, Miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .
4	Miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .
2	Miller eloquently
3	captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .
3	captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path
3	the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path
2	the moment
3	when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path
2	a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path
2	a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need ,
2	a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need
2	a woman 's life ,
2	a woman 's life
2	a woman 's
2	woman 's
2	out of a deep-seated , emotional need
2	of a deep-seated , emotional need
2	a deep-seated , emotional need
3	deep-seated , emotional need
3	deep-seated , emotional
2	, emotional
3	is about to turn onto a different path
2	about to turn onto a different path
2	to turn onto a different path
2	turn onto a different path
3	onto a different path
2	a different path
2	different path
4	Ryan Gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .
2	Ryan Gosling
3	... is at 22 a powerful young actor .
3	is at 22 a powerful young actor .
3	is at 22 a powerful young actor
2	is at 22
2	at 22
4	a powerful young actor
3	powerful young actor
2	young actor
2	A minor work yet there 's no denying the potency of Miller 's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .
2	A minor work
1	minor work
3	yet there 's no denying the potency of Miller 's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .
3	there 's no denying the potency of Miller 's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .
3	's no denying the potency of Miller 's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .
3	's no denying the potency of Miller 's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure
2	no denying the potency of Miller 's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure
2	denying the potency of Miller 's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure
2	the potency of Miller 's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure
2	the potency
3	of Miller 's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure
2	Miller 's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure
2	Miller 's strange , fleeting brew
2	Miller 's
3	strange , fleeting brew
2	, fleeting brew
2	fleeting brew
3	of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure
3	hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure
2	perseverance and hopeless closure
2	perseverance and hopeless
3	perseverance and
3	As an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , Derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable .
3	As an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , Derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable
1	As an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , Derrida is all but useless ;
1	As an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , Derrida is all but useless
2	As an introduction to the man 's theories and influence
2	an introduction to the man 's theories and influence
2	an introduction to the man 's theories and
2	an introduction to the man 's theories
2	an introduction
2	to the man 's theories
2	the man 's theories
2	the man 's
2	man 's
0	, Derrida is all but useless
1	Derrida is all but useless
1	is all but useless
2	all but useless
2	all but
3	as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable
2	as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man
2	a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man
2	a portrait
2	of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man
3	the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man
2	the artist
2	as an endlessly inquisitive old man
2	an endlessly inquisitive old man
2	endlessly inquisitive old man
2	endlessly inquisitive
2	old man
2	, however , it 's invaluable
3	however , it 's invaluable
2	, it 's invaluable
2	it 's invaluable
2	's invaluable
4	The film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .
2	The film
3	is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .
4	is a verbal duel between two gifted performers
3	a verbal duel between two gifted performers
1	a verbal duel
2	verbal duel
3	between two gifted performers
4	two gifted performers
3	gifted performers
1	Imperfect ?
3	Yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy .
4	Yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy
3	Yes , but also intriguing and honorable ,
3	, but also intriguing and honorable ,
3	but also intriguing and honorable ,
3	also intriguing and honorable ,
4	intriguing and honorable ,
3	intriguing and honorable
3	intriguing and
3	a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy
3	a worthwhile addition
3	worthwhile addition
2	to a distinguished film legacy
3	a distinguished film legacy
4	distinguished film legacy
3	film legacy
2	You 'll get the enjoyable basic minimum .
2	'll get the enjoyable basic minimum .
2	'll get the enjoyable basic minimum
3	get the enjoyable basic minimum
2	the enjoyable basic minimum
3	enjoyable basic minimum
3	enjoyable basic
2	But not a whit more .
2	not a whit more .
2	not a
2	whit more .
2	whit more
3	What a great way to spend 4 units of your day .
4	What a great way to spend 4 units of your day
3	a great way to spend 4 units of your day
4	a great way
3	great way
2	to spend 4 units of your day
2	spend 4 units of your day
2	4 units of your day
2	4 units
2	of your day
2	your day
3	The movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark Ms. Bullock 's best work in some time .
3	The movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark Ms. Bullock 's best work in some time
2	The movie is hardly a masterpiece , but
1	The movie is hardly a masterpiece ,
0	The movie is hardly a masterpiece
2	The movie
0	is hardly a masterpiece
2	is hardly
4	a masterpiece
4	it does mark Ms. Bullock 's best work in some time
3	does mark Ms. Bullock 's best work in some time
4	mark Ms. Bullock 's best work in some time
4	mark Ms. Bullock 's best work
3	Ms. Bullock 's best work
2	Ms. Bullock 's
2	Bullock 's
4	best work
2	in some time
2	some time
3	As simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine .
2	As simple and innocent
3	simple and innocent
2	simple and
2	a movie as you can imagine .
2	a movie as you
2	a movie
2	as you
2	can imagine .
2	can imagine
4	This is a movie you can trust .
3	is a movie you can trust .
3	is a movie you can trust
3	a movie you can trust
2	a movie
2	you can trust
3	can trust
3	Passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , Helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .
2	Passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , Helga
2	Passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel
0	, irrational , long-suffering but cruel
1	irrational , long-suffering but cruel
0	, long-suffering but cruel
2	long-suffering but cruel
2	long-suffering but
1	as a tarantula , Helga
2	a tarantula , Helga
2	a tarantula ,
2	a tarantula
3	figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .
3	figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats
3	figures prominently in this movie , and
3	figures prominently in this movie ,
3	figures prominently in this movie
2	figures prominently
2	in this movie
2	this movie
4	helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats
3	keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats
4	the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats
2	the proceedings
3	as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats
4	funny for grown-ups as for rugrats
2	for grown-ups as for rugrats
2	grown-ups as for rugrats
2	as for rugrats
2	for rugrats
2	`` It 's all about the image . ''
2	It 's all about the image . ''
2	's all about the image . ''
2	's all about the image .
2	's all about the image
2	all about the image
2	about the image
2	the image
4	Vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
4	conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
3	conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all
4	the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all
3	the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists --
4	the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists
3	the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one
3	the passion , creativity , and fearlessness
4	passion , creativity , and fearlessness
4	, creativity , and fearlessness
4	creativity , and fearlessness
3	, and fearlessness
3	, and
2	of one
3	of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists
3	Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists
2	Mexico 's
3	most colorful and controversial artists
3	most colorful and controversial
3	colorful and controversial
3	colorful and
3	a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all
4	a captivating drama
4	captivating drama
2	that will speak to the nonconformist in us all
2	will speak to the nonconformist in us all
2	speak to the nonconformist in us all
3	to the nonconformist in us all
2	the nonconformist in us all
3	the nonconformist in us
2	the nonconformist
2	in us
3	Hollywood Ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .
2	Hollywood Ending
3	is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .
3	is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless
3	is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty
1	is not
3	show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty
3	show-stoppingly hilarious , but
4	show-stoppingly hilarious ,
4	show-stoppingly hilarious
4	scathingly witty
2	Maybe Thomas Wolfe was right : You ca n't go home again .
2	Maybe Thomas Wolfe was right : You ca n't go home again
2	Maybe Thomas Wolfe was right :
2	Maybe Thomas Wolfe was right
2	Thomas Wolfe was right
2	Thomas Wolfe
2	was right
2	You ca n't go home again
1	ca n't go home again
2	ca n't
2	go home again
2	go home
3	A compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .
3	A compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one
3	A compelling yarn , but not quite a
2	A compelling yarn , but not
2	A compelling yarn ,
3	A compelling yarn
3	compelling yarn
2	but not
2	quite a
2	ripping one
3	On the Granger Movie Gauge of 1 to 10 , The Powerpuff Girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .
2	On the Granger Movie Gauge of 1 to 10
2	the Granger Movie Gauge of 1 to 10
2	the Granger Movie Gauge
2	Granger Movie Gauge
3	Movie Gauge
2	of 1 to 10
2	1 to 10
2	1 to
4	, The Powerpuff Girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .
3	The Powerpuff Girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .
2	The Powerpuff Girls
2	Powerpuff Girls
3	is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .
4	is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience
3	a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience
4	a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 --
4	a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6
3	fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6
4	, frenetic , funny , even punny 6
4	frenetic , funny , even punny 6
3	, funny , even punny 6
3	funny , even punny 6
2	, even punny 6
2	even punny 6
2	punny 6
2	aimed specifically at a grade-school audience
2	aimed specifically
1	at a grade-school audience
2	a grade-school audience
1	grade-school audience
3	The film has several strong performances .
2	The film
3	has several strong performances .
3	has several strong performances
3	several strong performances
3	strong performances
3	I 've never bought from telemarketers , but I bought this movie .
3	I 've never bought from telemarketers , but I bought this movie
2	I 've never bought from telemarketers , but
2	I 've never bought from telemarketers ,
2	I 've never bought from telemarketers
2	've never bought from telemarketers
2	've never
2	bought from telemarketers
2	from telemarketers
3	I bought this movie
2	bought this movie
2	this movie
4	Perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , About Schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .
3	Perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair
2	pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair
2	between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair
2	comedy and tragedy , hope and despair
3	comedy and
2	tragedy , hope and despair
2	, hope and despair
2	hope and despair
2	hope and
2	, About Schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .
2	About Schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .
2	About Schmidt
3	instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .
3	comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .
4	comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness
3	comes far closer than many movies
3	far closer than many movies
3	closer than many movies
2	closer than many
2	than many
2	to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness
1	expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness
2	expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and
2	expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption
2	the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption
2	the way many of us live --
2	the way many of us live
2	the way
2	many of us live
2	many of us
2	of us
2	someplace between consuming self-absorption
2	between consuming self-absorption
1	consuming self-absorption
2	insistently demanding otherness
2	demanding otherness
2	The funny thing is , I did n't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit .
3	The funny thing
3	funny thing
2	is , I did n't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit .
3	is , I did n't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit
2	is ,
2	I did n't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit
2	did n't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit
2	did n't
2	mind all this contrived nonsense a bit
0	all this contrived nonsense a bit
1	all this contrived nonsense
1	this contrived nonsense
0	contrived nonsense
2	a bit
3	-LRB- Shyamalan -RRB- turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
2	-LRB- Shyamalan -RRB-
2	Shyamalan -RRB-
4	turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
3	turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count
2	turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and
2	turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head
2	turns the goose-pimple genre
2	the goose-pimple genre
2	goose-pimple genre
1	on its empty head
1	its empty head
1	empty head
3	fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count
2	fills it
3	with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count
2	spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count
2	spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters
3	, purpose and emotionally bruised characters
2	purpose and emotionally bruised characters
2	and emotionally bruised characters
1	emotionally bruised characters
2	bruised characters
2	who add up to more than body count
1	add up to more than body count
2	add up
2	to more than body count
2	more than body count
2	than body count
2	body count
4	A sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in Renaissance Spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .
4	A sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in Renaissance Spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events
4	A sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama
4	sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama
3	, peculiar and always entertaining costume drama
3	peculiar and always entertaining costume drama
4	peculiar and always entertaining
2	peculiar and
4	always entertaining
2	costume drama
2	set in Renaissance Spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events
2	set in Renaissance Spain , and the fact
2	in Renaissance Spain , and the fact
2	Renaissance Spain , and the fact
2	Renaissance Spain , and
2	Renaissance Spain ,
2	Renaissance Spain
2	the fact
2	that it 's based on true events
2	it 's based on true events
2	's based on true events
2	based on true events
2	on true events
3	true events
3	somehow makes it all the more compelling .
4	makes it all the more compelling .
3	makes it all the more compelling
3	it all the more compelling
3	all the more compelling
2	all the
3	more compelling
3	An entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the Bard 's immortal plays were written by somebody else .
3	An entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the Bard 's immortal plays
4	An entertaining documentary
3	entertaining documentary
3	that freshly considers arguments the Bard 's immortal plays
2	freshly considers arguments the Bard 's immortal plays
2	considers arguments the Bard 's immortal plays
2	arguments the Bard 's immortal plays
2	the Bard 's immortal plays
2	the Bard 's immortal
2	the Bard 's
2	Bard 's
2	were written by somebody else .
1	were written by somebody else
1	written by somebody else
2	by somebody else
2	somebody else
4	A highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-Augustinian theology : Is God stuck in Heaven because He 's afraid of His best-known creation ?
3	A highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-Augustinian theology : Is God
4	A highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie
4	highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie
3	highly spirited
3	, imaginative kid 's movie
3	imaginative kid 's movie
2	kid 's movie
2	kid 's
2	that broaches neo-Augustinian theology : Is God
2	broaches neo-Augustinian theology : Is God
3	neo-Augustinian theology : Is God
2	neo-Augustinian theology :
2	neo-Augustinian theology
3	Is God
1	stuck in Heaven because He 's afraid of His best-known creation ?
2	stuck in Heaven because He 's afraid of His best-known creation
2	stuck in Heaven
3	in Heaven
2	because He 's afraid of His best-known creation
1	He 's afraid of His best-known creation
2	's afraid of His best-known creation
2	afraid of His best-known creation
3	of His best-known creation
4	His best-known creation
3	best-known creation
4	Call it magic realism or surrealism , but Miss Wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .
2	Call it magic realism or surrealism
3	Call it magic
3	it magic
2	realism or surrealism
2	realism or
4	, but Miss Wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .
3	, but Miss Wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity
2	, but
3	Miss Wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity
2	Miss Wonton
3	floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity
2	floats beyond reality
2	beyond reality
3	with a certain degree of wit and dignity
3	a certain degree of wit and dignity
2	a certain degree
2	certain degree
3	of wit and dignity
3	wit and dignity
2	wit and
4	Raimi and his team could n't have done any better in bringing the story of Spider-Man to the big screen .
2	Raimi and his team
2	Raimi and
2	his team
4	could n't have done any better in bringing the story of Spider-Man to the big screen .
4	could n't have done any better in bringing the story of Spider-Man to the big screen
1	could n't
2	have done any better in bringing the story of Spider-Man to the big screen
3	done any better in bringing the story of Spider-Man to the big screen
2	done any better
2	any better
2	in bringing the story of Spider-Man to the big screen
2	bringing the story of Spider-Man to the big screen
2	bringing the story of Spider-Man
2	the story of Spider-Man
2	the story
2	of Spider-Man
2	to the big screen
2	the big screen
2	big screen
3	The director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of Truffaut .
2	The director
4	explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of Truffaut .
3	explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of Truffaut
3	all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of Truffaut
3	three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of Truffaut
2	three sides of his story with a sensitivity and
3	three sides of his story with a sensitivity
2	three sides
2	of his story with a sensitivity
2	his story with a sensitivity
2	his story
3	with a sensitivity
2	a sensitivity
3	an inquisitiveness reminiscent of Truffaut
2	an inquisitiveness reminiscent
2	inquisitiveness reminiscent
2	of Truffaut
4	Well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .
3	Well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too
4	Well-acted ,
3	well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too
3	well-directed and , for all its moodiness ,
3	well-directed and
2	, for all its moodiness ,
2	for all its moodiness ,
2	for all its moodiness
1	all its moodiness
2	its moodiness
2	not too
1	pretentious .
3	It 's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .
3	's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .
3	's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look
3	a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look
3	a satisfying summer blockbuster and
3	a satisfying summer blockbuster
4	satisfying summer blockbuster
3	satisfying summer
3	worth a look
2	a look
3	Boomers and their kids will have a Barrie good time .
2	Boomers and their kids
2	Boomers and
2	their kids
2	will have a Barrie good time .
3	will have a Barrie good time
4	have a Barrie good time
3	a Barrie good time
3	Barrie good time
3	good time
3	Real Women Have Curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by Ferrera and Ontiveros .
3	Real Women Have Curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by Ferrera and Ontiveros
3	Real Women Have Curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even
2	Real Women Have Curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but
3	Real Women Have Curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve
2	Real Women Have Curves
2	Women Have Curves
2	Have Curves
3	wears its empowerment on its sleeve
3	wears its empowerment
3	its empowerment
2	on its sleeve
2	its sleeve
3	its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by Ferrera and Ontiveros
1	its worst harangues
1	worst harangues
3	are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by Ferrera and Ontiveros
3	easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by Ferrera and Ontiveros
4	to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by Ferrera and Ontiveros
3	swallow thanks to remarkable performances by Ferrera and Ontiveros
3	swallow thanks to remarkable performances
4	thanks to remarkable performances
4	to remarkable performances
4	remarkable performances
2	by Ferrera and Ontiveros
2	Ferrera and Ontiveros
2	Ferrera and
3	Ultimately , `` MIB II '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
4	, `` MIB II '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
2	`` MIB II '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
3	MIB II '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
2	MIB II
3	'' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
3	succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
3	succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless
3	succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity
3	due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity
3	due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired
3	due to its rapid-fire delivery and
2	due to its rapid-fire delivery
2	to its rapid-fire delivery
4	its rapid-fire delivery
3	rapid-fire delivery
2	enough inspired
2	that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless
3	it ca n't be dismissed as mindless
3	ca n't be dismissed as mindless
2	ca n't
1	be dismissed as mindless
0	dismissed as mindless
1	as mindless
3	Stage director Sam Mendes showcases Tom Hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .
2	Stage director Sam Mendes
2	director Sam Mendes
3	Sam Mendes
3	showcases Tom Hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .
3	showcases Tom Hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge
2	Tom Hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge
2	Tom Hanks
2	as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge
2	a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge
2	a depression era hit-man
2	depression era hit-man
2	era hit-man
2	in this dark tale of revenge
2	this dark tale of revenge
2	this dark tale
2	dark tale
2	of revenge
3	Sitting in the third row of the IMAX cinema at Sydney 's Darling Harbour , but I sometimes felt as though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
4	Sitting in the third row of the IMAX cinema at Sydney 's Darling Harbour , but I sometimes felt as though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and
2	Sitting in the third row of the IMAX cinema at Sydney 's Darling Harbour , but I sometimes felt as though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking
2	Sitting in the third row of the IMAX cinema at Sydney 's Darling Harbour ,
2	Sitting in the third row of the IMAX cinema at Sydney 's Darling Harbour
2	Sitting in the third row of the IMAX cinema
2	in the third row of the IMAX cinema
2	the third row of the IMAX cinema
2	the third row
2	third row
2	of the IMAX cinema
2	the IMAX cinema
3	IMAX cinema
2	at Sydney 's Darling Harbour
2	Sydney 's Darling Harbour
2	Sydney 's
2	Darling Harbour
3	but I sometimes felt as though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking
2	I sometimes felt as though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking
3	sometimes felt as though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking
2	felt as though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking
4	as though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking
2	though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking
2	I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking
2	was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking
2	in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking
2	the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking
2	the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding ,
2	the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding
2	the tiny two seater plane
2	tiny two seater plane
2	two seater plane
2	seater plane
2	that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding
2	carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding
2	carried the giant camera around Australia ,
2	carried the giant camera around Australia
2	carried the giant camera
2	the giant camera
2	giant camera
2	around Australia
3	sweeping and gliding
2	sweeping and
2	hovering over some of the most not
2	over some of the most not
2	some of the most not
2	of the most not
2	the most not
2	the most
2	The real charm of this trifle is the deadpan comic face of its star , Jean Reno , who resembles Sly Stallone in a hot sake half-sleep .
2	The real charm of this trifle
3	The real charm
3	real charm
2	of this trifle
2	this trifle
2	is the deadpan comic face of its star , Jean Reno , who resembles Sly Stallone in a hot sake half-sleep .
2	is the deadpan comic face of its star , Jean Reno , who resembles Sly Stallone in a hot sake half-sleep
2	the deadpan comic face of its star , Jean Reno , who resembles Sly Stallone in a hot sake half-sleep
2	the deadpan comic face
3	deadpan comic face
3	comic face
1	of its star , Jean Reno , who resembles Sly Stallone in a hot sake half-sleep
1	its star , Jean Reno , who resembles Sly Stallone in a hot sake half-sleep
2	its star , Jean Reno ,
2	its star , Jean Reno
2	its star ,
3	its star
2	Jean Reno
1	who resembles Sly Stallone in a hot sake half-sleep
2	resembles Sly Stallone in a hot sake half-sleep
2	Sly Stallone in a hot sake half-sleep
3	Sly Stallone
1	in a hot sake half-sleep
1	a hot sake half-sleep
1	hot sake half-sleep
2	sake half-sleep
4	What 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director 's talent .
4	What 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller
4	's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller
2	's so
4	fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller
3	about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller
4	this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller
4	silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller
4	silly , outrageous , ingenious
3	, outrageous , ingenious
4	outrageous , ingenious
4	, ingenious
3	is the director 's talent .
3	is the director 's talent
3	the director 's talent
3	the director 's
2	director 's
1	Watching a Brian DePalma movie is like watching an Alfred Hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .
2	Watching a Brian DePalma movie
2	a Brian DePalma movie
2	Brian DePalma movie
2	DePalma movie
1	is like watching an Alfred Hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .
2	is like watching an Alfred Hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers
1	like watching an Alfred Hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers
2	watching an Alfred Hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers
2	watching an Alfred Hitchcock movie
3	an Alfred Hitchcock movie
2	Alfred Hitchcock movie
2	Hitchcock movie
1	after drinking twelve beers
2	drinking twelve beers
2	twelve beers
3	Strip it of all its excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie .
2	Strip it of all its excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie
2	Strip it of all its excess debris , and
1	Strip it of all its excess debris ,
2	Strip it of all its excess debris
2	Strip it
2	of all its excess debris
1	all its excess debris
2	its excess debris
1	excess debris
3	you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie
3	'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie
3	have a 90-minute , four-star movie
4	a 90-minute , four-star movie
4	90-minute , four-star movie
4	, four-star movie
4	four-star movie
0	As it is , it 's too long and unfocused .
2	As it is
3	it is
0	, it 's too long and unfocused .
0	it 's too long and unfocused .
1	's too long and unfocused .
0	's too long and unfocused
0	too long and unfocused
0	long and unfocused
2	long and
4	An immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .
4	An immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century
4	An immensely entertaining look
3	immensely entertaining look
4	immensely entertaining
2	at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century
3	some of the unsung heroes of 20th century
3	of the unsung heroes of 20th century
3	the unsung heroes of 20th century
2	the unsung heroes
3	unsung heroes
2	of 20th century
2	20th century
2	pop music .
2	pop music
3	This familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .
2	This familiar rise-and-fall tale
2	familiar rise-and-fall tale
2	rise-and-fall tale
2	is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .
2	is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times
1	is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences ,
2	is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences
2	long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences
2	long on glamour and
3	long on glamour
2	on glamour
1	short on larger moralistic consequences
2	on larger moralistic consequences
2	larger moralistic consequences
2	larger moralistic
3	though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times
2	it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times
2	's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times
3	told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times
3	told with sharp ears and eyes
3	with sharp ears and eyes
2	sharp ears and eyes
2	ears and eyes
2	ears and
2	for the tenor of the times
2	the tenor of the times
2	the tenor
2	of the times
2	the times
4	This beautifully animated epic is never dull .
4	This beautifully animated epic
4	beautifully animated epic
3	animated epic
2	is never dull .
3	is never dull
2	is never
4	Brian Tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and Paul Grabowsky 's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .
3	Brian Tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and Paul Grabowsky 's excellent music
3	Brian Tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and
3	Brian Tufano 's handsome widescreen photography
2	Brian Tufano 's
2	Tufano 's
3	handsome widescreen photography
3	widescreen photography
4	Paul Grabowsky 's excellent music
2	Paul Grabowsky 's
2	Grabowsky 's
4	excellent music
4	turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .
3	turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special
2	turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something
2	this fairly parochial melodrama into something
2	this fairly parochial melodrama
1	fairly parochial melodrama
2	fairly parochial
2	into something
4	really rather special
4	rather special
4	It makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .
3	makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .
3	makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing
4	compelling , provocative and prescient viewing
3	compelling , provocative and prescient
3	, provocative and prescient
4	provocative and prescient
3	provocative and
4	A thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses Grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .
4	A thoroughly entertaining comedy that
3	thoroughly entertaining comedy that
4	thoroughly entertaining
2	comedy that
2	uses Grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .
3	uses Grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos
3	uses Grant 's own twist of acidity
2	Grant 's own twist of acidity
2	Grant 's own twist
2	Grant 's
2	own twist
2	of acidity
2	to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos
2	prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos
2	prevent itself
2	from succumbing to its own bathos
1	succumbing to its own bathos
2	to its own bathos
2	its own bathos
2	own bathos
3	Using a stock plot , About a Boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
2	Using a stock plot
1	a stock plot
1	stock plot
3	, About a Boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
3	About a Boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
2	About a Boy
2	a Boy
3	injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
4	injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater
3	injects just enough freshness into the proceedings
3	injects just enough freshness
2	just enough freshness
4	enough freshness
2	into the proceedings
2	the proceedings
3	to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater
4	provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater
4	an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater
3	an enjoyable 100 minutes
3	enjoyable 100 minutes
3	enjoyable 100
2	in a movie theater
2	a movie theater
2	movie theater
2	What Eric Schaeffer has accomplished with Never Again may not , strictly speaking , qualify as revolutionary .
3	What Eric Schaeffer has accomplished with Never Again
3	Eric Schaeffer has accomplished with Never Again
2	Eric Schaeffer
2	has accomplished with Never Again
2	accomplished with Never Again
2	with Never Again
2	Never Again
3	may not , strictly speaking , qualify as revolutionary .
1	may not , strictly speaking , qualify as revolutionary
2	may not , strictly speaking ,
2	may not , strictly speaking
2	may not ,
1	may not
2	strictly speaking
3	qualify as revolutionary
2	as revolutionary
3	But it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
4	it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
4	's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
4	's defiantly and delightfully against the grain
3	defiantly and delightfully against the grain
2	defiantly and
3	delightfully against the grain
2	against the grain
2	the grain
4	The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .
4	The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment
3	The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant proves to be sensational , and
4	The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant proves to be sensational ,
4	The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant proves to be sensational
4	The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant
3	The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry
3	hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry
3	hard-to-predict and absolutely essential
2	hard-to-predict and
2	absolutely essential
2	between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant
3	the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant
2	the down-to-earth Bullock and
3	the down-to-earth Bullock
3	down-to-earth Bullock
2	the nonchalant Grant
2	nonchalant Grant
3	proves to be sensational
2	to be sensational
3	be sensational
4	everything meshes in this elegant entertainment
3	meshes in this elegant entertainment
4	in this elegant entertainment
3	this elegant entertainment
3	elegant entertainment
3	A positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a Shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .
4	A positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a Shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera
4	A positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder
3	A positively thrilling combination
3	positively thrilling combination
3	thrilling combination
2	of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder
2	ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder
2	ethnography and
2	all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder
1	the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder
2	intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder
2	, betrayal , deceit and murder
1	betrayal , deceit and murder
1	, deceit and murder
1	deceit and murder
2	deceit and
2	of a Shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera
2	a Shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera
2	a Shakespearean tragedy or
1	a Shakespearean tragedy
2	Shakespearean tragedy
3	a juicy soap opera
3	juicy soap opera
1	soap opera
3	Mr. Clooney , Mr. Kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .
2	Mr. Clooney , Mr. Kaufman and all their collaborators
2	Mr. Clooney , Mr. Kaufman and all
2	Mr. Clooney , Mr. Kaufman and
2	Mr. Clooney , Mr. Kaufman
2	Mr. Clooney ,
2	Mr. Clooney
2	Mr. Kaufman
2	their collaborators
2	are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .
3	are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster
2	entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster
2	to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster
2	take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster
2	take a deep bow
3	a deep bow
3	deep bow
1	for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster
4	fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster
3	fashioning an engrossing entertainment out
2	fashioning an engrossing entertainment
4	an engrossing entertainment
4	engrossing entertainment
0	of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster
2	an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster
3	an almost sure-fire prescription
2	almost sure-fire prescription
2	sure-fire prescription
0	for a critical and commercial disaster
0	a critical and commercial disaster
0	critical and commercial disaster
2	critical and commercial
2	critical and
3	Definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with . '
2	Definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with .
3	Definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with
2	Definitely funny stuff , but
3	Definitely funny stuff ,
4	Definitely funny stuff
3	funny stuff
1	it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with
1	's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with
3	more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with
1	of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with
2	the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with
2	the ` laughing at ' variety
2	` laughing at ' variety
3	laughing at ' variety
2	laughing at
2	' variety
2	than the ` laughing with
2	the ` laughing with
3	the ` laughing
4	` laughing
4	Easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-Semitism ever seen on screen .
3	Easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root
4	Easily the most thoughtful fictional examination
4	the most thoughtful fictional examination
4	most thoughtful fictional examination
3	most thoughtful
2	fictional examination
2	of the root
2	the root
0	causes of anti-Semitism ever seen on screen .
2	causes of anti-Semitism ever seen on screen
1	of anti-Semitism ever seen on screen
2	anti-Semitism ever seen on screen
2	ever seen on screen
2	seen on screen
2	on screen
4	A real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .
4	A real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant
4	A real winner --
4	A real winner
4	real winner
4	smart , funny , subtle , and resonant
3	smart ,
3	funny , subtle , and resonant
2	, subtle , and resonant
3	subtle , and resonant
2	, and resonant
3	, and
3	Family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .
2	Family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy
2	Family portrait
2	of need , neurosis and nervy
1	need , neurosis and nervy
2	, neurosis and nervy
2	neurosis and nervy
2	neurosis and
4	negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .
4	is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .
4	is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking
3	a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking
4	a rare treat
3	rare treat
3	that shows the promise of digital filmmaking
3	shows the promise of digital filmmaking
3	the promise of digital filmmaking
2	the promise
2	of digital filmmaking
2	digital filmmaking
2	The pitch must have read like a discarded House Beautiful spread .
2	The pitch
2	must have read like a discarded House Beautiful spread .
2	must have read like a discarded House Beautiful spread
2	have read like a discarded House Beautiful spread
3	read like a discarded House Beautiful spread
1	like a discarded House Beautiful spread
2	a discarded House Beautiful spread
2	discarded House Beautiful spread
2	House Beautiful spread
3	Beautiful spread
4	Uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .
2	Uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be
1	as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be
1	only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be
1	only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind
2	only a document
2	a document
1	of the worst possibilities of mankind
1	the worst possibilities of mankind
1	the worst possibilities
1	worst possibilities
2	of mankind
2	can be
4	, and among the best films of the year .
3	, and
4	among the best films of the year .
4	among the best films of the year
4	the best films of the year
3	the best films
4	best films
2	of the year
2	the year
2	Director David Jacobson gives Dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims .
2	Director David Jacobson
2	David Jacobson
2	gives Dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims .
1	gives Dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims
2	gives Dahmer
2	a consideration that the murderer never game his victims
2	a consideration
2	that the murderer never game his victims
2	the murderer never game his victims
2	the murderer
2	never game his victims
2	game his victims
1	his victims
4	The film has a terrific look and Salma Hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .
3	The film has a terrific look and Salma Hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life
3	The film has a terrific look and
4	The film has a terrific look
2	The film
4	has a terrific look
3	a terrific look
4	terrific look
3	Salma Hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life
2	Salma Hayek
4	has a feel for the character at all stages of her life
2	a feel for the character at all stages of her life
2	a feel
3	for the character at all stages of her life
2	the character at all stages of her life
2	the character
2	at all stages of her life
2	all stages of her life
2	all stages
2	of her life
2	her life
0	A decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .
2	decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .
0	decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies
1	decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy
1	lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy
3	of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy
2	spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy
3	spontaneity in its execution and
3	spontaneity in its execution
2	in its execution
2	its execution
2	a dearth of real poignancy
3	a dearth
2	of real poignancy
3	real poignancy
2	in its epiphanies
2	its epiphanies
4	The performances are remarkable .
2	The performances
3	are remarkable .
3	are remarkable
3	It 's Burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown .
3	's Burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown .
2	's Burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown
2	Burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown
2	Burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot ,
2	Burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot
3	Burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue ,
3	Burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue
2	Burns ' visuals ,
2	Burns ' visuals
2	Burns '
2	characters and his punchy dialogue
2	characters and
2	his punchy dialogue
3	punchy dialogue
2	not his plot
2	his plot
2	that carry waydowntown
2	carry waydowntown
3	As literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .
1	As literary desecrations go
2	literary desecrations go
1	literary desecrations
3	, this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .
4	this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .
3	makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .
3	makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment
3	for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment
3	perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment
4	perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's
3	perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable
3	acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable
3	acceptable ,
3	occasionally very enjoyable
4	very enjoyable
2	children 's
0	You 'll forget about it by Monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .
0	You 'll forget about it by Monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids
1	You 'll forget about it by Monday , though , and
1	You 'll forget about it by Monday , though ,
1	You 'll forget about it by Monday , though
1	'll forget about it by Monday , though
1	forget about it by Monday , though
2	forget about it by Monday ,
1	forget about it by Monday
1	forget about it
2	about it
2	by Monday
2	if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids
2	if they 're old enough to have developed some taste
2	they 're old enough to have developed some taste
2	're old enough to have developed some taste
3	old enough to have developed some taste
2	old enough
2	to have developed some taste
3	have developed some taste
2	developed some taste
2	some taste
2	, so will your kids
2	so will your kids
2	will your kids
3	your kids
3	While I ca n't say it 's on par with the first one , Stuart Little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .
1	While I ca n't say it 's on par with the first one
1	I ca n't say it 's on par with the first one
1	ca n't say it 's on par with the first one
2	ca n't
3	say it 's on par with the first one
3	it 's on par with the first one
3	's on par with the first one
3	on par with the first one
3	par with the first one
2	with the first one
2	the first one
2	first one
3	, Stuart Little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .
3	Stuart Little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .
2	Stuart Little 2
2	Little 2
4	is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .
3	is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie
2	a light , fun cheese puff of a movie
3	a light , fun cheese puff
3	light , fun cheese puff
3	, fun cheese puff
3	fun cheese puff
2	cheese puff
2	of a movie
2	a movie
4	Strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .
3	Strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre
2	Strange ,
4	funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre
4	, twisted , brilliant and macabre
4	twisted , brilliant and macabre
3	, brilliant and macabre
4	brilliant and macabre
4	brilliant and
4	A genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .
3	A genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama
3	genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama
4	genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental
3	genuinely moving and
3	genuinely moving
2	wisely unsentimental
2	Heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple 's moral ascension .
3	is a haunting dramatization of a couple 's moral ascension .
3	is a haunting dramatization of a couple 's moral ascension
3	a haunting dramatization of a couple 's moral ascension
3	a haunting dramatization
2	haunting dramatization
3	of a couple 's moral ascension
2	a couple 's moral ascension
2	a couple 's
2	couple 's
3	moral ascension
3	The Mothman Prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .
2	The Mothman Prophecies
2	Mothman Prophecies
3	is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .
2	is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey
2	best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey
2	when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey
1	illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey
2	illustrating the demons
2	the demons
2	bedevilling the modern masculine journey
3	the modern masculine journey
3	modern masculine journey
2	masculine journey
3	Plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel .
2	Plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
2	Plays out with a dogged and
2	Plays out with a dogged
2	Plays out
2	with a dogged
2	a dogged
3	eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
4	winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
3	squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
3	that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
3	would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
3	make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
4	it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
3	the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
2	the darling
2	of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
3	many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
3	a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
3	kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
1	cable channel
4	An entertaining British hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .
4	An entertaining British hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance
3	An entertaining British hybrid
3	entertaining British hybrid
2	British hybrid
2	of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance
3	comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance
3	comedy , caper thrills and
3	comedy , caper thrills
2	comedy ,
3	caper thrills
2	quirky romance
2	Alain Choquart 's camera barely stops moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving Conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating .
2	Alain Choquart 's camera
2	Alain Choquart 's
2	Choquart 's
3	barely stops moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving Conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating .
3	stops moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving Conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating .
2	stops moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving Conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating
2	moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving Conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating
3	moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and
3	moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time
2	moving ,
2	portraying both the turmoil of the time
2	both the turmoil of the time
2	both the turmoil
1	the turmoil
2	of the time
2	the time
2	giving Conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating
2	giving Conduct
3	a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating
2	a perpetual sense
3	perpetual sense
2	of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating
2	urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating
2	urgency ,
2	which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating
2	, for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating
2	for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating
1	for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool
1	a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool
2	a film
1	that takes nearly three hours to unspool
1	takes nearly three hours to unspool
2	takes nearly three hours
2	nearly three hours
2	nearly three
2	to unspool
3	, is both funny and irritating
2	is both funny and irritating
3	both funny and irritating
2	funny and irritating
3	funny and
2	Mostly Martha could have used a little trimming -- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice -- but it 's a pleasurable trifle .
2	Mostly Martha could have used a little trimming -- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice -- but it 's a pleasurable trifle
2	Mostly Martha could have used a little trimming -- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice -- but
1	Mostly Martha could have used a little trimming -- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice --
2	Mostly Martha could have used a little trimming
1	Martha could have used a little trimming
1	could have used a little trimming
2	have used a little trimming
2	used a little trimming
2	a little trimming
2	little trimming
1	-- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice --
1	10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice --
1	10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice
1	10 or 15 minutes could be cut and
1	10 or 15 minutes could be cut
2	10 or 15 minutes
2	10 or 15
2	10 or
2	could be cut
2	be cut
2	no one would notice
2	no one
2	would notice
3	it 's a pleasurable trifle
3	's a pleasurable trifle
3	a pleasurable trifle
4	pleasurable trifle
1	The only pain you 'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .
2	The only pain you 'll feel as the credits roll
1	The only pain
1	only pain
2	you 'll feel as the credits roll
3	'll feel as the credits roll
2	feel as the credits roll
2	as the credits roll
2	the credits roll
2	credits roll
2	is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .
2	is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub
2	your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub
2	your stomach
2	grumbling for some tasty grub
2	for some tasty grub
3	some tasty grub
2	tasty grub
4	Hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love Moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions .
4	Hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love Moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
3	Hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ...
3	Hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic
1	Hardly an objective documentary
3	an objective documentary
3	objective documentary
3	, but it 's great cinematic polemic
3	but it 's great cinematic polemic
4	it 's great cinematic polemic
3	's great cinematic polemic
3	great cinematic polemic
2	cinematic polemic
3	love Moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
2	love Moore or loathe him
3	love Moore or
2	love Moore
1	loathe him
3	, you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
3	you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
3	've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
4	got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
3	to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
3	admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
3	admire ...
3	the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
3	the intensity
2	with which he 's willing to express his convictions
2	with which
3	he 's willing to express his convictions
3	's willing to express his convictions
1	willing to express his convictions
2	to express his convictions
2	express his convictions
2	his convictions
4	The mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .
3	The mark of a respectable summer blockbuster
2	The mark
3	of a respectable summer blockbuster
3	a respectable summer blockbuster
3	respectable summer blockbuster
3	summer blockbuster
4	is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .
3	is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs
3	one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs
2	one of two things :
2	one of two things
2	of two things
2	two things
3	unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs
2	unadulterated thrills or
3	unadulterated thrills
4	genuine laughs
4	The film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .
4	The film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant
4	The film is visually dazzling ,
4	The film is visually dazzling
2	The film
4	is visually dazzling
4	visually dazzling
3	the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant
2	the depicted events
2	depicted events
4	dramatic , funny and poignant
3	, funny and poignant
4	funny and poignant
3	funny and
3	A directorial tour de force by Bernard Rose , ivans xtc .
4	A directorial tour de force by Bernard Rose , ivans
3	A directorial tour de force
3	directorial tour de force
2	tour de force
2	de force
2	by Bernard Rose , ivans
2	Bernard Rose , ivans
2	Bernard Rose ,
2	Bernard Rose
2	xtc .
4	is one of this year 's very best pictures .
4	is one of this year 's very best pictures
4	one of this year 's very best pictures
4	of this year 's very best pictures
4	this year 's very best pictures
2	this year 's
2	year 's
4	very best pictures
4	very best
2	What makes the movie work -- to an admittedly limited extent -- is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers .
3	makes the movie work -- to an admittedly limited extent -- is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers .
3	makes the movie work -- to an admittedly limited extent -- is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers
3	the movie work -- to an admittedly limited extent -- is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers
2	the movie work -- to an admittedly limited extent --
2	the movie work -- to an admittedly limited extent
2	the movie work --
2	the movie work
2	movie work
2	to an admittedly limited extent
1	an admittedly limited extent
1	admittedly limited extent
1	admittedly limited
3	is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers
3	the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers
2	the commitment
3	of two genuinely engaging performers
4	two genuinely engaging performers
4	genuinely engaging performers
3	engaging performers
4	Weaver and LaPaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .
2	Weaver and LaPaglia
2	Weaver and
4	are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .
4	are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk
3	are both excellent ,
4	are both excellent
4	both excellent
3	in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk
2	the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk
2	the kind of low-key way
2	the kind
2	of low-key way
2	low-key way
2	that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk
3	allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk
2	us to forget that they are actually movie folk
3	to forget that they are actually movie folk
3	forget that they are actually movie folk
2	that they are actually movie folk
2	they are actually movie folk
2	are actually movie folk
2	are actually
2	movie folk
3	Even the digressions are funny .
2	Even the digressions
2	the digressions
3	are funny .
3	are funny
3	Mr. Spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .
2	Mr. Spielberg and his company
2	Mr. Spielberg and
2	Mr. Spielberg
2	his company
2	just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .
3	want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .
3	want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned
3	you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned
3	to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned
3	enjoy yourselves without feeling conned
3	enjoy yourselves
2	without feeling conned
2	feeling conned
3	And they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
3	they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
4	succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
3	succeed merrily at their noble endeavor
3	succeed merrily
3	at their noble endeavor
3	their noble endeavor
3	noble endeavor
2	Melodrama with a message .
3	Melodrama with a message
3	with a message
2	a message
3	A perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .
3	A perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy
3	perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy
3	perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey
3	perfectly pleasant if
4	perfectly pleasant
1	slightly pokey
3	Coppola 's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .
2	Coppola 's directorial debut
2	Coppola 's
2	directorial debut
4	is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .
2	is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema
3	an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema
4	an incredibly layered and stylistic film
3	incredibly layered and stylistic film
3	incredibly layered and stylistic
3	layered and stylistic
2	layered and
2	that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema
2	, despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema
3	despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema
1	despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development
1	a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development
1	a fairly slow paced ,
1	a fairly slow paced
1	fairly slow paced
0	fairly slow
1	almost humdrum approach to character development
1	almost humdrum approach
2	humdrum approach
2	to character development
2	character development
3	, still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema
3	still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema
3	manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema
3	at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema
2	at least a decent attempt
2	at least
3	a decent attempt
2	decent attempt
3	at meaningful cinema
4	meaningful cinema
3	At the end , when the now computerized Yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
2	At the end
2	the end
4	, when the now computerized Yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
3	when the now computerized Yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
2	when the now computerized Yoda finally reveals his martial artistry
2	the now computerized Yoda finally reveals his martial artistry
2	the now computerized Yoda
2	now computerized Yoda
2	computerized Yoda
2	finally reveals his martial artistry
2	reveals his martial artistry
3	his martial artistry
2	martial artistry
4	, the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
4	the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
2	the film
4	ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
4	ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
3	to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
3	a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
2	a kinetic life
2	kinetic life
4	so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
3	teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
4	that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
3	even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
2	even cranky adults
1	cranky adults
2	may rediscover the quivering kid inside
3	rediscover the quivering kid inside
2	rediscover the quivering kid
2	the quivering kid
2	quivering kid
3	Wang Xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
2	Wang Xiaoshuai
3	directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
4	directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men
3	this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men
3	this intricately structured and well-realized drama
3	intricately structured and well-realized drama
4	intricately structured and well-realized
4	structured and well-realized
3	structured and
3	that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men
3	presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men
4	a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men
4	a fascinating glimpse of urban life and
3	a fascinating glimpse of urban life
3	a fascinating glimpse
3	fascinating glimpse
2	of urban life
2	urban life
2	the class warfare that embroils two young men
1	the class warfare
1	class warfare
2	that embroils two young men
2	embroils two young men
2	two young men
2	young men
3	It 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started .
1	It 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started
1	It 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone , but
1	It 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone ,
1	It 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone
0	's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone
1	hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone
0	to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone
0	imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone
2	imagine anybody ever
2	imagine anybody
1	being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone
1	being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and
2	being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing
2	being `` in the mood ''
2	being `` in the mood
2	being ``
2	in the mood
2	the mood
2	to view a movie as harrowing
2	view a movie as harrowing
2	view a movie
2	a movie
2	as harrowing
1	painful as The Grey Zone
2	as The Grey Zone
2	The Grey Zone
1	Grey Zone
4	it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started
4	's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started
4	's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen
2	's equally hard
2	equally hard
2	to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen
3	imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen
2	imagine anybody
3	being able to tear their eyes away from the screen
3	able to tear their eyes away from the screen
2	to tear their eyes away from the screen
3	tear their eyes away from the screen
3	tear their eyes away
2	tear their eyes
2	their eyes
2	from the screen
2	the screen
2	once it 's started
2	it 's started
2	's started
4	Bogdanovich taps deep into the Hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
3	Bogdanovich taps deep into the Hearst mystique
2	Bogdanovich taps
2	deep into the Hearst mystique
2	into the Hearst mystique
2	the Hearst mystique
2	Hearst mystique
2	, entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
4	entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
3	entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal
3	reenacting a historic scandal
1	a historic scandal
1	historic scandal
3	A moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .
3	A moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places
3	A moving tale of love and destruction
3	A moving tale
3	moving tale
2	of love and destruction
2	love and destruction
3	love and
2	in unexpected places
2	unexpected places
2	, unexamined lives .
2	unexamined lives .
2	unexamined lives
3	Clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ...
4	directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ...
4	directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable
4	this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable
2	this film
3	always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable
3	keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable
3	the balance between the fantastic and the believable
2	the balance
3	between the fantastic and the believable
3	the fantastic and the believable
3	the fantastic and
3	the fantastic
2	the believable
3	Even if you do n't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
2	Even if you do n't understand what on earth is going on
1	if you do n't understand what on earth is going on
1	you do n't understand what on earth is going on
0	do n't understand what on earth is going on
2	do n't
2	understand what on earth is going on
1	what on earth is going on
2	on earth is going on
2	on earth
2	is going on
2	going on
2	, this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
4	this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
4	is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
3	is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why
3	a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why
2	a movie
3	that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why
2	will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why
3	stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why
2	hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why
2	of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why
2	post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why
2	post viewing discussion ,
2	post viewing discussion
2	viewing discussion
2	if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why
2	only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why
2	to be reminded of who did what to whom and why
2	be reminded of who did what to whom and why
2	reminded of who did what to whom and why
2	of who did what to whom and why
2	who did what to whom and why
2	did what to whom and why
2	what to whom and why
2	what to whom and
2	what to whom
2	to whom
2	... a lesson in prehistoric hilarity .
3	a lesson in prehistoric hilarity .
2	a lesson in prehistoric hilarity
2	a lesson
3	in prehistoric hilarity
3	prehistoric hilarity
4	A fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .
4	A fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor ,
3	A fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor
4	A fantastically vital movie
4	fantastically vital movie
4	fantastically vital
3	that manages to invest real humor
3	manages to invest real humor
2	to invest real humor
2	invest real humor
3	real humor
3	sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .
3	sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys
3	sensuality , and
2	sensuality ,
2	sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys
2	into a story about two adolescent boys
2	a story about two adolescent boys
2	a story
2	about two adolescent boys
2	two adolescent boys
2	adolescent boys
3	Lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .
3	plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .
2	plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy
3	personal tragedy and also the human comedy
2	personal tragedy and also
1	personal tragedy and
1	personal tragedy
2	the human comedy
3	human comedy
1	Though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way K-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .
3	Though a capable thriller
3	a capable thriller
3	capable thriller
2	, somewhere along the way K-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .
3	somewhere along the way K-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .
2	somewhere along the way K-19
2	along the way K-19
2	the way K-19
2	way K-19
2	jettisoned some crucial drama .
2	jettisoned some crucial drama
2	some crucial drama
2	crucial drama
4	Just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer .
4	Just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer
4	Just about the surest bet
2	about the surest bet
3	the surest bet
2	surest bet
3	for an all-around good time at the movies this summer
4	an all-around good time at the movies this summer
3	an all-around good time at the movies
4	an all-around good time
4	all-around good time
3	good time
2	at the movies
2	the movies
2	this summer
2	It would be disingenuous to call Reno a great film , but you can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex .
2	It would be disingenuous to call Reno a great film , but you can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex
1	It would be disingenuous to call Reno a great film , but
0	It would be disingenuous to call Reno a great film ,
1	It would be disingenuous to call Reno a great film
1	would be disingenuous to call Reno a great film
1	be disingenuous to call Reno a great film
1	disingenuous to call Reno a great film
3	to call Reno a great film
4	call Reno a great film
2	call Reno
4	a great film
4	great film
2	you can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex
2	can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex
2	say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex
2	that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex
2	that about most
2	about most
2	of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex
2	the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex
2	the flicks
2	moving in and out of the multiplex
2	moving in and out
2	in and out
2	in and
2	of the multiplex
2	the multiplex
3	This is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn .
3	is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn .
3	is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn
3	a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn
2	a movie that is what it is :
2	a movie that is what it is
2	a movie
2	that is what it is
2	is what it is
2	what it is
3	it is
3	a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn
3	a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion ,
3	a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion
3	a pleasant distraction ,
3	a pleasant distraction
3	pleasant distraction
2	a Friday night diversion
2	Friday night diversion
2	night diversion
2	an excuse to eat popcorn
1	excuse to eat popcorn
3	to eat popcorn
3	eat popcorn
3	There is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling .
3	There is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling
1	There is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but
1	There is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work ,
1	There is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work
1	is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work
1	a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work
3	a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation
2	a certain sense
2	certain sense
2	of experimentation and improvisation
3	experimentation and improvisation
2	experimentation and
1	to this film that may not always work
1	this film that may not always work
2	this film
1	that may not always work
1	may not always work
2	may not always
1	may not
3	it is nevertheless compelling
3	is nevertheless compelling
2	is nevertheless
3	The Four Feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
2	The Four Feathers
2	Four Feathers
3	has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
4	has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
3	has rewards ,
3	has rewards
3	from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
3	the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
2	the exoticism
3	of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
3	its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
2	its seas
3	of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
3	sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
3	to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
3	the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
3	the fierce grandeur
3	fierce grandeur
3	of its sweeping battle scenes
3	its sweeping battle scenes
3	sweeping battle scenes
2	battle scenes
4	A delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by Michael Gondry .
4	A delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by Michael Gondry
4	A delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction
4	A delicious , quirky movie
4	delicious , quirky movie
2	, quirky movie
3	quirky movie
3	with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction
4	a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction
4	a terrific screenplay and
4	a terrific screenplay
4	terrific screenplay
3	fanciful direction
2	by Michael Gondry
2	Michael Gondry
3	This story still seems timely and important .
2	This story
3	still seems timely and important .
3	seems timely and important .
3	seems timely and important
3	timely and important
3	timely and
3	And there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after Greene 's story ends .
2	there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after Greene 's story ends .
2	's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after Greene 's story ends .
2	's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after Greene 's story ends
2	an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after Greene 's story ends
2	an element
2	of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after Greene 's story ends
3	heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after Greene 's story ends
2	to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after Greene 's story ends
2	watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after Greene 's story ends
2	watching it now ,
2	watching it now
2	watching it
2	with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after Greene 's story ends
2	older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after Greene 's story ends
3	older and wiser eyes ,
2	older and wiser eyes
2	older and wiser
2	older and
2	because we know what will happen after Greene 's story ends
2	we know what will happen after Greene 's story ends
2	know what will happen after Greene 's story ends
2	what will happen after Greene 's story ends
2	will happen after Greene 's story ends
2	happen after Greene 's story ends
2	after Greene 's story ends
2	Greene 's story ends
2	Greene 's story
2	Greene 's
3	The bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie .
3	The bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie
2	The bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but
1	The bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect ,
2	The bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect
2	The bodily function jokes
1	bodily function jokes
2	function jokes
2	are about what you 'd expect
2	about what you 'd expect
2	what you 'd expect
2	you 'd expect
2	'd expect
3	there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie
4	are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie
4	rich veins of funny stuff in this movie
2	rich veins
2	of funny stuff in this movie
3	funny stuff in this movie
3	funny stuff
2	in this movie
2	this movie
3	The performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .
3	The performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye
3	The performances are amiable and committed , and
3	The performances are amiable and committed ,
4	The performances are amiable and committed
2	The performances
3	are amiable and committed
4	amiable and committed
2	amiable and
2	the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye
2	the comedy
4	more often than not hits the bullseye
2	more often than not
2	more often
2	than not
3	hits the bullseye
3	the bullseye
3	This time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part .
3	This time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part
1	This time , the hype is quieter , and
2	This time , the hype is quieter ,
2	This time , the hype is quieter
2	This time
2	, the hype is quieter
2	the hype is quieter
1	the hype
2	is quieter
3	while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part
1	while the movie is slightly less successful than the first
2	the movie is slightly less successful than the first
2	the movie
1	is slightly less successful than the first
1	slightly less successful than the first
1	slightly less successful
1	less successful
2	than the first
2	the first
3	, it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part
4	it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part
4	's still a rollicking good time for the most part
2	's still
3	a rollicking good time for the most part
3	a rollicking good time
3	rollicking good time
3	good time
2	for the most part
2	the most part
2	most part
3	There 's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to Lau .
3	's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to Lau .
2	's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to Lau
3	's plenty to enjoy --
3	's plenty to enjoy
3	plenty to enjoy
3	to enjoy
3	in no small part thanks to Lau
2	no small part thanks to Lau
2	no small part thanks
3	small part thanks
2	part thanks
2	to Lau
1	With a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this Cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .
3	With a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages
3	a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages
3	a romantic comedy plotline
2	romantic comedy plotline
2	comedy plotline
3	straight from the ages
3	from the ages
2	the ages
1	, this Cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .
1	this Cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .
3	this Cinderella story
2	Cinderella story
1	does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .
1	does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve
1	does n't
2	have a single surprise up its sleeve
2	have a single surprise
3	a single surprise
2	single surprise
2	up its sleeve
2	its sleeve
3	But it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
3	it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
3	does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
3	does somehow manage to get you under its spell
2	does somehow
3	manage to get you under its spell
2	to get you under its spell
2	get you under its spell
3	get you
2	under its spell
2	its spell
4	Though few will argue that it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works , Invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .
3	Though few will argue that it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works
3	few will argue that it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works
3	will argue that it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works
3	argue that it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works
4	that it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works
4	it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works
4	ranks with the best of Herzog 's works
4	with the best of Herzog 's works
4	the best of Herzog 's works
4	the best
2	of Herzog 's works
2	Herzog 's works
2	Herzog 's
4	, Invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .
4	Invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .
3	shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .
4	shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film
4	he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film
3	's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film
3	's back in form ,
2	's back in form
2	's back
3	in form
3	with an astoundingly rich film
4	an astoundingly rich film
4	astoundingly rich film
4	astoundingly rich
3	`` Catch Me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark .
3	Catch Me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark .
2	Catch Me
3	'' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark .
3	feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark .
4	feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark
3	capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark
3	of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark
4	charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark
3	charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments
3	the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments
3	the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental
2	the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and
3	the masses with star power , a pop-induced score
2	the masses
3	with star power , a pop-induced score
3	star power , a pop-induced score
3	star power ,
3	star power
2	a pop-induced score
2	pop-induced score
3	that have become a Spielberg trademark
2	have become a Spielberg trademark
3	become a Spielberg trademark
3	a Spielberg trademark
2	Spielberg trademark
3	By no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .
2	By no
3	means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .
3	means a great movie
4	a great movie
4	great movie
3	, but it is a refreshingly forthright one .
3	, but it is a refreshingly forthright one
2	, but
4	it is a refreshingly forthright one
3	is a refreshingly forthright one
4	a refreshingly forthright one
3	refreshingly forthright one
3	refreshingly forthright
3	The casting of Raymond J. Barry as the ` assassin ' greatly enhances the quality of Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary .
2	The casting of Raymond J. Barry as the ` assassin '
2	The casting
2	of Raymond J. Barry as the ` assassin '
2	Raymond J. Barry as the ` assassin '
2	Raymond J. Barry
2	J. Barry
2	as the ` assassin '
2	the ` assassin '
2	` assassin '
2	assassin '
3	greatly enhances the quality of Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary .
3	enhances the quality of Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary .
3	enhances the quality of Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary
3	the quality of Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary
2	the quality
3	of Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary
3	Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary
2	Neil Burger 's
2	Burger 's
3	impressive fake documentary
1	fake documentary
3	Despite Besson 's high-profile name being Wasabi 's big selling point , there is no doubt that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .
2	Despite Besson 's high-profile name being Wasabi 's big selling point
2	Besson 's high-profile name being Wasabi 's big selling point
3	Besson 's high-profile name
2	Besson 's
3	high-profile name
3	being Wasabi 's big selling point
2	Wasabi 's big selling point
2	Wasabi 's
3	big selling point
2	selling point
4	, there is no doubt that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .
4	there is no doubt that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .
3	is no doubt that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .
4	is no doubt that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone
4	no doubt that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone
2	doubt that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone
4	that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone
4	Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone
4	deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone
3	a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone
4	a huge amount of the credit for the film
2	a huge amount
2	huge amount
2	of the credit for the film
2	the credit for the film
2	the credit
2	for the film
2	the film
3	's thoroughly winning tone
2	's thoroughly
4	winning tone
4	This documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what -LRB- Evans -RRB- had , lost , and got back .
2	This documentary
3	is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what -LRB- Evans -RRB- had , lost , and got back .
4	is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what -LRB- Evans -RRB- had , lost , and got back
3	a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what -LRB- Evans -RRB- had , lost , and got back
3	a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder
3	dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder
3	dazzling , remarkably unpretentious
3	, remarkably unpretentious
3	remarkably unpretentious
2	of what -LRB- Evans -RRB- had , lost , and got back
2	what -LRB- Evans -RRB- had , lost , and got back
2	-LRB- Evans -RRB- had , lost , and got back
3	Evans -RRB- had , lost , and got back
2	-RRB- had , lost , and got back
3	had , lost , and got back
2	had , lost , and
2	had , lost ,
2	had , lost
2	had ,
2	got back
4	A thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions .
2	A thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions
3	A thoughtful movie ,
3	A thoughtful movie
3	thoughtful movie
3	a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions
2	a movie
2	that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions
3	is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions
2	concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions
2	with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions
2	souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions
2	souls and risk and schemes and
2	souls and risk and schemes
2	souls and
2	risk and schemes
2	risk and
2	the consequences of one 's actions
1	the consequences
2	of one 's actions
2	one 's actions
2	one 's
4	As satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago ... has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .
4	As satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago
3	satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago
3	satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale
3	satisfyingly odd and intriguing
3	odd and intriguing
1	odd and
2	a tale
2	as it was a century and a half ago
2	it was a century and a half ago
2	was a century and a half ago
3	a century and a half ago
2	a century and a half
2	century and a half
2	and a half
2	a half
2	... has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .
3	has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .
3	has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency
3	a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency
2	a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and
3	a delightfully dour , deadpan tone
3	a delightfully dour ,
3	a delightfully dour
3	delightfully dour
1	deadpan tone
2	stylistic consistency
4	Methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , Secret Ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
2	Methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy
2	Methodical , measured
2	Methodical ,
3	, and gently tedious in its comedy
3	, and
1	gently tedious in its comedy
2	tedious in its comedy
2	in its comedy
2	its comedy
4	, Secret Ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
2	Secret Ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
2	Secret Ballot
3	is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
4	is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
2	a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
2	a purposefully reductive movie --
3	a purposefully reductive movie
3	purposefully reductive movie
2	purposefully reductive
3	which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
3	may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
3	be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
3	why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
4	it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
3	's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
3	so successful at lodging itself in the brain
3	successful at lodging itself in the brain
2	at lodging itself in the brain
2	lodging itself in the brain
2	lodging itself
2	in the brain
3	the brain
2	A witty , trenchant , wildly unsentimental but flawed look at the ins and outs of modern moviemaking .
1	A witty , trenchant , wildly unsentimental but flawed
3	A witty , trenchant ,
3	witty , trenchant ,
2	, trenchant ,
2	trenchant ,
1	wildly unsentimental but flawed
1	wildly unsentimental but
2	wildly unsentimental
2	look at the ins and outs of modern moviemaking .
2	look at the ins and outs of modern moviemaking
2	at the ins and outs of modern moviemaking
3	the ins and outs of modern moviemaking
2	the ins and outs
2	ins and outs
2	ins and
2	of modern moviemaking
3	modern moviemaking
3	For most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .
2	For most of the distance
1	most of the distance
2	of the distance
3	the distance
3	the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .
2	the picture
4	provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .
3	provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche
3	provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride
3	a satisfyingly unsettling ride
3	satisfyingly unsettling ride
3	satisfyingly unsettling
2	into the dark places of our national psyche
1	the dark places of our national psyche
2	the dark places
1	dark places
2	of our national psyche
2	our national psyche
2	national psyche
4	By the standards of knucklehead swill , The Hot Chick is pretty damned funny .
0	By the standards of knucklehead swill
1	the standards of knucklehead swill
2	the standards
1	of knucklehead swill
1	knucklehead swill
4	, The Hot Chick is pretty damned funny .
3	The Hot Chick is pretty damned funny .
2	The Hot Chick
2	Hot Chick
4	is pretty damned funny .
4	is pretty damned funny
3	pretty damned funny
3	damned funny
3	One of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since The Evil Dead .
3	One of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme
3	of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme
4	the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme
3	most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme
2	most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized
2	most gloriously unsubtle and
2	most gloriously unsubtle
3	gloriously unsubtle
2	shockers since The Evil Dead .
3	shockers since The Evil Dead
1	since The Evil Dead
2	The Evil Dead
2	Evil Dead
3	-LRB- Reaches -RRB- wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .
3	-LRB- Reaches -RRB- wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair
2	-LRB- Reaches -RRB-
2	Reaches -RRB-
3	wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair
3	wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths
3	wholly believable and heart-wrenching
3	believable and heart-wrenching
3	believable and
1	of despair
3	An absorbing and unsettling psychological drama .
2	An absorbing and unsettling psychological drama
3	absorbing and unsettling psychological drama
2	absorbing and unsettling psychological
2	and unsettling psychological
2	unsettling psychological
4	This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
3	This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
1	This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but
1	This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen ,
1	This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen
2	This movie
1	may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen
1	may not
4	have the highest production values you 've ever seen
4	the highest production values you 've ever seen
4	the highest production values
4	highest production values
2	production values
3	you 've ever seen
2	've ever seen
2	've ever
4	it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
3	's the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
3	the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
2	the work
3	of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
3	an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
2	an artist ,
2	an artist
3	one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
3	whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
2	whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life
2	view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life
3	of America , history and the awkwardness of human life
2	America , history and the awkwardness of human life
2	America , history and
3	America , history
2	America ,
2	the awkwardness of human life
2	the awkwardness
2	of human life
2	human life
4	is generous and deep
3	generous and deep
3	generous and
1	Though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves .
0	Though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal
1	Though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and
1	Though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent
1	Though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited
1	it 's not very well shot or composed or edited
0	's not very well shot or composed or edited
2	's not
4	very well shot or composed or edited
4	very well shot or
4	very well shot
3	very well
1	composed or edited
2	composed or
1	, the score is too insistent
1	the score is too insistent
2	the score
1	is too insistent
1	too insistent
0	the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal
2	the dialogue
1	is frequently overwrought and crudely literal
2	is frequently
0	overwrought and crudely literal
1	and crudely literal
1	crudely literal
3	, the film shatters you in waves .
4	the film shatters you in waves .
2	the film
2	shatters you in waves .
2	shatters you in waves
2	shatters you
2	in waves
4	The entire cast is extraordinarily good .
2	The entire cast
2	entire cast
4	is extraordinarily good .
4	is extraordinarily good
4	extraordinarily good
4	Yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with Shimizu is very believable .
3	Yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with Shimizu is very believable
3	Yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and
3	Yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ...
3	Yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack
2	, as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack
2	, as always ,
2	as always ,
2	as always
3	is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack
3	wonderful as the long-faced sad sack
1	as the long-faced sad sack
1	the long-faced sad sack
1	long-faced sad sack
0	sad sack
3	his chemistry with Shimizu is very believable
2	his chemistry with Shimizu
2	his chemistry
2	with Shimizu
3	is very believable
3	very believable
4	Young Hanks and Fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .
2	Young Hanks and Fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents ,
2	Young Hanks and Fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents
2	Young Hanks and Fisk ,
2	Young Hanks and Fisk
2	Hanks and Fisk
2	Hanks and
2	who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents
2	vaguely resemble their celebrity parents
3	resemble their celebrity parents
2	their celebrity parents
2	celebrity parents
3	bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .
4	bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work
3	bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera
3	fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera
3	fresh good looks and
2	fresh good looks
3	good looks
3	an ease in front of the camera
3	an ease
2	in front of the camera
2	front of the camera
2	of the camera
2	the camera
2	to the work
2	the work
3	A captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .
3	A captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller
3	A captivatingly quirky hybrid
3	captivatingly quirky hybrid
2	quirky hybrid
3	of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller
3	character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller
2	character portrait , romantic comedy and
3	character portrait , romantic comedy
2	character portrait ,
2	character portrait
2	romantic comedy
3	beat-the-clock thriller
4	The film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .
2	The film
4	sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .
2	sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects
4	with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects
3	the the wisdom and humor of its subjects
3	the the wisdom and humor
3	the wisdom and humor
3	wisdom and humor
2	wisdom and
2	of its subjects
2	its subjects
3	If -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing .
2	If -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling
2	If -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB-
2	-LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB-
2	Jaglom 's -RRB-
2	Jaglom 's
1	latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling
2	latest effort
1	is not the director at his most sparkling
1	is not
3	the director at his most sparkling
2	the director
3	at his most sparkling
4	his most sparkling
4	most sparkling
2	, some of its repartee is still worth hearing .
3	some of its repartee is still worth hearing .
2	some of its repartee
2	of its repartee
2	its repartee
3	is still worth hearing .
3	is still worth hearing
3	is still worth
2	is still
3	Like The English Patient and The Unbearable Lightness of Being , The Hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
3	Like The English Patient and The Unbearable Lightness of Being
2	The English Patient and The Unbearable Lightness of Being
2	The English Patient and
2	The English Patient
2	English Patient
3	The Unbearable Lightness of Being
2	The Unbearable Lightness
2	Unbearable Lightness
2	of Being
4	, The Hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
3	The Hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
2	The Hours
4	is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
2	is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
4	one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
4	of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
4	those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
2	those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels
1	reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels
1	`` unfilmable '' novels
1	unfilmable '' novels
2	'' novels
4	that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
4	has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
4	bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
3	bucked the odds
2	the odds
4	to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
4	emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
4	as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
4	an exquisite motion picture in its own right
4	an exquisite motion picture
3	exquisite motion picture
2	motion picture
2	in its own right
2	its own right
2	own right
4	Just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .
3	Just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years
4	Just about the best straight-up ,
3	Just about the best straight-up
3	about the best straight-up
3	the best straight-up
3	best straight-up
2	old-school horror film of the last 15 years
2	old-school horror film
2	horror film
2	of the last 15 years
2	the last 15 years
3	last 15 years
2	15 years
3	A chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th Century France : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 .
3	A chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th Century France : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933
3	A chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th Century France :
3	A chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th Century France
3	A chilling tale of one of the great crimes
3	A chilling tale of one
3	A chilling tale
1	chilling tale
2	of one
1	of the great crimes
2	the great crimes
3	great crimes
2	of 20th Century France
2	20th Century France
2	Century France
2	the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933
1	the murder
2	of two rich women by their servants in 1933
2	two rich women by their servants in 1933
2	two rich women
2	rich women
2	by their servants in 1933
2	their servants in 1933
2	their servants
2	in 1933
3	An oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion .
3	An oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion
2	An oddity , to be sure , but one
2	An oddity
2	, to be sure , but one
2	to be sure , but one
2	be sure , but one
2	be sure ,
2	be sure
2	but one
2	that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion
3	you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion
2	might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion
4	wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion
2	wind up
2	remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion
2	with a degree of affection rather than revulsion
3	a degree of affection rather than revulsion
3	a degree of affection rather than
2	a degree of affection
2	a degree
2	of affection
2	rather than
3	While the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .
1	While the film is not entirely successful
0	the film is not entirely successful
2	the film
1	is not entirely successful
1	is not
4	entirely successful
3	, it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .
2	it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .
3	still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .
3	manages to string together enough charming moments to work .
3	manages to string together enough charming moments to work
3	to string together enough charming moments to work
3	string together enough charming moments to work
3	string together enough charming moments
2	string together
3	enough charming moments
2	enough charming
2	to work
3	A winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .
4	A winning piece of work
3	A winning piece
3	winning piece
2	of work
3	filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .
3	filled with love for the movies of the 1960s
3	with love for the movies of the 1960s
3	love for the movies of the 1960s
2	for the movies of the 1960s
2	the movies of the 1960s
2	the movies
2	of the 1960s
2	the 1960s
4	E.T. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
2	works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
3	works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet
3	because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet
3	its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet
2	its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas ,
2	its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas
2	its flabbergasting principals ,
2	its flabbergasting principals
1	flabbergasting principals
2	14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas
2	14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and
2	14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore
2	14-year-old Robert MacNaughton ,
2	14-year-old Robert MacNaughton
2	Robert MacNaughton
2	6-year-old Drew Barrymore
2	Drew Barrymore
2	10-year-old Henry Thomas
2	Henry Thomas
2	convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet
2	convince us
2	of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet
2	the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet
2	the existence
3	of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet
2	the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet
3	the wise , wizened visitor
2	wise , wizened visitor
3	wise , wizened
2	, wizened
3	from a faraway planet
2	a faraway planet
2	faraway planet
2	Helps to remind the First World that HIV\/AIDS is far from being yesterday 's news .
2	Helps to remind the First World that HIV\/AIDS is far from being yesterday 's news
1	to remind the First World that HIV\/AIDS is far from being yesterday 's news
3	remind the First World that HIV\/AIDS is far from being yesterday 's news
2	remind the First World
2	the First World
3	First World
2	that HIV\/AIDS is far from being yesterday 's news
2	HIV\/AIDS is far from being yesterday 's news
2	is far from being yesterday 's news
3	far from being yesterday 's news
2	from being yesterday 's news
2	being yesterday 's news
2	being yesterday 's
2	yesterday 's
3	A heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope .
3	A heartening tale of small victories and enduring
3	A heartening tale of small victories and
3	A heartening tale of small victories
3	A heartening tale
3	heartening tale
2	of small victories
2	small victories
2	hope .
2	The vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful .
3	The vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful
2	The vistas are sweeping and
3	The vistas are sweeping
2	The vistas
3	are sweeping
3	the acting is far from painful
2	the acting
2	is far from painful
2	far from painful
2	from painful
3	Jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .
2	Jackson and co
2	Jackson and
4	have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .
3	have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema
4	brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema
2	brought back
3	the value and respect for the term epic cinema
3	the value and respect
3	value and respect
2	value and
2	for the term epic cinema
3	the term epic cinema
3	term epic cinema
4	epic cinema
3	It may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
2	may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
3	be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
4	a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
3	somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
1	somewhat backhanded
3	compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
3	to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
2	say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
3	that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
3	the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
2	the film
3	makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
2	the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
2	the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but
2	the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while ,
1	the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while
2	the viewer
1	feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while
1	like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while
1	the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while
0	the movie 's various victimized audience members
2	the movie 's
2	movie 's
1	various victimized audience members
2	victimized audience members
2	audience members
2	after a while
2	a while
3	it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
3	also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
3	happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
3	to be the movie 's most admirable quality
2	be the movie 's most admirable quality
3	the movie 's most admirable quality
2	the movie 's
2	movie 's
4	most admirable quality
3	admirable quality
4	Charlotte Sometimes is a brilliant movie .
3	Sometimes is a brilliant movie .
4	is a brilliant movie .
4	is a brilliant movie
4	a brilliant movie
4	brilliant movie
3	It is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity .
4	It is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity
2	It is about irrational , unexplainable life and
2	It is about irrational , unexplainable life
2	is about irrational , unexplainable life
2	about irrational , unexplainable life
2	irrational , unexplainable life
2	, unexplainable life
2	unexplainable life
3	it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity
3	seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity
3	seems so real
3	so real
2	because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity
3	it does not attempt to filter out the complexity
2	does not attempt to filter out the complexity
2	does not
2	attempt to filter out the complexity
2	to filter out the complexity
3	filter out the complexity
2	filter out
2	the complexity
3	A delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .
4	A delightful stimulus for the optic nerves
3	A delightful stimulus
3	delightful stimulus
2	for the optic nerves
2	the optic nerves
2	optic nerves
2	, so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .
2	so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .
2	so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels
2	much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels
2	that it 's forgivable that the plot feels
2	it 's forgivable that the plot feels
2	's forgivable that the plot feels
2	's forgivable
2	that the plot feels
2	the plot feels
2	the plot
2	like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .
1	like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow
2	every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow
2	every other tale
2	other tale
2	of a totalitarian tomorrow
2	a totalitarian tomorrow
2	totalitarian tomorrow
2	Defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone 's willingness to believe in it .
2	Defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone 's willingness to believe in it
1	Defies logic ,
2	Defies logic
2	the laws of physics and almost anyone 's willingness to believe in it
2	the laws of physics and
2	the laws of physics
2	the laws
2	of physics
3	almost anyone 's willingness to believe in it
2	almost anyone 's
2	anyone 's
3	willingness to believe in it
2	to believe in it
2	believe in it
2	in it
4	But darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .
3	darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .
2	darned if it does n't also keep us
2	if it does n't also keep us
2	it does n't also keep us
2	does n't also keep us
2	does n't also
1	does n't
2	keep us
3	riveted to our seats .
4	riveted to our seats
2	to our seats
2	our seats
3	A complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away .
2	A complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away
3	A complex psychological drama
2	complex psychological drama
2	psychological drama
2	about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away
2	a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away
2	a father
2	who returns to his son 's home after decades away
2	returns to his son 's home after decades away
2	returns to his son 's home after decades
3	returns to his son 's home
3	to his son 's home
2	his son 's home
2	his son 's
2	son 's
3	after decades
4	Writer and director Otar Iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in Venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .
4	Writer and director Otar Iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in Venice
3	Writer and director Otar Iosseliani 's pleasant tale
2	Writer and director Otar Iosseliani 's
2	and director Otar Iosseliani 's
2	director Otar Iosseliani 's
2	Otar Iosseliani 's
2	Iosseliani 's
3	pleasant tale
2	about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in Venice
2	a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in Venice
2	a factory worker
2	factory worker
2	who escapes for a holiday in Venice
2	escapes for a holiday in Venice
2	for a holiday in Venice
2	a holiday in Venice
2	a holiday
3	in Venice
3	reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .
3	reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls
3	how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls
3	we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls
2	all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls
2	need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls
3	need a playful respite
3	a playful respite
3	playful respite
2	from the grind to refresh our souls
3	the grind to refresh our souls
2	grind to refresh our souls
3	to refresh our souls
3	refresh our souls
2	our souls
2	This is NOT a retread of `` Dead Poets ' Society . ''
2	is NOT a retread of `` Dead Poets ' Society . ''
3	is NOT a retread of `` Dead Poets ' Society .
2	is NOT a retread of `` Dead Poets ' Society
1	is NOT
1	a retread of `` Dead Poets ' Society
1	a retread
2	of `` Dead Poets ' Society
2	of ``
2	Dead Poets ' Society
2	Dead Poets '
2	Poets '
4	Sweet and memorable film .
3	Sweet and memorable film
2	Sweet and
4	memorable film
3	A smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .
4	A smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy
3	A smart ,
4	A smart
0	arch and rather cold-blooded comedy
2	arch and
1	rather cold-blooded comedy
2	cold-blooded comedy
3	Keenly observed and refreshingly natural , Swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
3	Keenly observed and refreshingly natural
3	Keenly observed and
2	Keenly observed
3	refreshingly natural
3	, Swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
3	Swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
3	gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
3	gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner
2	gets the details
2	the details
3	right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner
3	, from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner
3	from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner
2	from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C.
2	its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C.
2	its promenade
2	of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C.
2	barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C.
2	barely clad bodies
2	barely clad
2	in Myrtle Beach , S.C.
2	Myrtle Beach , S.C.
2	Myrtle Beach ,
2	Myrtle Beach
3	, to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner
2	to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner
3	the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner
3	the adrenaline jolt
3	adrenaline jolt
2	of a sudden lunch rush at the diner
2	a sudden lunch rush at the diner
3	a sudden lunch rush
2	sudden lunch rush
2	lunch rush
2	at the diner
2	the diner
3	... begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully .
4	begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully .
4	begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully
3	begins on a high note and
3	begins on a high note
3	on a high note
4	a high note
3	high note
4	sustains it beautifully
3	sustains it
4	Davis ... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences .
3	... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences .
3	gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences .
3	gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences
4	gets vivid performances from her cast and
4	gets vivid performances from her cast
4	gets vivid performances
4	vivid performances
2	from her cast
2	her cast
3	pulls off some deft Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences
2	pulls off
3	some deft Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences
2	deft Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences
3	Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences
2	McBeal-style fantasy sequences
2	fantasy sequences
3	` it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
3	it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
3	's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
2	's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists
3	better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists
2	better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but
2	better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen ,
2	better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen
2	to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen
2	go in knowing full well what 's going to happen
2	in knowing full well what 's going to happen
2	knowing full well what 's going to happen
2	full well what 's going to happen
3	full well
2	what 's going to happen
2	's going to happen
2	going to happen
2	to happen
3	willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists
3	to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists
3	let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists
3	the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists
3	the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast
3	the earnestness
3	of its execution and skill of its cast
4	its execution and skill of its cast
4	its execution and skill
3	execution and skill
2	execution and
2	of its cast
2	its cast
3	take you down a familiar road with a few twists
2	take you
1	down a familiar road with a few twists
3	a familiar road with a few twists
2	a familiar road
3	familiar road
2	with a few twists
2	a few twists
2	few twists
2	Cynics need not apply . '
2	need not apply . '
1	need not apply .
1	need not apply
2	need not
4	Funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , Bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .
4	Funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad ,
3	Funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad
3	Funny ,
2	somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad
1	somber , absurd , and , finally ,
1	somber , absurd , and
1	somber , absurd ,
1	, absurd ,
1	absurd ,
2	, finally ,
2	finally ,
1	achingly sad
3	Bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .
3	is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .
2	is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking
4	a fine , understated piece of filmmaking
2	a fine ,
3	a fine
3	understated piece of filmmaking
3	understated piece
2	of filmmaking
4	`` Red Dragon '' is entertaining .
3	Red Dragon '' is entertaining .
2	Red Dragon
3	'' is entertaining .
3	is entertaining .
3	is entertaining
1	An obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ?
2	An obvious copy of one of the best films
1	An obvious copy
1	obvious copy
4	of one of the best films
4	one of the best films
4	of the best films
3	the best films
4	best films
2	ever made , how could it not be ?
2	made , how could it not be ?
2	made ,
2	how could it not be ?
2	could it not be ?
2	could it not be
2	could it
2	not be
3	But it is entertaining on an inferior level .
1	it is entertaining on an inferior level .
2	is entertaining on an inferior level .
1	is entertaining on an inferior level
1	entertaining on an inferior level
1	on an inferior level
1	an inferior level
1	inferior level
1	It is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .
1	is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .
1	is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see
1	a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see
2	a popcorn film , not a must-own , or
3	a popcorn film , not a must-own ,
2	a popcorn film , not a must-own
2	a popcorn film ,
2	a popcorn film
2	popcorn film
1	not a must-own
4	a must-own
3	even a must-see
4	a must-see
2	Succeeds only because Bullock and Grant were made to share the silver screen .
3	only because Bullock and Grant were made to share the silver screen .
2	only because Bullock and Grant
2	because Bullock and Grant
2	Bullock and Grant
2	Bullock and
3	were made to share the silver screen .
3	were made to share the silver screen
3	made to share the silver screen
3	to share the silver screen
2	share the silver screen
3	the silver screen
2	silver screen
2	Both flawed and delayed , Martin Scorcese 's Gangs of New York still emerges as his most vital work since GoodFellas .
1	Both flawed and delayed
0	flawed and delayed
1	flawed and
4	, Martin Scorcese 's Gangs of New York still emerges as his most vital work since GoodFellas .
3	Martin Scorcese 's Gangs of New York still emerges as his most vital work since GoodFellas .
2	Martin Scorcese 's Gangs of New York
2	Martin Scorcese 's Gangs
2	Martin Scorcese 's
2	Scorcese 's
2	of New York
2	New York
4	still emerges as his most vital work since GoodFellas .
4	emerges as his most vital work since GoodFellas .
4	emerges as his most vital work since GoodFellas
4	as his most vital work since GoodFellas
4	his most vital work since GoodFellas
3	his most vital work
3	most vital work
2	most vital
2	since GoodFellas
2	As any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death .
2	As any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures
2	any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures
3	any creature-feature fan
2	creature-feature fan
2	knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures
2	knows ,
2	when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures
3	you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures
2	cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures
2	cross toxic chemicals
2	toxic chemicals
2	with a bunch of exotic creatures
2	a bunch of exotic creatures
2	a bunch
3	of exotic creatures
3	exotic creatures
2	, you get a lot of running around , screaming and death .
1	you get a lot of running around , screaming and death .
2	get a lot of running around , screaming and death .
2	get a lot of running around , screaming and death
1	a lot of running around , screaming and death
2	a lot
2	of running around , screaming and death
2	running around , screaming and death
2	running around , screaming and
1	running around , screaming
2	running around ,
2	running around
4	On that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .
2	On that score
2	that score
4	, the film certainly does n't disappoint .
3	the film certainly does n't disappoint .
2	the film
3	certainly does n't disappoint .
3	does n't disappoint .
3	does n't disappoint
1	does n't
4	As the movie traces Mr. Brown 's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
2	As the movie traces Mr. Brown 's athletic exploits
2	the movie traces Mr. Brown 's athletic exploits
2	the movie
2	traces Mr. Brown 's athletic exploits
2	Mr. Brown 's athletic exploits
2	Mr. Brown 's
2	Brown 's
2	athletic exploits
3	, it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
4	it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
4	is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
4	is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
1	is impossible
3	not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
3	to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
4	be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
3	awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
3	by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
4	the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
3	the power and grace
3	power and grace
2	power and
3	of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
3	one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
3	of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
4	the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
3	the greatest natural sportsmen
4	greatest natural sportsmen
3	natural sportsmen
2	of modern times
2	modern times
4	A moving and solidly entertaining comedy\/drama that should bolster director and co-writer Juan José Campanella 's reputation in the United States .
4	A moving and solidly entertaining comedy\/drama that should bolster director and co-writer
4	A moving and solidly entertaining comedy\/drama
4	moving and solidly entertaining comedy\/drama
3	moving and solidly entertaining
2	moving and
4	solidly entertaining
3	that should bolster director and co-writer
3	should bolster director and co-writer
3	bolster director and co-writer
2	director and co-writer
2	director and
2	Juan José Campanella 's reputation in the United States .
2	Juan José Campanella 's reputation in the United States
2	José Campanella 's reputation in the United States
2	José Campanella 's reputation
2	José Campanella 's
2	Campanella 's
2	in the United States
2	the United States
3	United States
4	Thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .
4	Thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances
3	to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances
4	confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances
3	confident filmmaking and
3	confident filmmaking
3	a pair of fascinating performances
2	a pair
4	of fascinating performances
2	fascinating performances
3	, the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .
2	the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .
2	the way to that destination
2	the way
2	to that destination
2	that destination
3	is a really special walk in the woods .
3	is a really special walk in the woods
3	a really special walk in the woods
3	a really special walk
4	really special walk
3	special walk
2	in the woods
2	the woods
4	Beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it 's a lyrical endeavour .
4	Beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances
4	Beautifully shot , delicately
4	Beautifully shot ,
4	Beautifully shot
3	scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances
3	scored and powered
2	scored and
3	by a set of heartfelt performances
3	a set of heartfelt performances
2	a set
3	of heartfelt performances
3	heartfelt performances
4	, it 's a lyrical endeavour .
3	it 's a lyrical endeavour .
3	's a lyrical endeavour .
2	's a lyrical endeavour
2	a lyrical endeavour
2	lyrical endeavour
3	A macabre and very stylized Swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .
2	A macabre and very
2	macabre and very
1	macabre and
3	stylized Swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .
3	stylized Swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters
3	stylized Swedish fillm about a modern city
3	stylized Swedish fillm
2	Swedish fillm
2	about a modern city
2	a modern city
2	modern city
2	where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters
2	all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters
2	all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place
2	all the religious and civic virtues
2	the religious and civic virtues
2	religious and civic virtues
2	and civic virtues
2	civic virtues
2	that hold society in place
3	hold society in place
2	society in place
2	in place
1	are in tatters
1	in tatters
4	A stylistic romp that 's always fun to watch .
3	A stylistic
3	romp that 's always fun to watch .
3	romp that 's always fun to watch
3	that 's always fun to watch
3	's always fun to watch
2	's always
3	fun to watch
2	to watch
4	Informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .
3	Informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ...
4	Informative , intriguing , observant , often touching
3	Informative , intriguing , observant ,
3	Informative , intriguing , observant
3	Informative ,
3	intriguing , observant
2	, observant
3	often touching
3	gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .
3	gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms
2	gives a human face
2	a human face
2	human face
2	to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms
2	what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms
2	's often discussed in purely abstract terms
2	's often
2	discussed in purely abstract terms
2	in purely abstract terms
2	purely abstract terms
3	purely abstract
4	... once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .
4	once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .
2	once the true impact of the day unfolds
2	the true impact of the day unfolds
3	the true impact of the day
3	the true impact
3	true impact
2	of the day
2	the day
3	, the power of this movie is undeniable .
4	the power of this movie is undeniable .
3	the power of this movie
3	the power
2	of this movie
2	this movie
2	is undeniable .
2	is undeniable
4	An honest , sensitive story from a Vietnamese point of view .
3	An honest , sensitive story from a Vietnamese point of view
3	An honest , sensitive story from a Vietnamese point
3	An honest , sensitive story
3	honest , sensitive story
2	, sensitive story
3	sensitive story
2	from a Vietnamese point
2	a Vietnamese point
2	Vietnamese point
2	of view
3	A buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together .
4	A buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together
3	A buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth
3	A buoyant romantic comedy
4	buoyant romantic comedy
2	romantic comedy
3	about friendship , love , and the truth
3	friendship , love , and the truth
4	friendship , love , and
2	friendship , love ,
3	friendship , love
3	friendship ,
2	the truth
2	that we 're all in this together
2	we 're all in this together
3	're all in this together
2	're all in this
2	all in this
2	in this
4	The film 's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them .
4	The film 's intimate camera work and searing performances
3	The film 's intimate camera work and
3	The film 's intimate camera work
2	The film 's
2	film 's
2	intimate camera work
2	camera work
3	searing performances
3	pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them .
3	pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them
3	us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them
1	deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them
2	deep into the girls ' confusion and pain
2	into the girls ' confusion and pain
2	the girls ' confusion and pain
2	the girls '
2	girls '
0	confusion and pain
1	confusion and
2	as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them
2	they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them
3	struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them
1	struggle tragically
2	to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them
3	comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them
2	the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them
2	the chasm of knowledge
2	the chasm
2	of knowledge
2	that 's opened between them
2	's opened between them
2	opened between them
2	between them
3	It 's the perfect star vehicle for Grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .
3	's the perfect star vehicle for Grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .
4	's the perfect star vehicle for Grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona
3	's the perfect star vehicle for Grant ,
3	's the perfect star vehicle for Grant
4	the perfect star vehicle for Grant
3	the perfect star vehicle
2	perfect star vehicle
2	star vehicle
2	for Grant
2	allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona
2	him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona
2	to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona
3	finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona
3	move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona
2	move away
1	from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona
2	his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona
1	usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona
2	bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona
2	, tongue-tied screen persona
2	tongue-tied screen persona
2	screen persona
3	Gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , -LRB- Harris -RRB- brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging Sandeman .
2	Gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , -LRB- Harris -RRB-
3	Gaunt , silver-haired and leonine ,
2	Gaunt , silver-haired and leonine
2	, silver-haired and leonine
2	silver-haired and leonine
2	silver-haired and
2	-LRB- Harris -RRB-
2	Harris -RRB-
2	brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging Sandeman .
3	brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging Sandeman
2	a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging Sandeman
3	a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and
3	a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit
1	a tragic dimension and
1	a tragic dimension
2	tragic dimension
3	savage full-bodied wit
3	full-bodied wit
2	cunning to the aging Sandeman
2	to the aging Sandeman
2	the aging Sandeman
1	aging Sandeman
2	A disturbing examination of what appears to be the definition of a ` bad ' police shooting .
2	A disturbing examination of what
2	A disturbing examination
3	disturbing examination
2	of what
1	appears to be the definition of a ` bad ' police shooting .
1	appears to be the definition of a ` bad ' police shooting
1	to be the definition of a ` bad ' police shooting
1	be the definition of a ` bad ' police shooting
1	the definition of a ` bad ' police shooting
2	the definition
2	of a ` bad ' police shooting
1	a ` bad ' police shooting
2	a ` bad ' police
2	` bad ' police
1	bad ' police
2	' police
2	It 's been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our Hollywood has all but lost .
2	's been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our Hollywood has all but lost .
3	's been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our Hollywood has all but lost
2	been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our Hollywood has all but lost
2	made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our Hollywood has all but lost
2	made with an innocent yet fervid conviction
3	with an innocent yet fervid conviction
2	an innocent yet fervid conviction
2	innocent yet fervid conviction
3	innocent yet fervid
2	innocent yet
2	that our Hollywood has all but lost
1	our Hollywood has all but lost
2	our Hollywood
1	has all but lost
2	has all but
2	all but
3	Not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made .
2	Not only
3	a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made .
3	a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made
2	a reminder
2	of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made
3	how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made
2	they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made
2	used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made
2	used to make movies , but also
2	used to make movies , but
2	used to make movies ,
2	used to make movies
2	to make movies
2	make movies
2	how they sometimes still can be made
3	they sometimes still can be made
2	sometimes still can be made
2	still can be made
3	can be made
2	be made
3	A three-hour cinema master class .
3	three-hour cinema master class .
3	cinema master class .
3	master class .
2	class .
3	Eyre is on his way to becoming the American Indian Spike Lee .
4	is on his way to becoming the American Indian Spike Lee .
3	is on his way to becoming the American Indian Spike Lee
3	on his way to becoming the American Indian Spike Lee
3	his way to becoming the American Indian Spike Lee
2	his way
2	to becoming the American Indian Spike Lee
2	becoming the American Indian Spike Lee
2	the American Indian Spike Lee
2	American Indian Spike Lee
2	Indian Spike Lee
2	Spike Lee
3	A witty , whimsical feature debut .
4	A witty , whimsical feature debut
3	A witty , whimsical feature
4	witty , whimsical feature
3	, whimsical feature
2	whimsical feature
4	Warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .
3	Warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people
2	in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people
2	its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people
3	its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction
3	loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction
0	yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction
1	yet unforgivingly inconsistent
0	unforgivingly inconsistent
2	of everyday people
2	everyday people
4	, relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .
4	relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .
3	relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message
3	relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and
3	relaxed in its perfect quiet pace
3	in its perfect quiet pace
3	its perfect quiet pace
3	perfect quiet pace
2	quiet pace
3	proud in its message
2	in its message
2	its message
4	I loved this film .
4	loved this film .
4	loved this film
2	this film
2	It provides a grim , upsetting glimpse at the lives of some of the 1.2 million Palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of Gaza .
2	provides a grim , upsetting glimpse at the lives of some of the 1.2 million Palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of Gaza .
3	provides a grim , upsetting glimpse at the lives of some of the 1.2 million Palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of Gaza
1	provides a grim , upsetting glimpse
2	a grim , upsetting glimpse
1	grim , upsetting glimpse
2	, upsetting glimpse
1	upsetting glimpse
2	at the lives of some of the 1.2 million Palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of Gaza
2	the lives of some of the 1.2 million Palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of Gaza
2	the lives
2	of some of the 1.2 million Palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of Gaza
2	some of the 1.2 million Palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of Gaza
2	of the 1.2 million Palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of Gaza
2	the 1.2 million Palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of Gaza
1	the 1.2 million Palestinians
2	1.2 million Palestinians
2	1.2 million
2	who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of Gaza
2	live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of Gaza
2	in the crowded cities and refugee camps of Gaza
1	the crowded cities and refugee camps of Gaza
1	the crowded cities and refugee camps
2	crowded cities and refugee camps
2	cities and refugee camps
2	and refugee camps
2	refugee camps
2	of Gaza
3	Clint Eastwood 's Blood Work is a lot like a well-made PB & J sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
2	Clint Eastwood 's Blood Work
2	Clint Eastwood 's
2	Eastwood 's
2	Blood Work
3	is a lot like a well-made PB & J sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
3	is a lot like a well-made PB & J sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same
3	a lot like a well-made PB & J sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same
3	a lot like a well-made PB & J sandwich :
4	a lot like a well-made PB & J sandwich
2	a lot
3	like a well-made PB & J sandwich
3	a well-made PB & J sandwich
3	well-made PB & J sandwich
2	PB & J sandwich
2	& J sandwich
2	J sandwich
3	familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same
2	, fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same
2	fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same
1	fairly uneventful and
1	fairly uneventful
2	boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same
3	no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same
1	no real surprises
2	real surprises
4	-- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same
3	but still quite tasty and inviting all the same
2	but still
3	quite tasty and inviting all the same
3	quite tasty and
3	quite tasty
3	inviting all the same
2	all the same
2	the same
3	A movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of Cho 's fans .
2	A movie that will surely be profane , politically
2	A movie
2	that will surely be profane , politically
1	will surely be profane , politically
2	will surely
2	be profane , politically
1	be profane ,
1	be profane
3	charged music to the ears of Cho 's fans .
3	charged music to the ears of Cho 's fans
2	charged music
2	to the ears of Cho 's fans
2	the ears of Cho 's fans
2	the ears
2	of Cho 's fans
2	Cho 's fans
2	Cho 's
3	Much of this slick and sprightly CGI feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .
3	Much of this slick and sprightly CGI feature
3	of this slick and sprightly CGI feature
3	this slick and sprightly CGI feature
3	slick and sprightly CGI feature
2	slick and sprightly
3	slick and
2	CGI feature
3	is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .
3	is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings
3	is sufficiently funny
2	sufficiently funny
3	to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings
3	amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings
3	amuse even
2	the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings
1	the most resolutely unreligious parents
2	most resolutely unreligious parents
2	most resolutely unreligious
2	resolutely unreligious
2	who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings
2	escort their little ones to megaplex screenings
2	escort their little ones
2	their little ones
2	little ones
2	to megaplex screenings
2	megaplex screenings
3	Rarely , a movie is more than a movie .
2	, a movie is more than a movie .
3	a movie is more than a movie .
2	a movie
3	is more than a movie .
3	is more than a movie
3	more than a movie
3	more than a
2	than a
2	Go .
3	Jacquot 's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
2	Jacquot 's strategy
2	Jacquot 's
3	allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
4	allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself
3	allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ...
3	allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances
2	allows his cast
2	his cast
3	the benefit of being able to give full performances
2	the benefit
3	of being able to give full performances
3	being able to give full performances
3	able to give full performances
2	to give full performances
3	give full performances
2	full performances
3	while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself
4	demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself
3	demonstrating vividly
3	that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself
3	the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself
4	the beauty and power of the opera
3	the beauty and power
2	beauty and power
2	beauty and
2	of the opera
2	the opera
2	reside primarily in the music itself
2	reside primarily
2	in the music itself
2	the music itself
2	the music
2	Quitting delivers a sucker-punch , and its impact is all the greater beause director Zhang 's last film , the cuddly Shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house .
3	Quitting delivers a sucker-punch , and its impact is all the greater beause director Zhang 's last film , the cuddly Shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house
2	Quitting delivers a sucker-punch , and
2	Quitting delivers a sucker-punch ,
2	Quitting delivers a sucker-punch
2	delivers a sucker-punch
1	a sucker-punch
3	its impact is all the greater beause director Zhang 's last film , the cuddly Shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house
2	its impact
3	is all the greater beause director Zhang 's last film , the cuddly Shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house
2	is all
3	the greater beause director Zhang 's last film , the cuddly Shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house
3	the greater beause director
3	greater beause director
2	beause director
2	Zhang 's last film , the cuddly Shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house
3	Zhang 's last film , the cuddly Shower ,
2	Zhang 's last film , the cuddly Shower
2	Zhang 's last film ,
1	Zhang 's last film
2	Zhang 's
2	last film
3	the cuddly Shower
2	cuddly Shower
2	was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house
2	a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house
3	a non-threatening multi-character piece
2	non-threatening multi-character piece
2	multi-character piece
2	centered around a public bath house
2	around a public bath house
2	a public bath house
2	public bath house
2	bath house
3	By not averting his eyes , Solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable .
2	By not averting his eyes
2	not averting his eyes
2	averting his eyes
2	his eyes
2	, Solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable .
2	Solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable .
2	forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable .
3	forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable
2	us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable
1	to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable
2	consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable
1	the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable
2	the unthinkable ,
2	the unthinkable
1	the unacceptable , the unmentionable
0	the unacceptable ,
0	the unacceptable
1	the unmentionable
1	One Hour Photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin .
1	One Hour Photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin
1	One Hour Photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but
1	One Hour Photo may seem disappointing in its generalities ,
1	One Hour Photo may seem disappointing in its generalities
2	One Hour Photo
2	Hour Photo
1	may seem disappointing in its generalities
0	seem disappointing in its generalities
1	seem disappointing
2	in its generalities
2	its generalities
1	it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin
1	's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin
2	the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin
1	the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen ,
2	the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen
1	the little nuances
2	little nuances
2	that perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen
2	perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen
2	had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen
1	had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny
1	to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny
2	escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny
1	from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny
2	director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny
2	director Mark Romanek 's
2	Mark Romanek 's
2	Romanek 's
2	self-conscious scrutiny
2	to happen
2	that finally get under your skin
2	finally get under your skin
2	get under your skin
2	under your skin
2	your skin
4	While general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of Cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
2	While general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of Cuban music
1	general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of Cuban music
2	general audiences
2	might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of Cuban music
2	might not
4	come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of Cuban music
2	come away
2	with a greater knowledge of the facts of Cuban music
2	a greater knowledge of the facts of Cuban music
3	a greater knowledge
2	greater knowledge
2	of the facts of Cuban music
2	the facts of Cuban music
2	the facts
2	of Cuban music
2	Cuban music
3	, they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
3	they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
3	'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
3	'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds
4	be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds
3	treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds
4	to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds
4	an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds
4	an impressive and highly entertaining celebration
3	impressive and highly entertaining celebration
4	impressive and highly entertaining
4	impressive and
4	highly entertaining
2	of its sounds
2	its sounds
4	A fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
4	A fascinating documentary
4	fascinating documentary
3	that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
2	provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
3	a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
3	a rounded and revealing overview
3	rounded and revealing overview
3	rounded and revealing
2	rounded and
2	of this ancient holistic healing system
2	this ancient holistic healing system
2	ancient holistic healing system
2	holistic healing system
2	healing system
3	Birthday Girl lucks out with Chaplin and Kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns .
2	Birthday Girl
2	lucks out with Chaplin and Kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns .
3	lucks out with Chaplin and Kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns
2	lucks out
3	with Chaplin and Kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns
3	Chaplin and Kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns
2	Chaplin and Kidman ,
2	Chaplin and Kidman
2	Chaplin and
4	who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns
3	are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns
3	are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma
3	capable of anteing up some movie star charisma
2	of anteing up some movie star charisma
3	anteing up some movie star charisma
2	anteing up
3	some movie star charisma
3	movie star charisma
4	star charisma
3	when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns
2	when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but
2	when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story ,
2	when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story
1	they need it to sell us on this twisted love story
2	need it to sell us on this twisted love story
2	it to sell us on this twisted love story
3	to sell us on this twisted love story
3	sell us on this twisted love story
2	sell us
2	on this twisted love story
2	this twisted love story
2	twisted love story
2	love story
2	who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns
1	can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns
2	can also
2	negotiate the movie 's darker turns
2	the movie 's darker turns
2	the movie 's
2	movie 's
1	darker turns
3	An interesting look behind the scenes of Chicago-based rock group Wilco ...
2	An interesting look behind the scenes of Chicago-based rock group Wilco
4	An interesting look
3	interesting look
3	behind the scenes of Chicago-based rock group Wilco
2	the scenes of Chicago-based rock group Wilco
2	the scenes
2	of Chicago-based rock group Wilco
2	Chicago-based rock group Wilco
2	rock group Wilco
2	group Wilco
3	Sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative .
3	Sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness
2	Sharp edges and
2	Sharp edges
1	a deep vein of sadness
2	a deep vein
1	deep vein
2	of sadness
3	run through its otherwise comic narrative .
2	run through its otherwise comic narrative
3	through its otherwise comic narrative
3	its otherwise comic narrative
4	otherwise comic narrative
3	otherwise comic
3	There 's lots of cool stuff packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X.
4	's lots of cool stuff packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X.
4	lots of cool stuff packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X.
3	of cool stuff packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X.
4	cool stuff packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X.
3	cool stuff
2	packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X.
2	into ESPN 's Ultimate X.
2	ESPN 's Ultimate X.
2	ESPN 's
2	Ultimate X.
3	Rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle
4	Rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out
4	Rock solid family fun out of the gates ,
3	Rock solid family fun out of the gates
4	Rock solid family fun out
4	Rock solid family fun
3	solid family fun
3	family fun
2	of the gates
2	the gates
3	extremely imaginative through out
3	imaginative through out
2	through out
1	, but wanes in the middle
2	, but
2	wanes in the middle
2	in the middle
2	the middle
0	The Ya-Ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .
1	The Ya-Ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better
2	The Ya-Ya 's have many secrets and one is -
2	The Ya-Ya 's have many secrets and one is
2	The Ya-Ya 's have many secrets and
2	The Ya-Ya 's have many secrets
2	The Ya-Ya 's
3	Ya-Ya 's
2	have many secrets
2	many secrets
2	one is
1	the books are better
2	the books
2	are better
3	Translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be Ya-Ya .
3	Translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be Ya-Ya
2	Translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but
2	Translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task
3	Translating complex characters from novels to the big screen
2	Translating complex characters
3	complex characters
2	from novels to the big screen
3	novels to the big screen
2	to the big screen
2	the big screen
2	big screen
1	is an impossible task
2	an impossible task
1	impossible task
2	they are true to the essence of what it is to be Ya-Ya
3	are true to the essence of what it is to be Ya-Ya
3	true to the essence of what it is to be Ya-Ya
2	to the essence of what it is to be Ya-Ya
3	the essence of what it is to be Ya-Ya
2	the essence
2	of what it is to be Ya-Ya
2	what it is to be Ya-Ya
3	it is to be Ya-Ya
2	is to be Ya-Ya
2	to be Ya-Ya
2	be Ya-Ya
3	The touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible .
3	The touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible
3	The touch is generally light enough and
3	The touch is generally light enough
3	The touch
3	is generally light enough
3	generally light enough
3	light enough
3	the performances , for the most part , credible
2	the performances
3	, for the most part , credible
3	for the most part , credible
2	for the most part
2	the most part
2	most part
3	, credible
3	I liked About Schmidt a lot , but I have a feeling that I would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed .
3	I liked About Schmidt a lot , but I have a feeling that I would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed
2	I liked About Schmidt a lot , but
4	I liked About Schmidt a lot ,
3	I liked About Schmidt a lot
3	liked About Schmidt a lot
2	About Schmidt a lot
2	About Schmidt
2	a lot
1	I have a feeling that I would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed
1	have a feeling that I would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed
2	a feeling that I would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed
2	a feeling
1	that I would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed
0	I would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed
1	would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed
2	have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed
1	liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed
2	it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed
2	much more if Harry & Tonto never existed
2	much more
2	if Harry & Tonto never existed
2	Harry & Tonto never existed
2	Harry & Tonto
2	Harry &
1	never existed
2	Steers has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* holes .
3	has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* holes .
3	has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* holes
3	an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* holes
3	an unexpectedly adamant streak
3	unexpectedly adamant streak
2	unexpectedly adamant
2	of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* holes
2	warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* holes
3	warm-blooded empathy
1	for all his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* holes
1	all his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* holes
1	his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* holes
2	his disparate Manhattan denizens --
2	his disparate Manhattan denizens
2	disparate Manhattan denizens
2	Manhattan denizens
2	especially the a \*\* holes
2	especially the
1	a \*\* holes
1	\*\* holes
4	That Storytelling has value can not be denied .
2	That Storytelling
3	has value can not be denied .
3	has value can not be denied
3	value can not be denied
2	can not be denied
2	can not
2	be denied
1	Not even Solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
2	Not even Solondz 's thirst for controversy
2	even Solondz 's thirst for controversy
2	Solondz 's thirst for controversy
2	Solondz 's thirst
2	Solondz 's
3	for controversy
1	, sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
1	sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
0	sketchy characters and immature provocations
2	characters and immature provocations
1	and immature provocations
1	immature provocations
1	can fully succeed at cheapening it .
2	can fully succeed at cheapening it
2	can fully
0	succeed at cheapening it
1	at cheapening it
1	cheapening it
1	Once the downward spiral comes to pass , Auto Focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...
2	Once the downward spiral comes to pass
1	the downward spiral comes to pass
1	the downward spiral
2	downward spiral
2	comes to pass
2	to pass
1	, Auto Focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...
1	Auto Focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...
2	Auto Focus
2	bears out as your typical junkie opera ...
0	bears out as your typical junkie opera
2	bears out
2	as your typical junkie opera
1	your typical junkie opera
1	typical junkie opera
2	junkie opera
4	A knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite Son of the Bride .
4	A knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth
2	A knowing sense of humor and
3	A knowing sense of humor
2	A knowing sense
2	knowing sense
2	of humor
3	a lot of warmth
2	a lot
3	of warmth
2	ignite Son of the Bride .
2	ignite Son of the Bride
2	Son of the Bride
2	of the Bride
2	the Bride
3	A rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .
3	A rich tale of our times
4	A rich tale
3	rich tale
2	of our times
2	our times
3	, very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .
2	very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .
3	very well
3	told with an appropriate minimum of means .
2	told with an appropriate minimum of means
3	with an appropriate minimum of means
2	an appropriate minimum of means
2	an appropriate minimum
2	appropriate minimum
2	of means
4	The characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .
2	The characters
4	are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .
4	are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life
3	are complex and quirky , but entirely believable
3	complex and quirky , but entirely believable
3	complex and quirky , but
3	complex and quirky ,
3	complex and quirky
2	complex and
3	entirely believable
3	as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life
3	the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life
4	the remarkable ensemble cast
3	remarkable ensemble cast
3	ensemble cast
3	brings them to life
2	brings them
2	to life
3	In all fairness , I must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
3	In all fairness
2	all fairness
3	, I must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
3	I must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
2	must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
3	must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks
4	report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks
3	that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks
3	the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks
2	the children of varying ages in my audience
2	the children
2	of varying ages in my audience
2	varying ages in my audience
2	varying ages
2	in my audience
2	my audience
3	never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks
2	coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks
2	coughed , fidgeted or
2	coughed , fidgeted
2	coughed ,
0	romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks
2	romped up and down
2	up and down
2	up and
2	the aisles for bathroom breaks
2	the aisles
1	for bathroom breaks
2	bathroom breaks
4	As gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting .
2	As gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be
1	gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be
1	gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation
1	as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation
1	the scenes of torture and self-mutilation
2	the scenes
1	of torture and self-mutilation
0	torture and self-mutilation
1	torture and
2	may be
4	, they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting .
4	they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting .
4	are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting .
4	are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting
3	pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting
3	against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting
4	shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting
4	shimmering cinematography
3	that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting
3	lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting
2	lends the setting
2	the setting
3	the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting
4	the ethereal beauty
3	ethereal beauty
2	of an Asian landscape painting
3	an Asian landscape painting
2	Asian landscape painting
2	landscape painting
3	Efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .
3	Efficient , suitably anonymous chiller
3	Efficient ,
3	suitably anonymous chiller
3	anonymous chiller
2	Gorgeous scenes , masterful performances , but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative left an acrid test in this gourmet 's mouth .
3	Gorgeous scenes , masterful performances , but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative
4	Gorgeous scenes , masterful performances ,
4	Gorgeous scenes , masterful performances
4	Gorgeous scenes ,
4	Gorgeous scenes
4	masterful performances
2	but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative
1	the sickly sweet gender normative narrative
3	sickly sweet gender normative narrative
0	sickly sweet
2	gender normative narrative
2	normative narrative
0	left an acrid test in this gourmet 's mouth .
0	left an acrid test in this gourmet 's mouth
1	left an acrid test
1	an acrid test
2	acrid test
2	in this gourmet 's mouth
2	this gourmet 's mouth
2	this gourmet 's
2	gourmet 's
3	The hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the Sally Jesse Raphael atmosphere of films like Philadelphia and American Beauty .
2	The hot topics of the plot
2	The hot topics
3	hot topics
2	of the plot
2	the plot
3	are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the Sally Jesse Raphael atmosphere of films like Philadelphia and American Beauty .
3	are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the Sally Jesse Raphael atmosphere of films like Philadelphia and American Beauty
3	relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the Sally Jesse Raphael atmosphere of films like Philadelphia and American Beauty
3	relegated to the background -- a welcome step
3	to the background -- a welcome step
3	the background -- a welcome step
2	the background --
2	the background
3	a welcome step
3	welcome step
2	forward from the Sally Jesse Raphael atmosphere of films like Philadelphia and American Beauty
2	from the Sally Jesse Raphael atmosphere of films like Philadelphia and American Beauty
3	the Sally Jesse Raphael atmosphere of films like Philadelphia and American Beauty
1	the Sally Jesse Raphael atmosphere
2	Sally Jesse Raphael atmosphere
2	Jesse Raphael atmosphere
2	Raphael atmosphere
2	of films like Philadelphia and American Beauty
2	films like Philadelphia and American Beauty
2	like Philadelphia and American Beauty
2	Philadelphia and American Beauty
2	Philadelphia and American
2	Philadelphia and
3	It 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but Olympia , Wash. , based filmmakers Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting .
3	It 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but Olympia , Wash. , based filmmakers Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
2	It 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but
0	It 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them ,
1	It 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them
1	's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them
2	's usually
0	a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them
1	a bad sign
1	bad sign
2	when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them
3	directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them
1	abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them
2	abandon their scripts and
2	abandon their scripts
2	their scripts
3	go where the moment takes them
2	where the moment takes them
2	the moment takes them
2	the moment
2	takes them
3	Olympia , Wash. , based filmmakers Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
2	Olympia , Wash. ,
2	Olympia , Wash.
2	Olympia ,
4	based filmmakers Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
3	filmmakers Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
2	filmmakers Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman
2	Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman
2	de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman
2	Marcken and Marilyn Freeman
2	and Marilyn Freeman
2	Marilyn Freeman
3	did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
3	just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
3	that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
3	and it 's what makes their project so interesting
3	it 's what makes their project so interesting
3	's what makes their project so interesting
3	what makes their project so interesting
3	makes their project so interesting
3	their project so interesting
2	their project
4	so interesting
3	A memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .
3	A memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues
3	A memorable experience
3	memorable experience
2	that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues
2	, like many of his works , presents weighty issues
2	like many of his works , presents weighty issues
3	like many of his works
2	many of his works
2	of his works
2	his works
2	, presents weighty issues
2	presents weighty issues
2	weighty issues
3	colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .
2	wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .
2	wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill
2	wrapped up
2	in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill
2	his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill
1	his own idiosyncratic strain
2	own idiosyncratic strain
2	idiosyncratic strain
2	of kitschy goodwill
3	kitschy goodwill
4	Executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted Scrooge could fail to respond .
3	Executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted Scrooge could fail to respond
4	Executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and
4	Executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor
4	Executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity ,
3	Executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity
2	with such gentle but insistent sincerity
2	such gentle but insistent sincerity
3	gentle but insistent sincerity
3	gentle but insistent
3	gentle but
3	with such good humor
3	such good humor
4	good humor
3	appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted Scrooge could fail to respond
3	appreciation of the daily
2	of the daily
2	the daily
3	grind that only the most hardhearted Scrooge could fail to respond
2	that only the most hardhearted Scrooge could fail to respond
3	only the most hardhearted Scrooge could fail to respond
2	only the most hardhearted Scrooge
2	the most hardhearted Scrooge
2	most hardhearted Scrooge
1	hardhearted Scrooge
1	could fail to respond
2	fail to respond
2	to respond
3	The gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of Chris Fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel .
3	The gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang
3	The gentle comic treatment
2	gentle comic treatment
2	comic treatment
1	of adolescent sturm und drang
2	adolescent sturm und drang
2	sturm und drang
2	und drang
3	should please fans of Chris Fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel .
3	should please fans of Chris Fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel
3	please fans of Chris Fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel
2	fans of Chris Fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel
2	of Chris Fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel
2	Chris Fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel
2	Chris Fuhrman 's
2	Fuhrman 's
2	posthumously published cult novel
2	posthumously published
2	cult novel
3	Director Claude Chabrol has become the master of innuendo .
3	Director Claude Chabrol
2	Claude Chabrol
3	has become the master of innuendo .
3	has become the master of innuendo
3	become the master of innuendo
3	the master of innuendo
2	the master
2	of innuendo
2	It is not what you see , it is what you think you see .
2	It is not what you see
2	is not what you see
1	is not
2	what you see
2	you see
2	, it is what you think you see .
2	it is what you think you see .
2	is what you think you see .
2	is what you think you see
2	what you think you see
2	you think you see
2	think you see
2	you see
4	A deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed .
4	A deftly entertaining film
4	deftly entertaining film
3	entertaining film
4	, smartly played and smartly directed .
4	smartly played and smartly directed .
4	played and smartly directed .
4	played and smartly directed
3	played and smartly
2	played and
1	A documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .
1	A documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it
1	documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it
1	to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it
1	make the stones weep -- as shameful as it
3	make the stones weep -- as shameful
3	make the stones weep --
3	make the stones weep
2	the stones weep
2	the stones
1	as shameful
2	as it
2	is scary .
2	is scary
4	I hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .
2	hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .
3	hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness
3	the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness
2	the movie
3	is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness
2	is widely
3	seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness
2	seen and debated
2	seen and
3	with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness
3	appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness
3	ferocity and thoughtfulness
3	ferocity and
2	A thought-provoking look at how Western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures .
2	A thought-provoking
2	look at how Western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures .
1	look at how Western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures
2	at how Western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures
2	how Western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures
1	Western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures
2	Western foreign policy - however well intentioned -
2	Western foreign policy
2	foreign policy
2	- however well intentioned -
2	however well intentioned -
1	however well intentioned
3	well intentioned
1	can wreak havoc in other cultures
1	wreak havoc in other cultures
2	wreak havoc
2	in other cultures
2	other cultures
3	Asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema 's capability for recording truth .
2	Asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically
2	what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically
2	truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically
2	can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically
2	be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically
2	discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically
2	discerned from non-firsthand experience , and
2	discerned from non-firsthand experience ,
2	discerned from non-firsthand experience
2	from non-firsthand experience
1	non-firsthand experience
1	questions cinema 's capability for recording truth .
1	questions cinema 's capability for recording truth
2	cinema 's capability for recording truth
2	cinema 's capability
2	cinema 's
2	for recording truth
2	recording truth
3	The journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough .
3	The journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough
2	The journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and
3	The journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure ,
2	The journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure
3	The journey to the secret 's eventual discovery
2	The journey
2	to the secret 's eventual discovery
3	the secret 's eventual discovery
2	the secret 's
2	secret 's
3	eventual discovery
2	is a separate adventure
2	a separate adventure
2	separate adventure
2	thrill enough
3	A quiet , disquieting triumph .
3	A quiet , disquieting triumph
2	A quiet ,
2	A quiet
3	disquieting triumph
4	Darkly funny and frequently insightful .
3	Darkly funny and frequently insightful
3	Darkly funny and
3	Darkly funny
2	frequently insightful
3	... the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with Musset unfolds as Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .
3	the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with Musset unfolds as Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .
2	the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with Musset
2	the tale
2	of her passionate , tumultuous affair with Musset
3	her passionate , tumultuous affair with Musset
3	her passionate , tumultuous affair
3	passionate , tumultuous affair
2	, tumultuous affair
2	tumultuous affair
2	with Musset
4	unfolds as Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .
3	unfolds as Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form
3	as Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form
3	Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form
3	Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty ,
3	Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty
2	Sand 's masculine persona ,
3	Sand 's masculine persona
2	Sand 's
2	masculine persona
3	with its love of life and beauty
3	its love of life and beauty
3	its love
2	of life and beauty
3	life and beauty
2	life and
3	takes form
2	If you want to see a train wreck that you ca n't look away from , then look no further , because here it is .
2	If you want to see a train wreck that you ca n't look away from
2	you want to see a train wreck that you ca n't look away from
2	want to see a train wreck that you ca n't look away from
2	to see a train wreck that you ca n't look away from
0	see a train wreck that you ca n't look away from
1	see a train wreck
0	a train wreck
1	train wreck
3	that you ca n't look away from
3	you ca n't look away from
3	ca n't look away from
2	ca n't
2	look away from
2	look away
3	, then look no further , because here it is .
3	then look no further , because here it is .
3	look no further , because here it is .
2	look no further , because here it is
3	look no further ,
3	look no further
2	no further
2	because here it is
2	here it is
3	it is
4	There 's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
4	's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
3	's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
3	so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
3	so much to look
2	much to look
2	to look
4	at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
3	in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
4	Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
4	you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
3	hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
3	hate to tear your eyes away from the images
3	to tear your eyes away from the images
3	tear your eyes away from the images
1	tear your eyes away
3	tear your eyes
2	your eyes
2	from the images
2	the images
3	long enough to read the subtitles
2	enough to read the subtitles
2	to read the subtitles
2	read the subtitles
2	the subtitles
4	The search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because Blanchett and Ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering .
2	The search for redemption
2	The search
2	for redemption
3	makes for a touching love story , mainly because Blanchett and Ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering .
3	makes for a touching love story , mainly because Blanchett and Ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering
3	makes for a touching love story ,
4	makes for a touching love story
3	for a touching love story
3	a touching love story
4	touching love story
2	love story
3	mainly because Blanchett and Ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering
2	because Blanchett and Ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering
4	Blanchett and Ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering
2	Blanchett and Ribisi
2	Blanchett and
3	compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering
2	tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering
2	into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering
2	a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering
3	a spiritual aspect
2	spiritual aspect
2	of their characters ' suffering
2	their characters ' suffering
2	their characters '
2	characters '
3	A film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .
4	A film of ideas and wry comic mayhem
2	A film
2	of ideas and wry comic mayhem
3	ideas and wry comic mayhem
2	ideas and
3	wry comic mayhem
2	comic mayhem
2	At its worst the screenplay is callow , but at its best it is a young artist 's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood .
2	At its worst the screenplay is callow , but at its best it is a young artist 's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood
1	At its worst the screenplay is callow , but
1	At its worst the screenplay is callow ,
1	At its worst the screenplay is callow
0	At its worst
0	its worst
1	the screenplay is callow
2	the screenplay
1	is callow
3	at its best it is a young artist 's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood
4	at its best
3	its best
3	it is a young artist 's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood
3	is a young artist 's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood
3	a young artist 's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood
3	a young artist 's thoughtful consideration
2	a young artist 's
2	young artist 's
2	artist 's
3	thoughtful consideration
2	of fatherhood
3	A worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll .
3	A worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits
3	A worthwhile documentary ,
3	A worthwhile documentary
3	worthwhile documentary
2	whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits
2	whether you 're into rap or not ,
2	whether you 're into rap or not
2	whether you 're into rap or
2	whether you 're into rap
2	you 're into rap
2	're into rap
2	into rap
1	even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits
1	if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits
2	it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits
2	may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits
2	may still
2	leave you wanting more answers as the credits
2	you wanting more answers as the credits
1	wanting more answers as the credits
2	wanting more answers
2	more answers
2	as the credits
2	the credits
2	roll .
3	Fessenden 's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .
2	Fessenden 's narrative
2	Fessenden 's
2	is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .
3	is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy
2	is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth
2	is just
2	as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth
3	much about the ownership and redefinition of myth
2	about the ownership and redefinition of myth
2	the ownership and redefinition of myth
2	the ownership and redefinition
2	ownership and redefinition
2	ownership and
2	of myth
2	as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy
3	it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy
3	is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy
3	about a domestic unit finding their way to joy
3	a domestic unit finding their way to joy
2	a domestic unit
2	domestic unit
4	finding their way to joy
2	finding their way
2	their way
2	to joy
1	That the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .
1	That the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog
1	the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog
2	the film
1	opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog
0	with maggots crawling on a dead dog
1	maggots crawling on a dead dog
2	crawling on a dead dog
2	on a dead dog
2	a dead dog
1	dead dog
2	is not an out of place metaphor .
2	is not an out of place metaphor
1	is not
1	an out of place metaphor
2	an out
2	of place metaphor
2	place metaphor
4	Stanley Kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe .
4	Stanley Kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe
4	Stanley Kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but
4	Stanley Kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made ,
4	Stanley Kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made
2	Stanley Kwan
3	has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made
4	directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made
2	not only one of the best gay love stories ever made
4	only one of the best gay love stories ever made
4	one of the best gay love stories ever made
4	one of the best gay love stories
4	of the best gay love stories
2	the best gay love stories
3	best gay love stories
3	gay love stories
2	love stories
2	ever made
3	one of the best love stories of any stripe
4	one of the best
3	of the best
4	the best
2	love stories of any stripe
2	stories of any stripe
2	of any stripe
2	any stripe
3	The concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .
3	The concert footage is stirring
2	The concert footage
2	concert footage
2	is stirring
3	, the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .
4	the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .
3	the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers
3	the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity --
3	the recording sessions are intriguing , and
3	the recording sessions are intriguing ,
3	the recording sessions are intriguing
3	the recording sessions
2	recording sessions
2	are intriguing
4	-- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity --
2	on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity --
2	on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity
3	the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity
2	the way
2	to striking a blow for artistic integrity
3	striking a blow for artistic integrity
2	striking a blow
2	a blow
2	for artistic integrity
2	artistic integrity
3	this quality band may pick up new admirers
3	this quality band
3	quality band
3	may pick up new admirers
3	pick up new admirers
2	pick up
2	new admirers
2	Norton holds the film together .
3	holds the film together .
2	holds the film together
3	holds the film
2	the film
3	-LRB- There 's -RRB- quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin .
3	There 's -RRB- quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin .
3	's -RRB- quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin .
3	's -RRB- quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin
2	's -RRB-
3	quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin
3	quite a bit of heart ,
3	quite a bit of heart
3	a bit of heart
2	a bit
3	of heart
3	as you would expect from the directors of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin
2	you would expect from the directors of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin
2	would expect from the directors of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin
2	expect from the directors of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin
2	from the directors of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin
2	the directors of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin
2	the directors
3	of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin
2	The Little Mermaid and Aladdin
2	The Little Mermaid and
2	The Little Mermaid
3	Little Mermaid
3	You wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these Veggies .
3	wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these Veggies .
3	wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these Veggies
2	wo n't
3	have any trouble getting kids to eat up these Veggies
2	any trouble getting kids to eat up these Veggies
2	any trouble
2	getting kids to eat up these Veggies
2	getting kids
2	to eat up these Veggies
2	eat up these Veggies
3	eat up
2	these Veggies
2	A creaky staircase gothic .
2	A creaky
2	staircase gothic .
2	staircase gothic
3	Enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse .
4	Enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse
3	Enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious --
3	Enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious
3	dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious
3	, sweet , and intermittently hilarious
3	sweet , and intermittently hilarious
3	, and intermittently hilarious
4	and intermittently hilarious
3	intermittently hilarious
3	if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse
2	if you 've a taste for the quirky
3	you 've a taste for the quirky
3	've a taste for the quirky
3	a taste for the quirky
2	a taste
3	for the quirky
3	the quirky
2	, steal a glimpse
2	steal a glimpse
2	a glimpse
3	A movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you 've actually spent time living in another community .
2	A movie that sends you out of the theater feeling
2	A movie
3	that sends you out of the theater feeling
2	sends you out of the theater feeling
2	sends you out
2	sends you
3	of the theater feeling
2	the theater feeling
3	theater feeling
2	like you 've actually spent time living in another community .
3	like you 've actually spent time living in another community
3	you 've actually spent time living in another community
2	've actually spent time living in another community
2	've actually
2	spent time living in another community
2	time living in another community
2	time living
2	in another community
2	another community
4	Light-years ahead of paint-by-number American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor , at least artistically .
3	ahead of paint-by-number American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor , at least artistically .
3	ahead of paint-by-number American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor , at least
1	of paint-by-number American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor , at least
2	of paint-by-number American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor ,
1	of paint-by-number American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor
0	paint-by-number American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor
2	paint-by-number American blockbusters
3	American blockbusters
2	like Pearl Harbor
2	Pearl Harbor
2	at least
2	artistically .
4	A fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the New Age .
4	A fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped
4	A fascinating documentary
4	fascinating documentary
3	about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped
4	the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped
3	the long and eventful spiritual journey
3	long and eventful spiritual journey
3	long and eventful
2	long and
3	spiritual journey
3	of the guru who helped
3	the guru who helped
2	the guru
2	who helped
2	launch the New Age .
2	launch the New Age
2	the New Age
2	New Age
4	Isabelle Huppert excels as the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries .
2	Isabelle Huppert
4	excels as the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries .
4	excels as the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries
4	as the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries
3	the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries
3	the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis
2	enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis
2	Mika and Anna Mouglalis
2	and Anna Mouglalis
2	Anna Mouglalis
4	is a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries
4	a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries
4	a stunning new young talent in one
3	a stunning new young talent
4	stunning new young talent
2	new young talent
3	young talent
2	in one
3	of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries
3	Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries
2	Chabrol 's
4	most intense psychological mysteries
3	most intense
2	psychological mysteries
2	Perhaps not since Nelson Eddy crooned his Indian Love Call to Jeanette MacDonald has there been a movie so unabashedly Canadian , not afraid to risk American scorn or disinterest .
2	Perhaps not since Nelson Eddy
2	Perhaps not
2	since Nelson Eddy
2	Nelson Eddy
2	crooned his Indian Love Call to Jeanette MacDonald has there been a movie so unabashedly Canadian , not afraid to risk American scorn or disinterest .
2	crooned his Indian Love Call to Jeanette MacDonald has there been a movie so unabashedly Canadian , not afraid to risk American scorn or disinterest
3	his Indian Love Call to Jeanette MacDonald has there been a movie so unabashedly Canadian , not afraid to risk American scorn or disinterest
2	his Indian Love Call to Jeanette MacDonald
2	Indian Love Call to Jeanette MacDonald
3	Love Call to Jeanette MacDonald
2	Call to Jeanette MacDonald
2	Call to Jeanette
2	to Jeanette
2	has there been a movie so unabashedly Canadian , not afraid to risk American scorn or disinterest
2	has there
2	been a movie so unabashedly Canadian , not afraid to risk American scorn or disinterest
3	a movie so unabashedly Canadian , not afraid to risk American scorn or disinterest
2	a movie
2	so unabashedly Canadian , not afraid to risk American scorn or disinterest
3	so unabashedly Canadian , not afraid to risk American scorn or
3	so unabashedly Canadian , not afraid to risk American scorn
2	so unabashedly Canadian ,
2	so unabashedly Canadian
2	unabashedly Canadian
2	not afraid to risk American scorn
2	afraid to risk American scorn
1	to risk American scorn
2	risk American scorn
2	American scorn
0	Wedding feels a bit anachronistic .
1	feels a bit anachronistic .
2	feels a bit anachronistic
1	a bit anachronistic
2	a bit
2	Still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin .
2	, not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin .
2	not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin .
2	not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin
2	not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and
2	not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak ,
2	not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak
1	not every low-budget movie
2	every low-budget movie
1	low-budget movie
1	must be quirky or bleak
1	be quirky or bleak
1	quirky or bleak
2	quirky or
3	a happy ending is no cinematic sin
3	a happy ending
3	happy ending
2	is no cinematic sin
2	no cinematic sin
1	cinematic sin
3	It 's still a comic book , but Maguire makes it a comic book with soul .
3	It 's still a comic book , but Maguire makes it a comic book with soul
2	It 's still a comic book , but
1	It 's still a comic book ,
2	It 's still a comic book
2	's still a comic book
2	's still
2	a comic book
2	comic book
4	Maguire makes it a comic book with soul
3	makes it a comic book with soul
3	it a comic book with soul
4	a comic book with soul
2	a comic book
2	comic book
3	with soul
4	Brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .
4	Brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade
3	Brings to a spectacular completion one
4	to a spectacular completion one
3	a spectacular completion one
3	spectacular completion one
2	completion one
4	of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade
4	the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade
3	the most complex , generous and subversive artworks
3	most complex , generous and subversive artworks
2	most complex
4	, generous and subversive artworks
3	generous and subversive artworks
3	generous and subversive
3	generous and
2	of the last decade
2	the last decade
2	last decade
4	An amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .
3	An amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine
3	An amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination
3	amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination
3	amusing and unexpectedly insightful
4	amusing and
3	unexpectedly insightful
2	of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine
3	sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine
2	sexual jealousy , resentment and
1	sexual jealousy , resentment
2	sexual jealousy ,
2	sexual jealousy
2	the fine
3	line between passion and pretence .
2	line between passion and pretence
3	between passion and pretence
4	passion and pretence
2	passion and
4	A fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame Americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with Kissinger .
4	A fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame Americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame
4	A fascinating , bombshell documentary
4	fascinating , bombshell documentary
2	, bombshell documentary
3	bombshell documentary
1	that should shame Americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame
1	should shame Americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame
2	shame Americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame
1	shame Americans ,
1	shame Americans
2	regardless of whether or not ultimate blame
2	regardless of
2	whether or not ultimate blame
2	or not ultimate blame
2	not ultimate blame
1	ultimate blame
2	finally lies with Kissinger .
2	lies with Kissinger .
2	lies with Kissinger
2	with Kissinger
3	Should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike .
3	Should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike
3	be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike
3	required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike
3	viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike
2	viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants
2	for civics classes and would-be public servants
2	civics classes and would-be public servants
2	civics classes and
2	civics classes
2	would-be public servants
2	public servants
4	Adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .
3	Adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay
3	Adaptation 's success
2	Adaptation 's
3	in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay
3	engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay
3	the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay
2	the audience
1	in the travails of creating a screenplay
2	the travails of creating a screenplay
2	the travails
2	of creating a screenplay
2	creating a screenplay
2	a screenplay
4	is extraordinary .
4	is extraordinary
3	A polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .
4	A polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con
3	A polished and vastly entertaining caper
4	polished and vastly entertaining caper
4	polished and vastly entertaining
3	polished and
4	vastly entertaining
2	film that puts the sting back into the con
2	that puts the sting back into the con
3	puts the sting back into the con
2	the sting back into the con
2	the sting back
2	the sting
2	into the con
1	the con
4	It 's no surprise that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer Derek Luke .
4	's no surprise that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer Derek Luke .
4	's no surprise that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer Derek Luke
4	's no surprise that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances ,
4	's no surprise that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances
2	's no surprise
2	no surprise
4	that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances
4	as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances
2	as a director
2	a director
4	Washington demands and receives excellent performances
4	demands and receives excellent performances
2	demands and receives
2	demands and
4	excellent performances
2	from himself and from newcomer Derek Luke
2	from himself and
2	from himself
2	from newcomer Derek Luke
2	newcomer Derek Luke
2	Derek Luke
1	... while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere .
2	while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere .
2	while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture
3	each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture
2	each moment of this broken character study
2	each moment
2	of this broken character study
1	this broken character study
1	broken character study
2	character study
3	is rich in emotional texture
4	rich in emotional texture
2	in emotional texture
2	emotional texture
1	, the journey does n't really go anywhere .
0	the journey does n't really go anywhere .
2	the journey
1	does n't really go anywhere .
1	does n't really go anywhere
2	does n't really
1	does n't
2	go anywhere
3	The film gets close to the chimps the same way Goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .
2	The film
3	gets close to the chimps the same way Goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .
3	gets close to the chimps the same way Goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection
2	gets close to the chimps
2	close to the chimps
2	to the chimps
2	the chimps
3	the same way Goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection
2	the same way
2	same way
3	Goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection
3	did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection
2	did ,
3	with a serious minded patience , respect and affection
3	a serious minded patience , respect and affection
3	serious minded patience , respect and affection
3	minded patience , respect and affection
3	patience , respect and affection
2	, respect and affection
3	respect and affection
2	respect and
2	It 's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing .
2	's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing .
1	's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing
2	's an often-cute film but
3	's an often-cute film
3	an often-cute film
3	often-cute film
1	either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing
1	needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing
1	more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing
2	substance to fill the time or some judicious editing
2	to fill the time or some judicious editing
2	fill the time or some judicious editing
2	the time or some judicious editing
2	the time or
2	the time
2	some judicious editing
3	judicious editing
4	This may be Burns 's strongest film since The Brothers McMullen .
4	may be Burns 's strongest film since The Brothers McMullen .
4	may be Burns 's strongest film since The Brothers McMullen
3	be Burns 's strongest film since The Brothers McMullen
4	Burns 's strongest film since The Brothers McMullen
3	Burns 's strongest film
2	Burns 's
3	strongest film
2	since The Brothers McMullen
2	The Brothers McMullen
2	Brothers McMullen
4	What makes this film special is Serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
3	What makes this film special
4	makes this film special
3	this film special
2	film special
3	is Serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
3	is Serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context
3	Serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context
2	Serry 's
3	ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context
2	to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context
2	take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context
2	take what is essentially a contained family conflict and
2	take what is essentially a contained family conflict
2	what is essentially a contained family conflict
2	is essentially a contained family conflict
2	is essentially
2	a contained family conflict
2	contained family conflict
2	family conflict
2	put it into a much larger historical context
2	put it
2	into a much larger historical context
3	a much larger historical context
2	much larger historical context
2	much larger
2	historical context
4	It 's Quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .
3	's Quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .
3	's Quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer
4	Quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer
4	who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer
3	anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer
4	the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer
2	the film with his effortless performance and
2	the film with his effortless performance
2	the film
3	with his effortless performance
4	his effortless performance
4	effortless performance
3	that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer
3	that trademark grin of his --
3	that trademark grin of his
3	that trademark grin
3	trademark grin
2	of his
3	so perfect for a ballplayer
3	perfect for a ballplayer
2	for a ballplayer
2	a ballplayer
3	It is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged .
3	It is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged
3	It is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and
3	It is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point
3	It is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus ,
3	It is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus
3	is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus
2	is OK for a movie
3	OK for a movie
2	for a movie
2	a movie
1	to be something of a sitcom apparatus
2	be something of a sitcom apparatus
2	something of a sitcom apparatus
2	of a sitcom apparatus
2	a sitcom apparatus
2	sitcom apparatus
2	if the lines work , the humor has point
2	if the lines work
4	the lines work
2	the lines
3	, the humor has point
3	the humor has point
2	the humor
2	has point
3	the actors are humanly engaged
2	the actors
2	are humanly engaged
2	humanly engaged
2	Though not for everyone , The Guys is a somber trip worth taking .
2	Though not for everyone
2	not for everyone
3	for everyone
3	, The Guys is a somber trip worth taking .
3	The Guys is a somber trip worth taking .
2	The Guys
3	is a somber trip worth taking .
3	is a somber trip worth taking
2	a somber trip worth taking
2	a somber trip
2	somber trip
3	worth taking
3	A sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect .
2	A sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone
3	A sly female empowerment movie ,
3	A sly female empowerment movie
3	sly female empowerment movie
2	female empowerment movie
3	empowerment movie
2	although not in a way anyone
2	not in a way anyone
2	in a way anyone
2	a way anyone
2	way anyone
2	would expect .
2	would expect
2	You really have to salute writer-director Haneke -LRB- he adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- for making a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
3	really have to salute writer-director Haneke -LRB- he adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- for making a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
3	have to salute writer-director Haneke -LRB- he adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- for making a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
3	have to salute writer-director Haneke -LRB- he adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- for making a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch
4	to salute writer-director Haneke -LRB- he adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- for making a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch
4	salute writer-director Haneke -LRB- he adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- for making a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch
3	salute writer-director Haneke -LRB- he adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB-
3	salute writer-director Haneke
2	writer-director Haneke
2	-LRB- he adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB-
2	he adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB-
2	he adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel
2	adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel
2	Elfriede Jelinek 's novel
2	Elfriede Jelinek 's
2	Jelinek 's
2	for making a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch
3	making a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch
1	a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch
2	a film
3	that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch
3	is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch
3	is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult
1	is n't
2	nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult
4	nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and
2	nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking
3	nearly as graphic but much more powerful ,
3	nearly as graphic but much more powerful
1	nearly as graphic but much
2	nearly as graphic but
2	nearly as graphic
2	as graphic
3	more powerful
2	brutally shocking
2	to watch
4	It 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .
4	's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .
4	's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama
4	a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama
3	wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama
3	, sobering , heart-felt drama
3	sobering , heart-felt drama
3	, heart-felt drama
3	heart-felt drama
4	Runs on the pure adrenalin of Pacino 's performance .
3	Runs on the pure adrenalin of Pacino 's performance
4	Runs on the pure adrenalin
2	on the pure adrenalin
3	the pure adrenalin
4	pure adrenalin
2	of Pacino 's performance
2	Pacino 's performance
2	Pacino 's
0	The Paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final -LRB- restored -RRB- third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic .
1	The Paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final -LRB- restored -RRB- third ...
2	The Paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final -LRB- restored -RRB- third
2	The Paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and
2	The Paradiso 's rusted-out ruin
2	The Paradiso 's
2	Paradiso 's
1	rusted-out ruin
1	ultimate collapse during the film 's final -LRB- restored -RRB- third
2	ultimate collapse
2	during the film 's final -LRB- restored -RRB- third
2	the film 's final -LRB- restored -RRB- third
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	final -LRB- restored -RRB- third
2	-LRB- restored -RRB- third
2	-LRB- restored -RRB-
2	restored -RRB-
0	emotionally belittle a cinema classic .
1	belittle a cinema classic .
1	belittle a cinema classic
4	a cinema classic
4	cinema classic
2	Sometimes shorter is better .
2	shorter is better .
3	is better .
3	is better
3	Phillip Noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of The Quiet American .
3	Phillip Noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of The Quiet American
3	Phillip Noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose , and
3	Phillip Noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose ,
3	Phillip Noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose
2	Phillip Noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle --
2	Phillip Noyce and all of his actors
2	Phillip Noyce and
2	Phillip Noyce
2	all of his actors
2	of his actors
2	his actors
2	-- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle --
2	-- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle
2	-- as well as
2	as well as
2	well as
2	his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle
2	his cinematographer ,
2	his cinematographer
2	Christopher Doyle
2	understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose
3	the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose
3	the delicate forcefulness
2	delicate forcefulness
2	of Greene 's prose
2	Greene 's prose
2	Greene 's
2	it 's there on the screen in their version of The Quiet American
2	's there on the screen in their version of The Quiet American
2	's there
2	on the screen in their version of The Quiet American
2	the screen in their version of The Quiet American
2	the screen
2	in their version of The Quiet American
2	their version of The Quiet American
2	their version
2	of The Quiet American
2	The Quiet American
2	Quiet American
4	The film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .
4	The film just might turn on many people to opera , in general
2	The film
3	just might turn on many people to opera , in general
3	might turn on many people to opera , in general
3	turn on many people to opera , in general
3	turn on many people to opera ,
3	turn on many people to opera
3	turn on many people
2	on many people
2	many people
2	to opera
2	in general
4	, an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .
4	an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .
3	an art
4	form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .
3	form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life
3	form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand
4	at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand
4	at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and
4	at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty --
4	at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty
4	at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and
4	at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar
3	at once visceral and spiritual ,
3	at once visceral and spiritual
2	at once
3	visceral and spiritual
3	visceral and
3	wonderfully vulgar
3	sublimely lofty
3	as emotionally grand
3	emotionally grand
2	as life
4	As a vehicle to savour Binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile .
3	As a vehicle to savour Binoche 's skill
3	a vehicle to savour Binoche 's skill
2	vehicle to savour Binoche 's skill
3	to savour Binoche 's skill
2	savour Binoche 's skill
2	Binoche 's skill
2	Binoche 's
4	, the film is well worthwhile .
4	the film is well worthwhile .
2	the film
4	is well worthwhile .
4	is well worthwhile
4	well worthwhile
3	The huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent .
3	The huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent
2	The huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and
3	The huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny
3	The huskies are beautiful ,
3	The huskies are beautiful
2	The huskies
4	are beautiful
3	the border collie is funny
2	the border collie
2	border collie
3	is funny
3	the overall feeling is genial and decent
2	the overall feeling
2	overall feeling
4	is genial and decent
3	genial and decent
3	genial and
3	Whatever complaints I might have , I 'd take -LRB- its -RRB- earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time .
1	Whatever complaints I might have
1	complaints I might have
2	I might have
2	might have
3	, I 'd take -LRB- its -RRB- earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time .
3	I 'd take -LRB- its -RRB- earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time .
3	'd take -LRB- its -RRB- earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time .
3	'd take -LRB- its -RRB- earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time
3	take -LRB- its -RRB- earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time
2	take -LRB- its -RRB- earnest errors and
2	take -LRB- its -RRB- earnest errors
2	-LRB- its -RRB- earnest errors
2	-LRB- its -RRB-
2	its -RRB-
2	earnest errors
3	hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time
3	hard-won rewards
3	over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time
3	the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time
2	the bombastic self-glorification
1	bombastic self-glorification
2	of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time
3	other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time
3	other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or
2	other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher
2	other feel-good fiascos
2	feel-good fiascos
2	like Antwone Fisher
2	Antwone Fisher
3	The Emperor 's Club any time
2	The Emperor 's Club
2	The Emperor 's
2	Emperor 's
2	any time
3	Mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , Group articulates a flood of emotion .
4	Mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls
3	its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls
2	its formidable arithmetic
1	formidable arithmetic
2	of cameras and souls
2	cameras and souls
2	cameras and
2	, Group articulates a flood of emotion .
3	Group articulates a flood of emotion .
3	articulates a flood of emotion .
2	articulates a flood of emotion
3	a flood of emotion
2	a flood
2	of emotion
3	A pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie .
3	A pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie
3	A pretty decent kid-pleasing ,
3	A pretty decent kid-pleasing
3	pretty decent kid-pleasing
3	decent kid-pleasing
1	tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie
2	tolerable-to-adults lark
2	of a movie
2	a movie
3	Even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold .
2	Even during the climactic hourlong cricket match
2	during the climactic hourlong cricket match
3	the climactic hourlong cricket match
2	climactic hourlong cricket match
2	hourlong cricket match
2	cricket match
3	, boredom never takes hold .
3	boredom never takes hold .
1	never takes hold .
3	takes hold .
3	takes hold
3	Combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't Hollywood think of this sooner ?
4	the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't Hollywood think of this sooner ?
3	the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural --
3	the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural
1	the paranoid claustrophobia
2	paranoid claustrophobia
2	of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural
3	a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural
2	a submarine movie
3	submarine movie
3	with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural
2	the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural
2	the unsettling spookiness
2	unsettling spookiness
2	of the supernatural
2	the supernatural
3	why did n't Hollywood think of this sooner ?
2	did n't Hollywood think of this sooner ?
3	did n't Hollywood think of this sooner
2	did n't Hollywood
2	did n't
2	think of this sooner
2	think of this
2	of this
3	Like Kubrick , Soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
2	Like Kubrick
3	, Soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
3	Soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
3	is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
3	is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way
1	is n't
2	afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way
2	to try any genre and to do it his own way
2	to try any genre and
2	to try any genre
2	try any genre
2	any genre
2	to do it his own way
3	do it his own way
2	do it
2	his own way
2	own way
3	Nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .
3	Nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin
3	Nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite :
3	Nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite
1	can detract from the affection of that moral favorite
1	detract from the affection of that moral favorite
2	from the affection of that moral favorite
3	the affection of that moral favorite
2	the affection
3	of that moral favorite
2	that moral favorite
3	moral favorite
3	friends will be friends through thick and thin
3	will be friends through thick and thin
2	be friends through thick and thin
2	be friends
2	through thick and thin
2	thick and thin
2	thick and
3	If the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : You want the story to go on and on .
3	If the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : You want the story to go on and on
0	If the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints :
2	If the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints
1	If the film has a problem
1	the film has a problem
2	the film
2	has a problem
2	a problem
1	, its shortness disappoints
0	its shortness disappoints
2	its shortness
4	You want the story to go on and on
4	want the story to go on and on
2	the story to go on and on
2	the story
2	to go on and on
2	go on and on
2	on and on
2	on and
3	Unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , Metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .
2	Unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes
1	most anime , whose most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes
2	most anime ,
2	most anime
2	whose most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes
2	most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes
2	most ardent fans outside Japan
2	most ardent fans
3	most ardent
2	outside Japan
3	seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes
2	to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes
2	be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes
1	introverted young men with fantasy fetishes
2	introverted young men
2	introverted young
2	with fantasy fetishes
2	fantasy fetishes
3	, Metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .
2	Metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .
1	never seems hopelessly juvenile .
1	seems hopelessly juvenile .
1	seems hopelessly juvenile
1	hopelessly juvenile
3	The plot twists give I Am Trying to Break Your Heart an attraction it desperately needed .
2	The plot twists
2	plot twists
1	give I Am Trying to Break Your Heart an attraction it desperately needed .
1	give I Am Trying to Break Your Heart an attraction it desperately needed
2	give I
2	Am Trying to Break Your Heart an attraction it desperately needed
3	Trying to Break Your Heart an attraction it desperately needed
2	to Break Your Heart an attraction it desperately needed
2	Break Your Heart an attraction it desperately needed
2	Break Your Heart
2	Your Heart
2	an attraction it desperately needed
2	an attraction
2	it desperately needed
1	desperately needed
4	The most brilliant and brutal UK crime film since Jack Carter went back to Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .
4	The most brilliant and brutal UK crime film since Jack Carter
3	The most brilliant and brutal UK crime film
4	most brilliant and brutal UK crime film
3	most brilliant and brutal
4	brilliant and brutal
4	brilliant and
2	UK crime film
2	crime film
2	since Jack Carter
2	Jack Carter
3	went back to Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .
3	went back to Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood
3	went back
3	to Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood
4	Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood
4	Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times ,
3	Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and
3	Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style
2	Newcastle ,
3	the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style
2	the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips
2	the first half
2	first half
2	of Gangster No. 1 drips
1	Gangster No. 1 drips
2	No. 1 drips
2	1 drips
3	with style
2	, at times ,
2	at times ,
2	at times
3	Like its New England characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .
2	Like its New England characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial
1	its New England characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial
2	its New England characters ,
2	its New England characters
2	New England characters
2	England characters
1	most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial
2	most of whom
2	of whom
1	wander about in thick clouds of denial
1	about in thick clouds of denial
1	in thick clouds of denial
1	thick clouds of denial
2	thick clouds
1	of denial
2	, the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .
3	the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .
2	the movie
3	eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .
3	eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness
3	gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness
3	gets around to its real emotional business ,
3	gets around to its real emotional business
2	gets around
2	to its real emotional business
4	its real emotional business
2	real emotional business
2	emotional business
3	striking deep chords of sadness
2	deep chords of sadness
2	deep chords
2	of sadness
4	The Bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process .
3	The Bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process
3	The Bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and
4	The Bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand ,
3	The Bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand
2	The Bai brothers
2	Bai brothers
4	have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand
2	have taken an small slice of history and
2	have taken an small slice of history
2	taken an small slice of history
2	an small slice of history
2	an small slice
2	small slice
2	of history
3	opened it up for all of us to understand
3	opened it up for all of us
2	opened it up
2	opened it
3	for all of us
2	all of us
2	of us
2	to understand
2	they 've told a nice little story in the process
3	've told a nice little story in the process
3	told a nice little story in the process
3	a nice little story in the process
3	a nice little story
3	nice little story
2	little story
2	in the process
2	the process
4	Flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old Jack Nicholson could be looking at his 12th Oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
3	Flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old Jack Nicholson
2	in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old Jack Nicholson
3	some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old Jack Nicholson
2	some movies and
2	some movies
3	artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old Jack Nicholson
2	artfully restrained in others
2	restrained in others
2	in others
2	, 65-year-old Jack Nicholson
2	65-year-old Jack Nicholson
2	Jack Nicholson
3	could be looking at his 12th Oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
4	could be looking at his 12th Oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
4	be looking at his 12th Oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
3	looking at his 12th Oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
3	looking at his 12th Oscar nomination
3	at his 12th Oscar nomination
2	his 12th Oscar nomination
4	12th Oscar nomination
3	Oscar nomination
3	by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
3	proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
3	that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
3	he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
3	's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
2	's now , more than ever ,
2	's now , more than ever
2	's now ,
2	's now
2	more than ever
2	than ever
3	choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
2	choosing his roles
2	his roles
3	with the precision of the insurance actuary
3	the precision of the insurance actuary
2	the precision
3	of the insurance actuary
2	the insurance actuary
2	insurance actuary
2	... is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ?
2	is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ?
2	is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning
3	there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning
2	there a deeper , more direct connection
3	a deeper , more direct connection
3	deeper , more direct connection
2	deeper , more
2	, more
2	direct connection
3	between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning
3	these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning
2	these women ,
2	these women
3	one that spans time and reveals meaning
3	that spans time and reveals meaning
3	spans time and reveals meaning
2	spans time and
2	spans time
3	reveals meaning
2	You bet there is and it 's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .
3	You bet there is and it 's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking
2	You bet there is and
2	You bet there is
2	bet there is
2	there is
3	it 's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking
2	's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking
2	what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking
4	makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking
3	this rather convoluted journey worth taking
1	this rather convoluted journey
1	rather convoluted journey
1	rather convoluted
3	worth taking
4	The most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` Jackass '' fan could want .
3	The most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` Jackass '' fan
4	The most amazing super-sized dosage
3	most amazing super-sized dosage
4	most amazing
2	super-sized dosage
1	of goofball stunts any `` Jackass '' fan
1	goofball stunts any `` Jackass '' fan
2	goofball stunts
2	any `` Jackass '' fan
2	`` Jackass '' fan
3	Jackass '' fan
2	'' fan
2	could want .
2	could want
4	Real Women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way .
4	Real Women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way
2	Real Women may have many agendas , but
2	Real Women may have many agendas ,
2	Real Women may have many agendas
2	Real Women
3	may have many agendas
2	have many agendas
2	many agendas
4	it also will win you over , in a big way
3	also will win you over , in a big way
3	will win you over , in a big way
4	win you over , in a big way
3	win you over ,
3	win you over
2	win you
3	in a big way
2	a big way
2	big way
4	Young Everlyn Sampi , as the courageous Molly Craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
3	Young Everlyn Sampi , as the courageous Molly Craig ,
3	Young Everlyn Sampi , as the courageous Molly Craig
2	Young Everlyn Sampi ,
2	Young Everlyn Sampi
2	Everlyn Sampi
2	as the courageous Molly Craig
3	the courageous Molly Craig
3	courageous Molly Craig
2	Molly Craig
4	simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
4	radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
4	radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film
4	star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film
3	star-power potential
4	in this remarkable and memorable film
4	this remarkable and memorable film
4	remarkable and memorable film
4	remarkable and memorable
3	remarkable and
4	Surprisingly powerful and universal .
4	Surprisingly powerful and universal
4	powerful and universal
3	powerful and
2	Apart from its own considerable achievement , Metropolis confirms Tezuka 's status as both the primary visual influence on the animé tradition and its defining philosophical conscience .
3	Apart from its own considerable achievement
3	from its own considerable achievement
3	its own considerable achievement
3	own considerable achievement
3	considerable achievement
2	, Metropolis confirms Tezuka 's status as both the primary visual influence on the animé tradition and its defining philosophical conscience .
3	Metropolis confirms Tezuka 's status as both the primary visual influence on the animé tradition and its defining philosophical conscience .
3	confirms Tezuka 's status as both the primary visual influence on the animé tradition and its defining philosophical conscience .
2	confirms Tezuka 's status as both the primary visual influence on the animé tradition and its defining philosophical conscience
3	confirms Tezuka 's status as both the primary visual influence
3	Tezuka 's status as both the primary visual influence
2	Tezuka 's status
2	Tezuka 's
2	as both the primary visual influence
2	both the primary visual influence
2	the primary visual influence
3	primary visual influence
3	visual influence
2	on the animé tradition and its defining philosophical conscience
3	the animé tradition and its defining philosophical conscience
2	the animé tradition and
2	the animé tradition
2	animé tradition
3	its defining philosophical conscience
3	defining philosophical conscience
2	philosophical conscience
2	I 'll put it this way : If you 're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish , this is the movie for you .
3	I 'll put it this way : If you 're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish , this is the movie for you
2	I 'll put it this way :
2	I 'll put it this way
2	'll put it this way
2	put it this way
2	it this way
2	this way
2	If you 're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish , this is the movie for you
1	If you 're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish
2	you 're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish
3	're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish
1	in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish
2	the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish
2	the mood
2	for a melodrama narrated by talking fish
2	a melodrama narrated by talking fish
2	a melodrama
2	narrated by talking fish
2	by talking fish
2	talking fish
3	, this is the movie for you
3	this is the movie for you
3	is the movie for you
3	the movie for you
2	the movie
2	for you
4	Morvern Callar confirms Lynne Ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .
2	Morvern Callar
4	confirms Lynne Ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .
4	confirms Lynne Ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema
4	Lynne Ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema
2	Lynne Ramsay
3	as an important , original talent in international cinema
3	an important , original talent in international cinema
3	an important , original talent
3	important , original talent
3	, original talent
4	original talent
2	in international cinema
2	international cinema
3	Well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .
3	Well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process
4	Well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances
3	Well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights
4	Well-done supernatural thriller
3	supernatural thriller
2	with keen insights
3	keen insights
3	into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances
3	parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances
2	parapsychological phenomena and
2	parapsychological phenomena
3	the soulful nuances
3	soulful nuances
1	of the grieving process
1	the grieving process
2	grieving process
3	A plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .
2	A plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home , '
2	A plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home ,
3	A plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home
3	A plethora of engaging diatribes
2	A plethora
2	of engaging diatribes
3	engaging diatribes
2	on the meaning of ` home
2	the meaning of ` home
2	the meaning
2	of ` home
2	of `
3	delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .
3	delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households
3	delivered in grand passion
3	in grand passion
2	grand passion
2	by the members of the various households
2	the members of the various households
2	the members
2	of the various households
2	the various households
2	various households
4	It 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .
4	's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .
3	's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive
3	technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive
3	technically sumptuous but also
3	technically sumptuous but
3	technically sumptuous
3	almost wildly alive
4	wildly alive
4	This film puts Wang at the forefront of China 's Sixth Generation of film makers .
2	This film
3	puts Wang at the forefront of China 's Sixth Generation of film makers .
4	puts Wang at the forefront of China 's Sixth Generation of film makers
3	Wang at the forefront of China 's Sixth Generation of film makers
2	at the forefront of China 's Sixth Generation of film makers
2	the forefront of China 's Sixth Generation of film makers
2	the forefront
2	of China 's Sixth Generation of film makers
2	China 's Sixth Generation of film makers
2	China 's Sixth Generation
2	China 's
2	Sixth Generation
2	of film makers
2	film makers
4	it 's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
4	's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
3	's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
4	refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
3	to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
3	see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
3	see a movie
2	a movie
3	that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
3	that embraces its old-fashioned themes and
3	that embraces its old-fashioned themes
3	embraces its old-fashioned themes
2	its old-fashioned themes
3	old-fashioned themes
3	in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
3	the process comes out looking like something wholly original
2	the process
4	comes out looking like something wholly original
2	comes out
3	looking like something wholly original
4	like something wholly original
3	something wholly original
2	wholly original
3	Wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse .
3	Wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse
3	Wiseman is patient and
3	Wiseman is patient
2	is patient
2	uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse
2	uncompromising , letting
2	uncompromising ,
2	his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse
2	his camera
2	observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse
2	observe and
1	record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse
1	the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse
2	the lives
1	of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse
1	women torn apart by a legacy of abuse
1	torn apart by a legacy of abuse
1	torn apart
1	by a legacy of abuse
2	a legacy of abuse
3	a legacy
1	of abuse
4	There 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of Monsoon Wedding in Late Marriage -- and that 's part of what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent .
4	There 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of Monsoon Wedding in Late Marriage -- and that 's part of what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
2	There 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of Monsoon Wedding in Late Marriage -- and
2	There 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of Monsoon Wedding in Late Marriage --
2	There 's none of the happily-ever
2	's none of the happily-ever
1	none of the happily-ever
2	of the happily-ever
2	the happily-ever
2	- after spangle of Monsoon Wedding in Late Marriage --
2	after spangle of Monsoon Wedding in Late Marriage --
2	after spangle of Monsoon Wedding in Late Marriage
2	spangle of Monsoon Wedding in Late Marriage
2	of Monsoon Wedding in Late Marriage
2	Monsoon Wedding in Late Marriage
3	Monsoon Wedding
2	in Late Marriage
2	Late Marriage
3	that 's part of what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
4	's part of what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
3	part of what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
4	of what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
3	what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
4	makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
3	Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
3	Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut
2	Dover Kosashvili 's
2	Kosashvili 's
4	outstanding feature debut
2	feature debut
4	so potent
3	An ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .
3	An ingenious and often harrowing
3	ingenious and often harrowing
4	ingenious and often
3	ingenious and
2	look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .
2	look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation
2	at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation
2	at damaged people and
2	at damaged people
2	damaged people
3	how families can offer either despair or consolation
2	families can offer either despair or consolation
2	can offer either despair or consolation
2	offer either despair or consolation
2	either despair or consolation
2	despair or consolation
2	despair or
4	Arguably the best script that Besson has written in years .
4	the best script that Besson has written in years .
4	the best script that Besson has written in years
3	the best script
3	best script
2	that Besson has written in years
4	Besson has written in years
2	has written in years
2	written in years
2	in years
4	It 's no lie -- Big Fat Liar is a real charmer .
4	It 's no lie -- Big Fat Liar is a real charmer
2	It 's no lie --
3	It 's no lie
2	's no lie
3	no lie
4	Big Fat Liar is a real charmer
2	Big Fat Liar
2	Fat Liar
3	is a real charmer
4	a real charmer
2	real charmer
4	Invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .
4	Invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion
4	Invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow
3	Invigorating , surreal , and resonant
2	, surreal , and resonant
2	surreal , and resonant
2	, and resonant
3	, and
2	with a rainbow
2	a rainbow
2	of emotion
3	Director Alfonso Cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of French New Wave films .
2	Director Alfonso Cuaron
2	Alfonso Cuaron
4	gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of French New Wave films .
4	gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of French New Wave films
4	gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and
3	gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast ,
3	gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast
4	gets vivid , convincing performances
4	vivid , convincing performances
3	vivid , convincing
3	, convincing
3	from a fine cast
3	a fine cast
2	fine cast
2	generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of French New Wave films
3	keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of French New Wave films
3	things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of French New Wave films
3	going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of French New Wave films
3	going at a rapid pace , occasionally
3	going at a rapid pace ,
3	going at a rapid pace
2	at a rapid pace
2	a rapid pace
2	rapid pace
2	using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of French New Wave films
2	using an omniscient voice-over narrator
2	an omniscient voice-over narrator
2	omniscient voice-over narrator
2	voice-over narrator
2	in the manner of French New Wave films
2	the manner of French New Wave films
2	the manner
2	of French New Wave films
2	French New Wave films
2	New Wave films
2	Wave films
3	Pray has really done his subject justice .
4	has really done his subject justice .
2	has really done his subject justice
2	has really
3	done his subject justice
3	his subject justice
2	subject justice
3	An unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood .
3	An unexpectedly sweet story of
4	An unexpectedly sweet story
4	unexpectedly sweet story
4	unexpectedly sweet
2	sisterhood .
3	Maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while .
3	Maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while
3	Maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul
2	your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul
2	your sympathy
2	for this otherwise challenging soul
2	this otherwise challenging soul
2	otherwise challenging soul
2	otherwise challenging
3	by letting you share her one-room world for a while
3	letting you share her one-room world for a while
2	you share her one-room world for a while
2	share her one-room world for a while
2	share her one-room world
2	her one-room world
2	one-room world
2	for a while
2	a while
3	A subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .
4	A subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility
4	A subtle , humorous , illuminating study
4	subtle , humorous , illuminating study
4	, humorous , illuminating study
4	humorous , illuminating study
3	, illuminating study
3	illuminating study
2	of politics , power and social mobility
2	politics , power and social mobility
3	politics , power and
2	politics , power
2	politics ,
2	social mobility
2	Even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , East-vs .
2	Even if you have no interest in the gang-infested
1	if you have no interest in the gang-infested
1	you have no interest in the gang-infested
1	have no interest in the gang-infested
1	no interest in the gang-infested
1	no interest
2	in the gang-infested
1	the gang-infested
2	, East-vs .
2	East-vs .
3	- West Coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .
2	- West Coast rap wars
2	West Coast rap wars
2	Coast rap wars
2	rap wars
4	, this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .
3	this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .
3	this modern mob music drama
2	modern mob music drama
2	mob music drama
2	music drama
3	never fails to fascinate .
0	fails to fascinate .
0	fails to fascinate
2	to fascinate
4	Nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .
3	Nair 's attention to detail
2	Nair 's attention
2	Nair 's
2	to detail
3	creates an impeccable sense of place , while Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .
4	creates an impeccable sense of place , while Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances
4	creates an impeccable sense of place ,
3	creates an impeccable sense of place
2	an impeccable sense of place
3	an impeccable sense
3	impeccable sense
2	of place
4	while Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances
4	Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances
2	Thurman and Lewis
2	Thurman and
3	give what can easily be considered career-best performances
4	what can easily be considered career-best performances
3	can easily be considered career-best performances
2	can easily
4	be considered career-best performances
4	considered career-best performances
3	career-best performances
4	Berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years
3	Berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance
3	Berry 's saucy ,
3	Berry 's saucy
2	Berry 's
3	full-bodied performance
3	gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years
2	gives this aging series
1	this aging series
1	aging series
4	a much needed kick , making `` Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years
2	a much needed kick ,
2	a much needed kick
2	much needed kick
3	much needed
3	making `` Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years
4	`` Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years
2	`` Die Another Day ''
2	Die Another Day ''
2	Die Another Day
2	Another Day
4	one of the most entertaining Bonds in years
4	of the most entertaining Bonds in years
4	the most entertaining Bonds in years
3	the most entertaining Bonds
3	most entertaining Bonds
4	most entertaining
2	in years
2	Red Dragon is less baroque and showy than Hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than Silence .
2	Red Dragon
2	is less baroque and showy than Hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than Silence .
2	is less baroque and showy than Hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than Silence
2	is less baroque and showy than Hannibal , and less emotionally
2	less baroque and showy than Hannibal , and less emotionally
2	less baroque and showy than Hannibal , and
2	less baroque and showy than Hannibal ,
2	less baroque and showy than Hannibal
2	less baroque and
2	less baroque
1	showy than Hannibal
2	than Hannibal
2	less emotionally
2	affecting than Silence
2	than Silence
1	But , like Silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
3	, like Silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
3	like Silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
2	like Silence
2	, it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
1	it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
2	's a movie that gets under your skin .
3	's a movie that gets under your skin
2	a movie that gets under your skin
2	a movie
3	that gets under your skin
2	gets under your skin
2	under your skin
2	your skin
3	Caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .
3	embodies the transformation of his character completely .
4	embodies the transformation of his character completely
3	embodies the transformation of his character
2	the transformation of his character
2	the transformation
3	of his character
2	his character
3	A creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ... about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .
2	A creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ... about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy
3	A creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ...
2	A creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man
3	A creepy , intermittently powerful study
4	creepy , intermittently powerful study
3	, intermittently powerful study
4	intermittently powerful study
3	intermittently powerful
1	of a self-destructive man
2	a self-destructive man
2	self-destructive man
1	about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy
2	about as
1	unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy
2	to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy
2	watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy
1	as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy
2	an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy
2	an exploratory medical procedure or
2	an exploratory medical procedure
2	exploratory medical procedure
2	medical procedure
2	an autopsy
4	Pacino and Williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film .
2	Pacino and Williams
2	Pacino and
3	seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film .
3	seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film
3	to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film
2	keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film
3	keep upping the ante on each other ,
2	keep upping the ante on each other
2	upping the ante on each other
3	upping the ante
2	the ante
2	on each other
2	each other
2	just as their characters do in the film
2	as their characters do in the film
2	their characters do in the film
2	their characters
2	do in the film
2	in the film
2	the film
4	What results is the best performance from either in years .
4	What results is the best performance from either in years
4	results is the best performance from either in years
4	is the best performance from either in years
4	the best performance from either in years
4	the best performance
3	best performance
2	from either in years
2	either in years
2	in years
4	The cast is top-notch and I predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael .
4	The cast is top-notch and I predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
4	The cast is top-notch and
4	The cast is top-notch
2	The cast
4	is top-notch
3	I predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
3	predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
3	there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
3	will be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
3	be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
3	plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
3	of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
3	female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
2	female audience members
2	audience members
3	drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
2	over Michael Idemoto as Michael
2	Michael Idemoto as Michael
2	Michael Idemoto
2	as Michael
4	Béart and Berling are both superb , while Huppert ... is magnificent .
2	Béart and Berling
2	Béart and
4	are both superb , while Huppert ... is magnificent .
4	are both superb , while Huppert ... is magnificent
4	are both superb ,
4	are both superb
2	are both
4	while Huppert ... is magnificent
4	Huppert ... is magnificent
4	... is magnificent
4	is magnificent
2	All the actors are good in Pauline & Paulette but van der Groen , described as ` Belgium 's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as Pauline .
4	All the actors are good in Pauline & Paulette but van der Groen , described as ` Belgium 's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as Pauline
3	All the actors are good in Pauline & Paulette but
3	All the actors are good in Pauline & Paulette
2	All the actors
2	the actors
3	are good in Pauline & Paulette
3	good in Pauline & Paulette
2	in Pauline & Paulette
2	Pauline & Paulette
2	Pauline &
4	van der Groen , described as ` Belgium 's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as Pauline
3	van der Groen , described as ` Belgium 's national treasure , '
3	van der Groen , described as ` Belgium 's national treasure ,
3	van der Groen , described as ` Belgium 's national treasure
2	van der Groen ,
2	van der Groen
2	der Groen
3	described as ` Belgium 's national treasure
3	as ` Belgium 's national treasure
2	as `
3	Belgium 's national treasure
2	Belgium 's
3	national treasure
4	is especially terrific as Pauline
3	especially terrific as Pauline
3	terrific as Pauline
2	as Pauline
4	Miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
3	Miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world
3	has created such a vibrant , colorful world
4	created such a vibrant , colorful world
4	such a vibrant , colorful world
4	a vibrant , colorful world
3	vibrant , colorful world
2	, colorful world
3	colorful world
4	, it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
4	it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
4	's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
4	's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images
2	's almost impossible
1	almost impossible
3	not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images
3	to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images
3	be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images
4	swept away by the sheer beauty of his images
4	swept away
3	by the sheer beauty of his images
3	the sheer beauty of his images
3	the sheer beauty
3	sheer beauty
2	of his images
2	his images
3	Muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble .
2	seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble .
2	seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble
2	to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble
3	be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble
3	exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble
1	the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble
2	the idea
2	of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble
2	why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble
2	why human beings long for what they do n't have , and
2	why human beings long for what they do n't have ,
3	why human beings long for what they do n't have
2	human beings long for what they do n't have
2	human beings
2	long for what they do n't have
2	for what they do n't have
2	what they do n't have
2	they do n't have
2	do n't have
2	do n't
1	how this gets us in trouble
1	this gets us in trouble
2	gets us in trouble
3	gets us
2	in trouble
3	But even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic .
2	even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic .
0	even while his characters are acting horribly
1	while his characters are acting horribly
0	his characters are acting horribly
2	his characters
0	are acting horribly
0	acting horribly
3	, he is always sympathetic .
3	he is always sympathetic .
2	is always sympathetic .
3	is always sympathetic
2	is always
3	Whether or not you buy Mr. Broomfield 's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale Mr. Broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
2	Whether or not you buy Mr. Broomfield 's findings
2	Whether or not
2	Whether or
2	you buy Mr. Broomfield 's findings
2	buy Mr. Broomfield 's findings
2	Mr. Broomfield 's findings
2	Mr. Broomfield 's
2	Broomfield 's
3	, the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale Mr. Broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
3	the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale Mr. Broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
2	the film
3	acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale Mr. Broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
3	acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale Mr. Broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover
4	acquires an undeniable entertainment value
3	an undeniable entertainment value
3	undeniable entertainment value
2	entertainment value
3	as the slight , pale Mr. Broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover
2	the slight , pale Mr. Broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover
2	the slight , pale Mr. Broomfield
2	slight , pale Mr. Broomfield
2	, pale Mr. Broomfield
2	pale Mr. Broomfield
2	Mr. Broomfield
2	continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover
2	to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover
3	force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover
2	force himself
2	on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover
2	on people and
2	on people
2	into situations that would make lesser men run for cover
2	situations that would make lesser men run for cover
2	that would make lesser men run for cover
2	would make lesser men run for cover
2	make lesser men run for cover
2	lesser men run for cover
2	lesser men
1	run for cover
2	for cover
2	Ozpetek joins the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled .
3	joins the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled .
3	joins the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled
3	the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled
3	the ranks
2	of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled
2	those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled
2	those gay filmmakers
3	gay filmmakers
3	who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled
2	have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled
2	used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled
2	used the emigre experience
2	the emigre experience
2	emigre experience
2	to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled
3	explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled
2	explore same-sex culture
2	same-sex culture
2	in ways that elude the more nationally settled
2	ways that elude the more nationally settled
2	that elude the more nationally settled
2	elude the more nationally settled
2	the more nationally settled
2	the more
2	nationally settled
4	... an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .
4	an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .
3	an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller
4	an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece
3	eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece
3	eerily suspenseful
3	, deeply absorbing piece
4	deeply absorbing piece
3	deeply absorbing
3	that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller
3	works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller
4	as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller
3	a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller
3	a treatise on spirituality as well as
3	a treatise on spirituality
2	a treatise
2	on spirituality
2	as well as
2	well as
3	a solid sci-fi thriller
3	solid sci-fi thriller
3	sci-fi thriller
4	I 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and I recommend it for its originality alone .
4	I 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and I recommend it for its originality alone
3	I 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and
3	I 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film ,
4	I 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film
2	've never seen or heard anything quite like this film
2	never seen or heard anything quite like this film
3	seen or heard anything quite like this film
2	seen or heard
2	seen or
2	anything quite like this film
2	anything quite
3	like this film
2	this film
3	I recommend it for its originality alone
4	recommend it for its originality alone
3	recommend it for its originality
3	recommend it
3	for its originality
3	its originality
4	Nicole Kidman makes it a party worth attending .
2	Nicole Kidman
3	makes it a party worth attending .
3	makes it a party worth attending
3	it a party worth attending
4	a party worth attending
2	a party worth
2	a party
3	The direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by Harris , Phifer and Cam ` ron seal the deal .
4	The direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by Harris , Phifer and Cam ` ron seal the deal
3	The direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and
2	The direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority ,
3	The direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority
2	The direction
3	has a fluid , no-nonsense authority
3	a fluid , no-nonsense authority
3	fluid , no-nonsense authority
2	, no-nonsense authority
3	no-nonsense authority
3	the performances by Harris , Phifer and Cam ` ron seal the deal
2	the performances by Harris , Phifer and Cam
2	the performances
2	by Harris , Phifer and Cam
2	Harris , Phifer and Cam
2	, Phifer and Cam
2	Phifer and Cam
2	Phifer and
3	` ron seal the deal
2	ron seal the deal
3	seal the deal
2	the deal
3	The Komediant is a tale worth catching .
2	The Komediant
4	is a tale worth catching .
4	is a tale worth catching
3	a tale worth catching
2	a tale
3	worth catching
4	The writing is clever and the cast is appealing .
4	The writing is clever and the cast is appealing
3	The writing is clever and
4	The writing is clever
2	The writing
3	is clever
3	the cast is appealing
2	the cast
3	is appealing
2	The simplicity of The Way Home has few equals this side of Aesop
2	The simplicity of The Way Home
2	The simplicity
2	of The Way Home
3	The Way Home
2	Way Home
3	has few equals this side of Aesop
3	few equals this side of Aesop
2	equals this side of Aesop
2	this side of Aesop
2	this side
2	of Aesop
2	Life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why .
2	Life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why
1	Life on the rez is no picnic :
2	Life on the rez is no picnic
2	Life on the rez
2	on the rez
2	the rez
1	is no picnic
1	no picnic
2	this picture shows you why
2	this picture
2	shows you why
2	you why
3	Spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .
3	has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .
3	has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry
2	managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry
3	to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry
2	marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry
3	marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks
2	marry science fiction
2	science fiction
2	with film noir and action flicks
2	film noir and action flicks
2	noir and action flicks
2	and action flicks
2	action flicks
2	with philosophical inquiry
2	philosophical inquiry
3	It 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least .
4	It 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least
3	It 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not
3	It 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and
3	It 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent ,
3	It 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent
4	's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent
3	the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent
4	the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days :
3	the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days
2	the type
3	of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days
3	film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days
3	about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days
3	growing up that we do n't see often enough these days
2	growing up
2	that we do n't see often enough these days
2	we do n't see often enough these days
3	do n't see often enough these days
2	do n't
2	see often enough these days
2	see often enough
2	often enough
2	these days
3	realistic , urgent
2	, urgent
2	sugarcoated in the least
2	in the least
2	the least
4	A taut , sobering film .
4	A taut , sobering film
2	A taut ,
2	A taut
2	sobering film
4	Exudes the fizz of a Busby Berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .
3	Exudes the fizz of a Busby Berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza
3	the fizz of a Busby Berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza
2	the fizz of a Busby Berkeley musical and
2	the fizz of a Busby Berkeley musical
2	the fizz
2	of a Busby Berkeley musical
2	a Busby Berkeley musical
2	Busby Berkeley musical
2	Berkeley musical
4	the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza
3	the visceral excitement
3	visceral excitement
3	of a sports extravaganza
3	a sports extravaganza
3	sports extravaganza
3	It 's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .
3	's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .
4	's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s
3	full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s
2	full of cheesy dialogue , but
1	full of cheesy dialogue ,
0	full of cheesy dialogue
1	of cheesy dialogue
1	cheesy dialogue
3	great trashy fun that finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s
4	great trashy fun
3	trashy fun
3	that finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s
3	finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s
3	returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s
2	De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s
2	De Palma to his pulpy thrillers
2	De Palma
3	to his pulpy thrillers
2	his pulpy thrillers
2	pulpy thrillers
2	of the early '80s
2	the early '80s
2	early '80s
2	The results , if not memorable , are at least interesting .
2	The results
3	, if not memorable , are at least interesting .
2	if not memorable , are at least interesting .
2	if not memorable
1	not memorable
3	, are at least interesting .
3	are at least interesting .
2	are at least interesting
2	at least interesting
2	at least
3	A quietly moving look back at what it was to be Iranian-American in 1979 .
3	A quietly moving
3	quietly moving
2	look back at what it was to be Iranian-American in 1979 .
2	look back at what it was to be Iranian-American in 1979
2	look back
2	at what it was to be Iranian-American in 1979
2	what it was to be Iranian-American in 1979
2	it was to be Iranian-American in 1979
2	was to be Iranian-American in 1979
2	to be Iranian-American in 1979
2	be Iranian-American in 1979
2	Iranian-American in 1979
2	in 1979
3	Like a veteran head cutter , Barbershop is tuned in to its community .
2	Like a veteran head cutter
2	a veteran head cutter
2	veteran head cutter
1	head cutter
3	, Barbershop is tuned in to its community .
3	Barbershop is tuned in to its community .
3	is tuned in to its community .
3	is tuned in to its community
2	tuned in to its community
2	in to its community
2	to its community
2	its community
3	I 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of Woolf and Clarissa Dalloway , The Hours represents two of those well spent .
2	I 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of Woolf and Clarissa Dalloway , The Hours represents two of those well spent
2	I 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but
1	I 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled ,
2	I 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled
1	'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled
1	sure mainstream audiences will be baffled
2	mainstream audiences will be baffled
2	mainstream audiences
2	will be baffled
1	be baffled
3	, for those with at least a minimal appreciation of Woolf and Clarissa Dalloway , The Hours represents two of those well spent
3	for those with at least a minimal appreciation of Woolf and Clarissa Dalloway , The Hours represents two of those well spent
2	for those with at least a minimal appreciation of Woolf and Clarissa Dalloway
2	those with at least a minimal appreciation of Woolf and Clarissa Dalloway
2	with at least a minimal appreciation of Woolf and Clarissa Dalloway
2	at least a minimal appreciation of Woolf and Clarissa Dalloway
3	at least a minimal appreciation
2	at least
2	a minimal appreciation
1	minimal appreciation
2	of Woolf and Clarissa Dalloway
2	Woolf and Clarissa Dalloway
2	and Clarissa Dalloway
2	Clarissa Dalloway
3	, The Hours represents two of those well spent
4	The Hours represents two of those well spent
2	The Hours
3	represents two of those well spent
3	two of those well spent
2	of those well spent
2	those well spent
3	well spent
3	You live the mood rather than savour the story .
2	live the mood rather than savour the story .
2	live the mood rather than savour the story
2	live the mood rather than
3	live the mood
2	the mood
2	rather than
3	savour the story
2	the story
3	Angela Gheorghiu as famous prima donna Floria Tosca , Roberto Alagna as her lover Mario Cavaradossi , and Ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief Scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately .
2	Angela Gheorghiu as famous prima donna Floria Tosca , Roberto Alagna as her lover Mario Cavaradossi , and Ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief Scarpia ,
2	Angela Gheorghiu
3	as famous prima donna Floria Tosca , Roberto Alagna as her lover Mario Cavaradossi , and Ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief Scarpia ,
2	famous prima donna Floria Tosca , Roberto Alagna as her lover Mario Cavaradossi , and Ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief Scarpia ,
2	famous prima donna Floria Tosca , Roberto Alagna as her lover Mario Cavaradossi , and Ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief Scarpia
2	famous prima donna Floria Tosca ,
2	famous prima donna Floria Tosca
2	prima donna Floria Tosca
2	donna Floria Tosca
2	Floria Tosca
2	Roberto Alagna as her lover Mario Cavaradossi , and Ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief Scarpia
2	Roberto Alagna
2	as her lover Mario Cavaradossi , and Ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief Scarpia
2	her lover Mario Cavaradossi , and Ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief Scarpia
2	her lover Mario Cavaradossi , and
2	her lover Mario Cavaradossi ,
2	her lover Mario Cavaradossi
2	her lover
2	Mario Cavaradossi
2	Ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief Scarpia
1	as the villainous , lecherous police chief Scarpia
2	the villainous , lecherous police chief Scarpia
2	villainous , lecherous police chief Scarpia
2	villainous , lecherous
1	, lecherous
2	police chief Scarpia
2	chief Scarpia
3	all sing beautifully and act adequately .
3	sing beautifully and act adequately .
3	sing beautifully and act adequately
3	sing beautifully and
3	sing beautifully
2	act adequately
3	While there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it does n't .
2	While there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp
1	there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp
1	are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp
1	times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp
2	when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp
3	the film 's reach exceeds its grasp
2	the film 's reach
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	exceeds its grasp
2	its grasp
3	, the production works more often than it does n't .
2	the production works more often than it does n't .
2	the production
3	works more often than it does n't .
3	works more often than it does n't
2	more often than it does n't
2	more often
2	than it does n't
2	it does n't
1	does n't
1	While Scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` Gangs '' is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
3	While Scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` Gangs '' is never lethargic
3	Scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` Gangs '' is never lethargic
3	Scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting
2	Scorsese 's bold images and
4	Scorsese 's bold images
2	Scorsese 's
2	bold images
3	generally smart casting
3	generally smart
2	ensure that `` Gangs '' is never lethargic
3	that `` Gangs '' is never lethargic
3	`` Gangs '' is never lethargic
2	Gangs '' is never lethargic
3	'' is never lethargic
3	is never lethargic
2	is never
0	, the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
0	the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
2	the movie
1	is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
0	is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
0	hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
0	by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
1	a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
2	a central plot
2	central plot
1	that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
1	's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
0	peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
1	peppered with false starts and
1	peppered with false starts
1	with false starts
2	false starts
0	populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
0	by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
0	characters who are nearly impossible to care about
1	who are nearly impossible to care about
1	are nearly impossible to care about
0	nearly impossible to care about
1	impossible to care about
3	to care about
2	care about
3	Watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown .
3	Watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time
4	this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time
3	this gentle , mesmerizing portrait
3	gentle , mesmerizing portrait
3	gentle , mesmerizing
4	, mesmerizing
2	of a man coming to terms with time
2	a man coming to terms with time
2	a man
2	coming to terms with time
2	to terms with time
2	terms with time
2	with time
3	, you barely realize your mind is being blown .
3	you barely realize your mind is being blown .
3	barely realize your mind is being blown .
3	realize your mind is being blown .
3	realize your mind is being blown
3	your mind is being blown
2	your mind
2	is being blown
2	being blown
3	The beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing .
4	The beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet
4	beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet
4	beautifully choreographed
2	kitchen ballet
3	is simple but absorbing .
3	is simple but absorbing
3	simple but absorbing
2	simple but
1	There 's ... an underlying Old World sexism to Monday Morning that undercuts its charm .
1	There 's ... an underlying Old World sexism to Monday Morning that undercuts its charm
2	There 's ...
2	There 's
2	an underlying Old World sexism to Monday Morning that undercuts its charm
2	an underlying Old World
2	underlying Old World
2	Old World
1	sexism to Monday Morning that undercuts its charm
2	to Monday Morning that undercuts its charm
2	Monday Morning that undercuts its charm
2	Monday Morning
2	that undercuts its charm
1	undercuts its charm
3	its charm
4	`` The best Disney movie since the Lion King ''
4	`` The best Disney movie
4	The best Disney movie
4	best Disney movie
2	Disney movie
2	since the Lion King ''
2	the Lion King ''
2	Lion King ''
2	King ''
4	Transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the X into the games .
4	Transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the X into the games
4	Transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and
4	Transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals
4	its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals
3	agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals
3	to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals
4	deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals
4	awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals
3	, at times sublime , visuals
3	, at times sublime ,
2	at times sublime ,
2	at times sublime
2	times sublime
4	offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the X into the games
3	offer a fascinating glimpse
3	a fascinating glimpse
3	fascinating glimpse
3	into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the X into the games
3	the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the X into the games
2	the subculture of extreme athletes
2	the subculture
2	of extreme athletes
2	extreme athletes
3	whose derring-do puts the X into the games
2	whose derring-do
2	puts the X into the games
2	puts the X
2	the X
2	into the games
2	the games
4	Think of it as Gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch .
3	Think of it as Gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
2	Think of it
2	of it
3	as Gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
2	as Gidget
4	, only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
3	only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
3	with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
3	muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
2	muscles and
3	a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
2	a lot
3	more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
2	more smarts , but
2	more smarts ,
3	more smarts
3	just as endearing and easy to watch
3	just as endearing and easy
3	as endearing and easy
3	endearing and easy
3	endearing and
2	to watch
1	There is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .
2	is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .
1	is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us
1	no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us
0	no solace here , no entertainment value ,
0	no solace here , no entertainment value
1	no solace here ,
1	no solace here
2	solace here
0	no entertainment value
2	entertainment value
2	merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us
2	merely a fierce lesson
2	a fierce lesson
2	fierce lesson
2	in where filmmaking can take us
2	where filmmaking can take us
2	filmmaking can take us
2	can take us
2	take us
3	Giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun .
1	Giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies
1	at the absurdities and inconsistencies
1	the absurdities and inconsistencies
0	absurdities and inconsistencies
1	absurdities and
2	is part of the fun .
3	is part of the fun
3	part of the fun
2	of the fun
3	the fun
4	But the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
4	the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
3	the talented cast
3	talented cast
3	alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
3	will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
3	will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes
4	keep you watching , as will the fight scenes
3	keep you watching ,
2	keep you watching
2	you watching
2	as will the fight scenes
2	will the fight scenes
2	the fight scenes
2	fight scenes
3	Arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .
2	paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .
2	paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation
2	a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation
2	a picture
3	of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation
2	lives lived in a state of quiet desperation
1	lived in a state of quiet desperation
2	in a state of quiet desperation
2	a state of quiet desperation
2	a state
1	of quiet desperation
2	quiet desperation
3	Drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but Turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst .
3	Drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but Turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst
2	Drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but
2	Drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare ,
2	Drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare
2	Drug abuse , infidelity and death
1	Drug abuse , infidelity and
2	Drug abuse , infidelity
2	Drug abuse ,
1	Drug abuse
2	are n't usually comedy fare
2	are n't usually
1	are n't
3	comedy fare
2	Turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst
2	Turpin 's film
2	Turpin 's
3	allows us to chuckle through the angst
2	us to chuckle through the angst
2	to chuckle through the angst
2	chuckle through the angst
2	through the angst
2	the angst
3	While Insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , Nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends -LRB- it -RRB- stimulating depth .
2	While Insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake
2	Insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake
1	is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake
1	in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake
2	many ways a conventional , even predictable remake
2	many ways
2	a conventional , even predictable remake
2	conventional , even predictable remake
2	, even predictable remake
1	even predictable remake
2	even predictable
3	, Nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends -LRB- it -RRB- stimulating depth .
4	Nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends -LRB- it -RRB- stimulating depth .
3	Nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair
3	Nolan 's penetrating undercurrent
2	Nolan 's
2	penetrating undercurrent
4	of cerebral and cinemantic flair
4	cerebral and cinemantic flair
3	and cinemantic flair
4	cinemantic flair
2	lends -LRB- it -RRB- stimulating depth .
2	lends -LRB- it -RRB- stimulating depth
2	lends -LRB- it -RRB-
2	-LRB- it -RRB-
2	it -RRB-
2	stimulating depth
3	Efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug .
3	gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug .
3	gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug
2	gives the neighborhood --
2	gives the neighborhood
2	the neighborhood
4	scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug
3	scenery , vibe and all --
3	scenery , vibe and all
2	scenery , vibe and
3	scenery , vibe
2	scenery ,
3	the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug
2	the cinematic equivalent
2	cinematic equivalent
3	of a big , tender hug
3	a big , tender hug
4	big , tender hug
3	, tender hug
3	tender hug
3	This is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light -LRB- yet unsentimental -RRB- touch .
2	is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light -LRB- yet unsentimental -RRB- touch .
3	is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light -LRB- yet unsentimental -RRB- touch
2	is a nicely
3	a nicely
3	handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light -LRB- yet unsentimental -RRB- touch
2	handled affair , a film about human darkness but
2	handled affair , a film about human darkness
2	affair , a film about human darkness
1	affair ,
2	a film about human darkness
2	a film
2	about human darkness
1	human darkness
2	etched with a light -LRB- yet unsentimental -RRB- touch
3	with a light -LRB- yet unsentimental -RRB- touch
3	a light -LRB- yet unsentimental -RRB- touch
2	light -LRB- yet unsentimental -RRB- touch
3	light -LRB- yet unsentimental -RRB-
2	-LRB- yet unsentimental -RRB-
2	yet unsentimental -RRB-
2	unsentimental -RRB-
4	Amazing !
3	A college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !
4	A college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing
2	A college story
2	college story
3	that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing
3	works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing
2	works even
3	without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing
1	vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing
1	vulgarity , sex scenes , and
2	vulgarity , sex scenes ,
1	vulgarity , sex scenes
2	vulgarity ,
2	sex scenes
3	The amazing film work is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
4	The amazing film work
4	amazing film work
2	film work
3	is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
3	is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others
3	is so convincing
3	so convincing
2	that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others
3	by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others
2	by movies ' end
2	movies ' end
2	movies '
2	you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others
2	'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others
2	swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others
2	swear you are wet in some places and
2	swear you are wet in some places
1	you are wet in some places
2	are wet in some places
2	wet in some places
2	in some places
2	some places
2	feel sand creeping in others
2	sand creeping in others
1	creeping in others
2	in others
3	A raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted Korean American stand-up 's I 'm the One That I Want .
3	A raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted Korean American stand-up
4	A raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up
4	raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up
3	raunchy and frequently hilarious
1	raunchy and
4	frequently hilarious
3	to the gifted Korean American stand-up
3	the gifted Korean American stand-up
3	gifted Korean American stand-up
2	Korean American stand-up
2	American stand-up
2	's I 'm the One That I Want .
2	's I 'm the One That I Want
2	I 'm the One That I Want
2	'm the One That I Want
3	the One That I Want
2	One That I Want
2	That I Want
2	I Want
4	If you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular .
3	If you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular
4	If you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience -
4	If you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience
2	If you ever wanted to be an astronaut
2	you ever wanted to be an astronaut
2	ever wanted to be an astronaut
2	wanted to be an astronaut
2	to be an astronaut
3	be an astronaut
2	an astronaut
4	, this is the ultimate movie experience
4	this is the ultimate movie experience
4	is the ultimate movie experience
4	the ultimate movie experience
4	ultimate movie experience
2	movie experience
4	it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular
4	's informative and breathtakingly spectacular
4	informative and breathtakingly spectacular
3	informative and
4	breathtakingly spectacular
4	While Parker and co-writer Catherine di Napoli are faithful to Melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any English Lit major would have thought possible .
3	While Parker and co-writer Catherine di Napoli are faithful to Melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any English Lit
3	Parker and co-writer Catherine di Napoli are faithful to Melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any English Lit
3	Parker and co-writer Catherine di Napoli are faithful to Melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast
2	Parker and co-writer Catherine di Napoli are faithful to Melville 's plotline , they and
3	Parker and co-writer Catherine di Napoli are faithful to Melville 's plotline , they
2	Parker and co-writer Catherine di Napoli
2	and co-writer Catherine di Napoli
2	co-writer Catherine di Napoli
2	Catherine di Napoli
2	di Napoli
3	are faithful to Melville 's plotline , they
2	are faithful to Melville 's plotline ,
2	are faithful to Melville 's plotline
3	faithful to Melville 's plotline
2	to Melville 's plotline
2	Melville 's plotline
2	Melville 's
3	a fully engaged supporting cast
3	fully engaged supporting cast
2	fully engaged
2	supporting cast
3	... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any English Lit
3	have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any English Lit
3	made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any English Lit
3	the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any English Lit
2	the old boy 's characters
2	the old boy 's
2	old boy 's
2	boy 's
3	more quick-witted than any English Lit
3	quick-witted than any English Lit
2	than any English Lit
2	any English Lit
2	English Lit
2	major would have thought possible .
2	would have thought possible .
2	would have thought possible
3	have thought possible
2	thought possible
4	A smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .
3	A smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy
4	A smart , sassy and exceptionally charming
4	smart , sassy and exceptionally charming
4	smart , sassy and
3	smart , sassy
3	smart ,
3	exceptionally charming
2	romantic comedy
3	There are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why .
3	There are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why
3	There are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ;
3	There are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe
2	are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe
2	flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe
1	flaws , but also
1	flaws ,
2	but also
4	stretches of impact and moments of awe
3	stretches of impact and moments
3	of impact and moments
2	impact and moments
2	impact and
3	of awe
3	we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why
3	're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why
3	wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why
2	wrapped up in the characters ,
3	wrapped up in the characters
2	wrapped up
2	in the characters
2	the characters
2	how they make their choices , and why
3	how they make their choices , and
2	how they make their choices ,
2	how they make their choices
2	they make their choices
2	make their choices
2	their choices
3	A gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema
3	A gift
3	to anyone who loves both dance and cinema
3	anyone who loves both dance and cinema
3	who loves both dance and cinema
3	loves both dance and cinema
2	both dance and cinema
2	dance and cinema
2	dance and
2	It seems Grant does n't need the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammers after all .
2	seems Grant does n't need the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammers after all .
3	seems Grant does n't need the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammers after all
2	Grant does n't need the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammers after all
2	does n't need the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammers after all
1	does n't
2	need the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammers after all
2	need the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammers
2	the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammers
2	the floppy hair and
3	the floppy hair
1	floppy hair
2	the self-deprecating stammers
1	self-deprecating stammers
2	after all
4	A reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , Spielberg knows how to tell us about people .
2	A reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz
2	A reminder that
2	A reminder
2	beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz
2	all the hype and recent digital glitz
2	all the hype and
2	all the hype
1	the hype
2	recent digital glitz
2	digital glitz
3	, Spielberg knows how to tell us about people .
4	Spielberg knows how to tell us about people .
3	knows how to tell us about people .
3	knows how to tell us about people
2	how to tell us about people
2	to tell us about people
2	tell us about people
2	tell us
2	about people
4	One of the finest , most humane and important Holocaust movies ever made .
4	One of the finest
3	of the finest
4	the finest
4	, most humane and important Holocaust movies ever made .
3	most humane and important Holocaust movies ever made .
3	most humane and important Holocaust movies
3	most humane and important
4	humane and important
2	humane and
2	Holocaust movies
2	ever made .
2	ever made
4	An engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .
4	An engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary
4	engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary
4	engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic
2	engrossing and
4	infectiously enthusiastic
4	A beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder .
4	A beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder
4	A beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions --
4	A beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions
4	A beautiful , timeless and universal tale
3	beautiful , timeless and universal tale
3	, timeless and universal tale
4	timeless and universal tale
2	and universal tale
2	universal tale
2	of heated passions
2	heated passions
1	jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder
2	, betrayal , forgiveness and murder
1	betrayal , forgiveness and murder
2	, forgiveness and murder
2	forgiveness and murder
2	forgiveness and
3	A culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling American in Europe .
3	A culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny ,
4	A culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny
2	A culture-clash comedy that ,
2	A culture-clash comedy that
3	A culture-clash comedy
3	culture-clash comedy
3	in addition to being very funny
3	addition to being very funny
3	to being very funny
4	being very funny
4	very funny
2	captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling American in Europe .
1	captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling American in Europe
1	some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling American in Europe
1	of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling American in Europe
1	the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling American in Europe
1	the discomfort and embarrassment
0	discomfort and embarrassment
2	discomfort and
2	of being a bumbling American in Europe
2	being a bumbling American in Europe
2	a bumbling American in Europe
2	a bumbling American
2	bumbling American
2	in Europe
3	Shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .
2	, devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .
2	devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .
2	devastating documentary on two
2	devastating documentary
2	on two
1	maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .
1	maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral
2	maladjusted teens
1	in a downward narcotized spiral
1	a downward narcotized spiral
2	downward narcotized spiral
2	narcotized spiral
4	Extraordinary debut from Josh Koury .
3	Extraordinary debut from Josh Koury
4	Extraordinary debut
2	from Josh Koury
2	Josh Koury
4	The most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-Semitism and neo-fascism .
4	The most compelling performance of the year
4	The most compelling performance
3	most compelling performance
3	most compelling
2	of the year
2	the year
4	adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-Semitism and neo-fascism .
3	adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-Semitism and neo-fascism
3	adds substantial depth
3	substantial depth
0	to this shocking testament to anti-Semitism and neo-fascism
1	this shocking testament to anti-Semitism and neo-fascism
2	this shocking testament
2	shocking testament
2	to anti-Semitism and neo-fascism
1	anti-Semitism and neo-fascism
2	anti-Semitism and
3	For those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .
2	For those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s
2	those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s
2	who are intrigued by politics of the '70s
2	are intrigued by politics of the '70s
2	intrigued by politics of the '70s
2	by politics of the '70s
2	politics of the '70s
2	of the '70s
2	the '70s
2	, the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .
3	the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .
2	the film
3	is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .
2	is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed
4	is every bit as fascinating
3	every bit as fascinating
2	every bit
3	as fascinating
1	as it is flawed
1	it is flawed
0	is flawed
3	All right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny -LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .
2	All right
4	, so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny -LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .
3	so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny -LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .
3	so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny -LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
1	so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but
1	so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking ,
0	so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking
1	it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking
3	's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking
2	's not
4	a brilliant piece of filmmaking
4	a brilliant piece
4	brilliant piece
2	of filmmaking
3	it is a funny -LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
3	is a funny -LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
4	a funny -LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
4	a funny -LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB- comedy
3	funny -LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB- comedy
4	funny -LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB-
3	-LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB-
3	sometimes hilarious -RRB-
4	hilarious -RRB-
3	with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
3	a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
2	a deft sense
3	deft sense
3	of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
3	humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
3	about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
3	itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
3	itself , a playful spirit and
3	itself , a playful spirit
2	itself ,
3	a playful spirit
3	playful spirit
2	a game cast
2	game cast
4	Douglas McGrath 's Nicholas Nickleby does Dickens as it should be done cinematically .
2	Douglas McGrath 's Nicholas Nickleby
2	Douglas McGrath 's
2	McGrath 's
2	Nicholas Nickleby
2	does Dickens as it should be done cinematically .
3	does Dickens as it should be done cinematically
2	does Dickens
2	as it should be done cinematically
3	it should be done cinematically
2	should be done cinematically
2	be done cinematically
3	done cinematically
4	It 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .
4	's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .
2	's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell
3	a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell
3	a lovely , eerie film
3	lovely , eerie film
2	, eerie film
2	eerie film
2	that casts an odd , rapt spell
2	casts an odd , rapt spell
2	an odd , rapt spell
1	odd , rapt spell
2	, rapt spell
3	rapt spell
3	The quirky and recessive charms of co-stars Martin Donovan and Mary-Louise Parker help overcome the problematic script .
3	The quirky and recessive charms of co-stars Martin Donovan and Mary-Louise Parker
3	The quirky and recessive charms
3	quirky and recessive charms
2	and recessive charms
2	recessive charms
2	of co-stars Martin Donovan and Mary-Louise Parker
2	co-stars Martin Donovan and Mary-Louise Parker
2	Martin Donovan and Mary-Louise Parker
2	Donovan and Mary-Louise Parker
2	and Mary-Louise Parker
2	Mary-Louise Parker
1	help overcome the problematic script .
2	help overcome the problematic script
1	overcome the problematic script
1	the problematic script
1	problematic script
3	It 's good to see Michael Caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
4	's good to see Michael Caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
3	's good to see Michael Caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again
3	good to see Michael Caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again
2	to see Michael Caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again
2	see Michael Caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again
2	Michael Caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again
2	Michael Caine
2	whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again
2	whipping out the dirty words and
1	whipping out the dirty words
2	whipping out
2	the dirty words
2	dirty words
1	punching people in the stomach again
2	punching people in the stomach
2	people in the stomach
2	in the stomach
2	the stomach
2	You just know something terrible is going to happen .
2	just know something terrible is going to happen .
2	know something terrible is going to happen .
2	know something terrible is going to happen
2	something terrible is going to happen
2	something terrible
2	is going to happen
2	going to happen
2	to happen
2	But when it does , you 're entirely unprepared .
2	when it does , you 're entirely unprepared .
2	when it does
2	it does
1	, you 're entirely unprepared .
2	you 're entirely unprepared .
1	're entirely unprepared .
1	're entirely unprepared
1	entirely unprepared
3	It 's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .
4	's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .
3	's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom
3	's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive
3	's fun , wispy ,
3	's fun , wispy
3	's fun ,
3	's fun
2	wise and surprisingly inoffensive
2	wise and
3	surprisingly inoffensive
2	for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom
2	a film about a teen in love with his stepmom
2	a film
2	about a teen in love with his stepmom
2	a teen in love with his stepmom
2	a teen
2	in love with his stepmom
2	love with his stepmom
2	with his stepmom
2	his stepmom
3	Able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .
3	Able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history
3	to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history
3	provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history
3	provide insight
4	into a fascinating part of theater history
4	a fascinating part of theater history
3	a fascinating part
3	fascinating part
3	of theater history
2	theater history
3	An unflinching , complex portrait of a modern Israel that is rarely seen on-screen .
3	An unflinching , complex portrait of a modern Israel that is rarely seen on-screen
3	An unflinching ,
2	An unflinching
3	complex portrait of a modern Israel that is rarely seen on-screen
3	complex portrait of a modern Israel
2	complex portrait
2	of a modern Israel
2	a modern Israel
2	modern Israel
2	that is rarely seen on-screen
2	is rarely seen on-screen
2	is rarely
2	seen on-screen
2	A Jewish WW II doc that is n't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience !
2	A Jewish WW II
2	Jewish WW II
2	WW II
3	doc that is n't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience !
2	doc that is n't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience
2	that is n't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience
3	is n't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience
1	is n't
0	trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience
2	trying simply
1	to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience
1	out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience
1	out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress
1	, out-outrage or out-depress
2	out-outrage or out-depress
2	out-outrage or
2	its potential audience
2	potential audience
2	Who knew ...
2	Who knew
3	It 's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .
4	's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .
3	's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence
3	a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence
2	a familiar story , but
2	a familiar story ,
2	a familiar story
2	familiar story
3	one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence
4	that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence
4	is presented with great sympathy and intelligence
4	presented with great sympathy and intelligence
3	with great sympathy and intelligence
3	great sympathy and intelligence
3	sympathy and intelligence
2	sympathy and
3	Gently humorous and touching .
3	humorous and touching .
3	humorous and touching
3	humorous and
3	It wo n't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , Finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a Saturday matinee .
2	It wo n't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , Finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a Saturday matinee
1	It wo n't hold up over the long haul , but
1	It wo n't hold up over the long haul ,
1	It wo n't hold up over the long haul
1	wo n't hold up over the long haul
2	wo n't
2	hold up over the long haul
2	hold up
2	over the long haul
2	the long haul
2	long haul
2	in the moment , Finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a Saturday matinee
2	in the moment
2	the moment
3	, Finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a Saturday matinee
3	Finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a Saturday matinee
2	Finch 's tale
2	Finch 's
1	provides the forgettable pleasures of a Saturday matinee
2	the forgettable pleasures of a Saturday matinee
2	the forgettable pleasures
2	forgettable pleasures
2	of a Saturday matinee
2	a Saturday matinee
2	Saturday matinee
4	Kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation .
2	Kinnear 's performance
2	Kinnear 's
3	is a career-defining revelation .
4	is a career-defining revelation
4	a career-defining revelation
4	career-defining revelation
3	The film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .
2	The film
2	is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .
3	is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol
4	predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol
3	in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol
3	the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol
2	the reassuring manner
3	reassuring manner
3	of a beautifully sung holiday carol
3	a beautifully sung holiday carol
3	beautifully sung holiday carol
3	beautifully sung
3	holiday carol
1	... hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .
0	hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .
1	hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
1	every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
1	every cliche
2	we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
2	've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
2	come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
2	come to expect ,
2	come to expect
2	to expect
1	including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
2	the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
2	the assumption
2	that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
2	that `` crazy ''
1	`` crazy ''
2	crazy ''
3	people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
3	are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
4	innocent , childlike and inherently funny
2	innocent , childlike and
3	innocent , childlike
3	innocent ,
4	inherently funny
2	The strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film .
2	The strong subject matter
2	strong subject matter
2	strong subject
2	continues to shock throughout the film .
3	continues to shock throughout the film
1	to shock throughout the film
2	shock throughout the film
2	throughout the film
2	the film
2	Not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by The Piano Teacher .
2	Not everyone
2	will play the dark , challenging tune taught by The Piano Teacher .
2	will play the dark , challenging tune taught by The Piano Teacher
2	play the dark , challenging tune taught by The Piano Teacher
2	the dark , challenging tune taught by The Piano Teacher
3	the dark , challenging tune
2	dark , challenging tune
2	dark , challenging
2	, challenging
2	taught by The Piano Teacher
2	by The Piano Teacher
3	The Piano Teacher
2	Piano Teacher
3	A certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .
3	A certain sexiness
3	certain sexiness
2	underlines even the dullest tangents .
1	underlines even the dullest tangents
2	even the dullest tangents
1	the dullest tangents
1	dullest tangents
3	You may be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear .
3	may be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear .
4	may be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
4	be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
3	be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still
4	be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and
3	be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star ,
4	be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star
3	be captivated ,
4	be captivated
3	as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star
2	I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star
3	was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star
3	was , by its moods , and by its subtly
2	was ,
2	by its moods , and by its subtly
2	by its moods
2	its moods
2	, and by its subtly
3	, and
2	by its subtly
2	its subtly
3	transformed star
3	wonder why Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
4	why Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
3	Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
2	Paul Thomas Anderson
2	Thomas Anderson
3	ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
3	had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
3	the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
3	inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
4	to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
4	make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
2	the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
4	the most sincere and artful movie
4	most sincere and artful movie
3	most sincere and artful
3	sincere and artful
2	sincere and
2	in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
2	in which
2	Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
3	Adam Sandler
2	will probably ever appear
2	probably ever appear
2	ever appear
4	There is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when Friel pulls the strings that make Williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in Williams is as visceral as a gut punch .
3	There is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when Friel pulls the strings that make Williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in Williams is as visceral as a gut punch
3	There is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and
2	There is no substitute for on-screen chemistry ,
3	There is no substitute for on-screen chemistry
1	is no substitute for on-screen chemistry
3	no substitute for on-screen chemistry
2	no substitute
3	for on-screen chemistry
3	on-screen chemistry
2	when Friel pulls the strings that make Williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in Williams is as visceral as a gut punch
2	when Friel pulls the strings that make Williams sink into melancholia
1	Friel pulls the strings that make Williams sink into melancholia
3	pulls the strings that make Williams sink into melancholia
2	the strings that make Williams sink into melancholia
2	the strings
1	that make Williams sink into melancholia
2	make Williams sink into melancholia
2	Williams sink into melancholia
1	sink into melancholia
1	into melancholia
2	, the reaction in Williams is as visceral as a gut punch
3	the reaction in Williams is as visceral as a gut punch
2	the reaction in Williams
2	the reaction
2	in Williams
3	is as visceral as a gut punch
2	is as visceral
2	as visceral
2	as a gut punch
1	a gut punch
2	a gut
3	That old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in Morvern Callar .
3	That old adage about women being unknowable
2	That old adage
2	old adage
2	about women being unknowable
2	women being unknowable
2	being unknowable
3	gets an exhilarating new interpretation in Morvern Callar .
4	gets an exhilarating new interpretation in Morvern Callar
4	an exhilarating new interpretation in Morvern Callar
3	an exhilarating new interpretation
3	exhilarating new interpretation
4	exhilarating new
2	in Morvern Callar
2	Morvern Callar
4	A mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .
4	A mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in
2	A mix
3	of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in
3	gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in
3	gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion
4	realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion
3	realism , crisp storytelling and radiant
3	realism , crisp storytelling and
3	realism , crisp storytelling
3	, crisp storytelling
3	crisp storytelling
4	that effortlessly draws you in
3	effortlessly draws you in
3	draws you in
3	draws you
3	After watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
2	After watching it
2	watching it
3	, you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
3	you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
3	can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
3	can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
2	can only
4	love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
3	the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
2	the players
4	it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
3	brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
3	to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
2	to the fore for the gifted
2	the fore for the gifted
2	the fore
2	for the gifted
2	the gifted
3	but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
3	but no-nonsense human beings they are and
2	but no-nonsense human beings they are
2	no-nonsense human beings they are
2	no-nonsense human beings
2	human beings
2	they are
4	for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
4	the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
3	the still-inestimable contribution
4	still-inestimable contribution
2	they have made to our shared history
2	have made to our shared history
2	made to our shared history
2	to our shared history
2	our shared history
2	shared history
4	In his U.S. debut , Mr. Schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
2	In his U.S. debut
2	his U.S. debut
2	U.S. debut
4	, Mr. Schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
4	Mr. Schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
2	Mr. Schnitzler
4	proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
3	proves himself a deft pace master and stylist
3	himself a deft pace master and stylist
4	a deft pace master and stylist
2	a deft pace master and
3	a deft pace master
2	deft pace master
2	pace master
2	Ultimate X is a ride , basically the kind of greatest-hits reel that might come with a subscription to ESPN the Magazine .
2	Ultimate X
2	is a ride , basically the kind of greatest-hits reel that might come with a subscription to ESPN the Magazine .
3	is a ride , basically the kind of greatest-hits reel that might come with a subscription to ESPN the Magazine
3	a ride , basically the kind of greatest-hits reel that might come with a subscription to ESPN the Magazine
3	a ride , basically
2	a ride ,
2	a ride
2	the kind of greatest-hits reel that might come with a subscription to ESPN the Magazine
2	the kind of greatest-hits reel
2	the kind
3	of greatest-hits reel
4	greatest-hits reel
2	that might come with a subscription to ESPN the Magazine
2	might come with a subscription to ESPN the Magazine
2	come with a subscription to ESPN the Magazine
2	with a subscription to ESPN the Magazine
2	a subscription to ESPN the Magazine
2	subscription to ESPN the Magazine
2	to ESPN the Magazine
2	ESPN the Magazine
2	the Magazine
4	Rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , Jiang Wen 's Devils on the Doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut .
3	Rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword
3	Rich in shadowy metaphor
2	in shadowy metaphor
2	shadowy metaphor
2	and as sharp as a samurai sword
4	as sharp as a samurai sword
3	sharp as a samurai sword
2	as a samurai sword
2	a samurai sword
2	samurai sword
2	, Jiang Wen 's Devils on the Doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut .
3	Jiang Wen 's Devils on the Doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut .
2	Jiang Wen 's Devils on the Doorstep
2	Jiang Wen 's Devils
2	Jiang Wen 's
2	Wen 's
2	on the Doorstep
2	the Doorstep
3	is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut .
3	is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut
2	a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut
3	a wartime farce in the alternately comic and
2	a wartime farce in the alternately comic
2	a wartime farce
2	wartime farce
2	in the alternately comic
2	the alternately comic
2	alternately comic
3	gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut
2	gut-wrenching style
2	of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut
2	Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut
2	Joseph Heller or
2	Joseph Heller
2	Kurt Vonnegut
4	Offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film .
4	Offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film
3	a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film
3	a clear-eyed chronicle
3	clear-eyed chronicle
4	of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film
4	a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film
2	a female friendship
2	female friendship
3	that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film
3	is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film
3	is more complex and honest
4	more complex and honest
4	complex and honest
2	complex and
2	than anything represented in a Hollywood film
2	anything represented in a Hollywood film
2	represented in a Hollywood film
2	in a Hollywood film
3	a Hollywood film
2	Hollywood film
4	A winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others .
4	A winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others
4	A winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying
4	A winning comedy with its wry observations
3	A winning comedy
3	winning comedy
3	with its wry observations
2	its wry observations
3	wry observations
3	about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying
2	long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying
3	long-lived friendships and
3	long-lived friendships
2	the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying
2	the ways
2	in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying
2	in which
3	we all lose track of ourselves by trying
2	all lose track of ourselves by trying
2	lose track of ourselves by trying
2	lose track of ourselves
2	track of ourselves
2	of ourselves
2	by trying
3	to please others
2	please others
3	Its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway .
3	Its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances
2	Its cast full
2	cast full
2	of caffeinated comedy performances
2	caffeinated comedy performances
2	comedy performances
3	more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway .
3	more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway
2	more than
2	make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway
2	make up
1	for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway
1	its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway
1	its logical loopholes ,
2	its logical loopholes
2	logical loopholes
1	which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway
2	fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway
2	by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway
2	so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway
2	so fast
2	there 's no time to think about them anyway
2	's no time to think about them anyway
2	no time to think about them anyway
2	time to think about them anyway
2	to think about them anyway
2	think about them anyway
2	think about them
2	about them
2	Lohman adapts to the changes required of her , but the actress and director Peter Kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
1	adapts to the changes required of her , but the actress and director Peter Kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
1	to the changes required of her , but the actress and director Peter Kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
2	the changes required of her , but the actress and director Peter Kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
2	the changes
1	required of her , but the actress and director Peter Kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
2	required of her , but
2	required of her ,
2	required of her
2	of her
2	the actress and director Peter Kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
2	the actress and director
2	actress and director
2	actress and
1	Peter Kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
2	Peter Kosminsky
1	never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
3	get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
2	the audience to break through the wall her character erects
2	the audience
2	to break through the wall her character erects
2	break through the wall her character erects
2	break through the wall
3	through the wall
2	the wall
3	her character erects
2	character erects
3	Although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , `` Orange County '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
1	Although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick
1	it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick
1	includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick
1	a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick
3	a fair share
2	fair share
0	of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick
0	dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick
1	dumb drug jokes and
1	dumb drug jokes
2	drug jokes
2	predictable slapstick
3	, `` Orange County '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
4	`` Orange County '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
3	Orange County '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
2	Orange County
3	'' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
3	is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
3	is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be
2	is far funnier
3	far funnier
2	than it would seem to have any right to be
2	it would seem to have any right to be
2	would seem to have any right to be
2	seem to have any right to be
2	to have any right to be
2	have any right to be
2	any right to be
3	right to be
2	to be
2	For a movie audience , The Hours does n't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love .
2	For a movie audience
2	a movie audience
2	movie audience
3	, The Hours does n't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love .
2	The Hours does n't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love .
2	The Hours
2	does n't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love .
3	does n't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love
1	does n't connect in a neat way , but
1	does n't connect in a neat way ,
1	does n't connect in a neat way
1	does n't
3	connect in a neat way
3	in a neat way
3	a neat way
2	neat way
3	introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love
3	characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love
2	who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love
3	illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love
3	mysteries of sex , duty and love
2	of sex , duty and love
3	sex , duty and love
2	, duty and love
3	duty and love
2	duty and
3	A bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .
3	A bright , inventive
4	bright , inventive
2	bright ,
4	, thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .
3	thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .
3	thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy
3	winning flight of revisionist fancy
2	flight of revisionist fancy
2	of revisionist fancy
3	revisionist fancy
4	Ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .
2	Ozpetek 's effort
2	Ozpetek 's
2	has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .
3	has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie
3	the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie
2	the scope and shape
2	scope and shape
3	scope and
3	of an especially well-executed television movie
3	an especially well-executed television movie
4	especially well-executed television movie
4	especially well-executed
2	television movie
3	Affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with Spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .
3	the gifts of all involved , starting with Spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .
2	the gifts of all
2	the gifts
2	of all
3	involved , starting with Spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .
2	involved , starting with Spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together
3	involved ,
3	starting with Spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together
2	starting with Spielberg and
2	starting with Spielberg
2	with Spielberg
3	going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together
3	right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together
2	right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off --
2	right through the ranks of the players
2	through the ranks of the players
2	the ranks of the players
3	the ranks
2	of the players
2	the players
2	-- on-camera and off --
2	on-camera and off --
2	on-camera and off
2	on-camera and
2	that he brings together
3	he brings together
2	brings together
3	A delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , Mostly Martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
3	A delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity
4	A delightful little film
3	delightful little film
2	little film
2	that revels in its own simplicity
3	revels in its own simplicity
3	in its own simplicity
2	its own simplicity
2	own simplicity
3	, Mostly Martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
3	Mostly Martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
3	Martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
3	will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
3	will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach
3	leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach
2	leave you
3	with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach
3	a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach
3	a smile on your face and
3	a smile on your face
3	a smile
2	on your face
2	your face
2	a grumble in your stomach
2	a grumble
2	in your stomach
2	your stomach
3	Makes one thing abundantly clear .
2	Makes one thing abundantly clear
2	one thing abundantly clear
2	one thing
2	abundantly clear
3	American musical comedy as we know it would n't exist without the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway .
2	American musical comedy as we
2	American musical comedy
2	musical comedy
3	as we
4	know it would n't exist without the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway .
3	know it would n't exist without the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
3	it would n't exist without the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
3	would n't exist without the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
2	would n't
2	exist without the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
3	without the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
3	the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
2	the precedent
3	of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
3	Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
2	Yiddish theater ,
2	Yiddish theater
3	whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
3	jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
3	, fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
3	fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
2	fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit
3	fun-for-fun 's
2	- sake communal spirit
2	sake communal spirit
3	communal spirit
3	goes to the essence of Broadway
2	to the essence of Broadway
2	the essence of Broadway
2	the essence
2	of Broadway
3	Deepa Mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood in the Western world .
2	Deepa Mehta
4	provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood in the Western world .
3	provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood in the Western world
3	provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood
4	an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood
3	an accessible introduction as well as
3	an accessible introduction
2	accessible introduction
2	as well as
2	well as
4	some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood
3	some intelligent observations
3	intelligent observations
3	on the success of Bollywood
2	the success of Bollywood
2	the success
2	of Bollywood
2	in the Western world
2	the Western world
2	Western world
4	If anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
2	If anything
4	, the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
3	the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
2	the film
3	is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
3	is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans
3	doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans
3	something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans
3	something of a public service --
3	something of a public service
2	of a public service
2	a public service
2	public service
4	shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans
3	shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians
2	shedding light
4	on a group of extremely talented musicians
3	a group of extremely talented musicians
2	a group
3	of extremely talented musicians
4	extremely talented musicians
4	extremely talented
3	who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans
2	might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans
2	might otherwise
1	go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans
3	go unnoticed and underappreciated
1	unnoticed and underappreciated
2	unnoticed and
2	by music fans
3	music fans
4	In addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , Changing Lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
4	In addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat
3	addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat
3	to gluing you to the edge of your seat
4	gluing you to the edge of your seat
2	gluing you
3	to the edge of your seat
4	the edge of your seat
3	the edge
2	of your seat
2	your seat
3	, Changing Lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
4	Changing Lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
2	Changing Lanes
4	is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
3	is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight
2	is also
3	a film of freshness , imagination and insight
2	a film
4	of freshness , imagination and insight
3	freshness , imagination and insight
3	, imagination and insight
3	imagination and insight
2	imagination and
3	Pan Nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient Indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic .
3	Pan Nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient Indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic
3	Pan Nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and
4	Pan Nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious ,
4	Pan Nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious
2	Pan Nalin 's exposition
2	Pan Nalin 's
2	Nalin 's
4	is beautiful and mysterious
4	beautiful and mysterious
3	beautiful and
3	the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient Indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic
2	the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient Indian practice ,
2	the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient Indian practice
2	the interviews that follow ,
2	the interviews that follow
2	the interviews
2	that follow
2	with the practitioners of this ancient Indian practice
2	the practitioners of this ancient Indian practice
2	the practitioners
2	of this ancient Indian practice
2	this ancient Indian practice
2	ancient Indian practice
2	Indian practice
3	are as subtle and as enigmatic
3	as subtle and as enigmatic
2	as subtle and
2	as subtle
2	as enigmatic
3	The mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a T.
2	The mood , look and tone of the film
2	The mood , look and tone
2	mood , look and tone
2	, look and tone
2	look and tone
2	look and
2	of the film
2	the film
4	fit the incredible storyline to a T.
3	fit the incredible storyline
4	the incredible storyline
4	incredible storyline
3	to a T.
2	a T.
4	It 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old Ferris Bueller .
3	It 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old Ferris Bueller
3	It 's crafty , energetic and smart --
4	It 's crafty , energetic and smart
4	's crafty , energetic and smart
3	crafty , energetic and smart
3	, energetic and smart
3	energetic and smart
3	energetic and
2	the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old Ferris Bueller
2	the kid
2	is sort of like a fourteen-year old Ferris Bueller
2	is sort of
2	sort of
2	like a fourteen-year old Ferris Bueller
2	a fourteen-year old Ferris Bueller
2	fourteen-year old Ferris Bueller
2	old Ferris Bueller
2	Ferris Bueller
4	A work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry .
4	A work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry
3	A work of extraordinary journalism , but
3	A work of extraordinary journalism ,
4	A work of extraordinary journalism
3	work of extraordinary journalism
4	of extraordinary journalism
4	extraordinary journalism
2	it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry
3	is also a work of deft and subtle poetry
2	is also
3	a work of deft and subtle poetry
2	a work
3	of deft and subtle poetry
3	deft and subtle poetry
3	deft and subtle
2	deft and
3	It 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .
4	's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .
3	's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once
4	's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful ,
2	's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful
4	funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful
4	funny and human and really
3	funny and human and
3	funny and human
3	funny and
3	pretty damned wonderful
4	damned wonderful
2	all at once
2	at once
4	At 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .
2	At 78 minutes
2	78 minutes
4	it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .
4	just zings along with vibrance and warmth .
4	zings along with vibrance and warmth .
4	zings along with vibrance and warmth
2	zings along
3	with vibrance and warmth
3	vibrance and warmth
3	vibrance and
4	A strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .
3	A strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort
1	A strangely
3	stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort
4	experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort
3	that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort
4	finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort
4	finds warmth in the coldest environment and
3	finds warmth in the coldest environment
3	finds warmth
2	in the coldest environment
2	the coldest environment
2	coldest environment
3	makes each crumb of emotional comfort
2	each crumb of emotional comfort
2	each crumb
3	of emotional comfort
3	emotional comfort
3	feel like a 10-course banquet .
3	feel like a 10-course banquet
3	like a 10-course banquet
3	a 10-course banquet
3	10-course banquet
2	Sometimes this ` Blood ' seems as tired as its protagonist ... Still , the pulse never disappears entirely , and the picture crosses the finish line winded but still game .
3	Sometimes this ` Blood ' seems as tired as its protagonist ... Still , the pulse never disappears entirely , and the picture crosses the finish line winded but still game
1	Sometimes this ` Blood ' seems as tired as its protagonist ...
1	Sometimes this ` Blood ' seems as tired as its protagonist
1	this ` Blood ' seems as tired as its protagonist
2	this ` Blood '
2	` Blood '
2	Blood '
1	seems as tired as its protagonist
1	as tired as its protagonist
1	tired as its protagonist
2	as its protagonist
2	its protagonist
2	Still , the pulse never disappears entirely , and the picture crosses the finish line winded but still game
3	Still , the pulse never disappears entirely , and
3	Still , the pulse never disappears entirely ,
2	Still , the pulse never disappears entirely
2	, the pulse never disappears entirely
2	the pulse never disappears entirely
2	the pulse
2	never disappears entirely
2	disappears entirely
2	the picture crosses the finish line winded but still game
2	the picture
3	crosses the finish line winded but still game
2	the finish line winded but still game
2	the finish line winded but still
1	the finish line winded but
2	the finish line winded
3	the finish line
2	finish line
2	The stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt .
2	The stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters
2	The stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and
2	The stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery
2	The stripped-down dramatic constructs ,
2	The stripped-down dramatic constructs
2	stripped-down dramatic constructs
2	dramatic constructs
2	austere imagery
3	abstract characters
3	are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt .
3	are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt
3	equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt
2	equal parts
3	poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt
3	poetry and politics ,
2	poetry and politics
2	poetry and
3	obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt
2	obvious at times but
2	obvious at times
2	at times
3	evocative and heartfelt
3	evocative and
2	Dogtown and Z-Boys more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become `` the punk kids ' revolution . ''
2	Dogtown and Z-Boys
2	Dogtown and
3	more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become `` the punk kids ' revolution . ''
2	more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become `` the punk kids ' revolution .
3	more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become `` the punk kids ' revolution
2	more than
2	exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become `` the punk kids ' revolution
2	the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become `` the punk kids ' revolution
3	the roots of the skateboarding boom
2	the roots
3	of the skateboarding boom
2	the skateboarding boom
2	skateboarding boom
2	that would become `` the punk kids ' revolution
1	would become `` the punk kids ' revolution
2	become `` the punk kids ' revolution
2	become ``
3	the punk kids ' revolution
2	the punk kids '
1	punk kids '
2	kids '
4	... plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .
4	plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .
3	plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family
3	of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family
3	warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family
3	warmth to go around , with music and laughter and
3	warmth to go around , with music and laughter
3	to go around , with music and laughter
3	go around , with music and laughter
2	go around ,
2	go around
3	with music and laughter
3	music and laughter
2	music and
3	the love of family
3	the love
2	of family
3	It 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .
3	'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .
4	'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense
3	keep you wide awake and ... very tense
3	keep you wide awake and ...
4	keep you wide awake and
2	you wide awake and
2	wide awake and
2	awake and
2	very tense
3	Could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .
3	Could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals
1	Could use a little more humanity , but
1	Could use a little more humanity ,
1	Could use a little more humanity
2	use a little more humanity
3	a little more humanity
2	little more humanity
2	little more
4	it never lacks in eye-popping visuals
3	never lacks in eye-popping visuals
1	lacks in eye-popping visuals
4	in eye-popping visuals
3	eye-popping visuals
4	-LRB- Danny Huston gives -RRB- an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .
3	Danny Huston gives -RRB- an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .
2	Danny Huston gives
2	Huston gives
4	-RRB- an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .
4	an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .
4	an astounding performance
4	astounding performance
3	that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .
4	that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk
2	that deftly , gradually
2	that deftly ,
2	that deftly
3	reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk
2	a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk
3	a real human soul
3	real human soul
2	human soul
2	buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk
2	beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk
2	a spellbinding serpent 's smirk
2	a spellbinding serpent 's
3	spellbinding serpent 's
2	serpent 's
4	These three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .
2	These three films
2	three films
4	form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .
3	form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people
3	a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people
3	a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically ,
4	a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically
3	a remarkably cohesive whole ,
4	a remarkably cohesive whole
3	remarkably cohesive whole
3	remarkably cohesive
2	both visually and thematically
3	visually and thematically
2	visually and
3	through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people
3	their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people
3	their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment
3	consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment
4	consistently sensitive and often exciting
3	consistently sensitive and
3	consistently sensitive
3	often exciting
1	of an ignored people
2	an ignored people
2	ignored people
4	A funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' is given a full workout .
3	A funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for ''
4	A funny and well-contructed black comedy
4	funny and well-contructed black comedy
4	funny and well-contructed
3	funny and
2	black comedy
1	where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for ''
2	the old adage `` be careful what you wish for ''
2	the old adage
2	old adage
2	`` be careful what you wish for ''
1	be careful what you wish for ''
1	be careful what you wish for
2	careful what you wish for
3	what you wish for
2	you wish for
2	wish for
2	is given a full workout .
2	is given a full workout
2	given a full workout
2	a full workout
2	full workout
3	It reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .
2	reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .
3	reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death
3	reaffirms life
2	as it looks in the face of death
2	it looks in the face of death
2	looks in the face of death
2	in the face of death
1	the face of death
2	the face
1	of death
3	The film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
2	The film
3	is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
2	is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy
3	is reasonably entertaining ,
3	is reasonably entertaining
3	reasonably entertaining
1	though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy
1	it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy
1	begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy
1	to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy
2	drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy
1	drag two-thirds through ,
1	drag two-thirds through
2	drag two-thirds
2	when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy
1	the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy
2	the melodramatic aspects
2	melodramatic aspects
2	start to overtake the comedy
2	to overtake the comedy
2	overtake the comedy
2	the comedy
4	This is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on Jerry Springer .
3	is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on Jerry Springer .
3	is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on Jerry Springer
3	more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on Jerry Springer
3	more fascinating -- being real --
3	more fascinating
3	-- being real --
2	being real --
3	being real
1	than anything seen on Jerry Springer
2	anything seen on Jerry Springer
2	seen on Jerry Springer
2	on Jerry Springer
2	Jerry Springer
3	A different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know .
2	A different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers
1	A different movie -- sometimes tedious --
2	A different movie
2	different movie
1	-- sometimes tedious --
1	sometimes tedious --
1	sometimes tedious
2	by a director many viewers
2	a director many viewers
2	director many viewers
2	many viewers
2	would like to skip but film buffs should get to know .
2	would like to skip but film buffs should get to know
3	like to skip but film buffs should get to know
2	to skip but film buffs should get to know
1	skip but film buffs should get to know
3	but film buffs should get to know
2	film buffs should get to know
3	film buffs
2	should get to know
2	get to know
2	to know
2	Williams plays Sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in Insomnia .
2	plays Sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in Insomnia .
2	plays Sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in Insomnia
2	Sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in Insomnia
3	Sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen ,
2	Sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen
2	Sy ,
3	another of his open-faced , smiling madmen
2	of his open-faced , smiling madmen
2	his open-faced , smiling madmen
2	open-faced , smiling madmen
2	, smiling madmen
2	smiling madmen
2	like the killer in Insomnia
1	the killer in Insomnia
2	the killer
2	in Insomnia
4	He does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
3	He does this so well
4	does this so well
2	does this
3	so well
3	you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
3	do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
3	do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role
2	do n't
1	have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role
1	the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role
2	the slightest difficulty
1	slightest difficulty
3	accepting him in the role
3	accepting him
2	in the role
2	the role
2	Twist open the Ouzo !
2	open the Ouzo !
2	open the Ouzo
2	the Ouzo
2	It 's time to let your hair down -- Greek style .
2	's time to let your hair down -- Greek style .
2	's time to let your hair down -- Greek style
3	time to let your hair down -- Greek style
3	time to let your hair down --
3	time to let your hair down
2	to let your hair down
2	let your hair down
2	let your hair
2	your hair
2	Greek style
4	A vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .
4	A vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it
4	A vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that
3	A vibrant whirlwind
3	vibrant whirlwind
3	of love , family and all that
2	love , family and all that
3	love , family and
3	love , family
2	love ,
2	all that
2	goes with it
3	with it
4	, My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .
4	My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .
2	My Big Fat Greek Wedding
2	Big Fat Greek Wedding
2	Fat Greek Wedding
2	Greek Wedding
4	is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .
3	is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe
4	a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe
4	a non-stop funny feast
3	non-stop funny feast
3	funny feast
3	of warmth , colour and cringe
2	warmth , colour and cringe
1	, colour and cringe
2	colour and cringe
2	colour and
3	Thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .
4	Thought-provoking and stylish
3	Thought-provoking and
2	, if also somewhat hermetic .
3	if also somewhat hermetic .
2	if also somewhat hermetic
2	also somewhat hermetic
2	somewhat hermetic
4	Broomfield is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles .
3	Broomfield is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles
4	Broomfield is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and
3	Broomfield is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness ,
3	Broomfield is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness
3	is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness
2	energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness
3	by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness
3	Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness
2	Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury ,
1	Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury
2	Volletta Wallace 's
2	Wallace 's
2	maternal fury
3	her fearlessness
2	because of that , his film crackles
2	because of that
3	of that
2	, his film crackles
3	his film crackles
2	his film
3	While it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .
2	While it has definite weaknesses
1	it has definite weaknesses
1	has definite weaknesses
2	definite weaknesses
4	-- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .
1	-- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending --
0	like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending --
2	like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending
2	a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending
2	a rather unbelievable love interest and
1	a rather unbelievable love interest
2	rather unbelievable love interest
1	rather unbelievable
3	love interest
2	a meandering ending
1	meandering ending
4	this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .
2	this '60s caper film
2	'60s caper film
2	caper film
3	is a riveting , brisk delight .
3	is a riveting , brisk delight
4	a riveting , brisk delight
4	riveting , brisk delight
3	, brisk delight
3	brisk delight
3	Funny in a sick , twisted sort of way .
3	Funny in a sick , twisted sort of way
1	in a sick , twisted sort of way
1	a sick , twisted sort of way
2	a sick , twisted sort
1	sick , twisted sort
1	, twisted sort
2	twisted sort
2	of way
3	If cinema had been around to capture the chaos of France in the 1790 's , one imagines the result would look like something like this .
2	If cinema had been around to capture the chaos of France in the 1790 's
2	cinema had been around to capture the chaos of France in the 1790 's
2	had been around to capture the chaos of France in the 1790 's
2	been around to capture the chaos of France in the 1790 's
3	around to capture the chaos of France in the 1790 's
3	to capture the chaos of France in the 1790 's
3	capture the chaos of France in the 1790 's
2	capture the chaos of France
2	the chaos of France
2	the chaos
2	of France
2	in the 1790 's
2	the 1790 's
2	1790 's
2	, one imagines the result would look like something like this .
2	one imagines the result would look like something like this .
2	imagines the result would look like something like this .
2	imagines the result would look like something like this
2	the result would look like something like this
2	the result
3	would look like something like this
2	look like something like this
2	like something like this
2	something like this
2	like this
3	It 's a talking head documentary , but a great one .
4	's a talking head documentary , but a great one .
3	's a talking head documentary , but a great one
3	a talking head documentary , but a great one
2	a talking head documentary ,
2	a talking head documentary
2	talking head documentary
2	head documentary
4	but a great one
3	a great one
3	great one
2	The Fast Runner ' transports the viewer into an unusual space
2	The Fast Runner '
2	Fast Runner '
2	Runner '
3	transports the viewer into an unusual space
3	transports the viewer
2	the viewer
2	into an unusual space
2	an unusual space
2	unusual space
3	Ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese ` cultural revolution . '
3	engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese ` cultural revolution . '
3	engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese ` cultural revolution .
2	engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese ` cultural revolution
2	less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese ` cultural revolution
3	less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese
3	for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese
3	its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese
2	its story
2	of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese
3	actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese
2	actorly existential despair
2	actorly existential
2	than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese
2	than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse
3	for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse
3	its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse
3	boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse
2	formal innovations and glimpse
3	innovations and glimpse
3	innovations and
2	into another kind of Chinese
2	another kind of Chinese
2	another kind
2	of Chinese
3	` cultural revolution
2	cultural revolution
4	... a solid , well-formed satire .
3	a solid , well-formed satire .
4	a solid , well-formed satire
3	a solid ,
2	a solid
3	well-formed satire
3	As part of Mr. Dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in America , Family Fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .
2	As part of Mr. Dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in America
2	part of Mr. Dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in America
2	of Mr. Dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in America
2	Mr. Dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in America
2	Mr. Dong 's continuing exploration
2	Mr. Dong 's
2	Dong 's
2	continuing exploration
2	of homosexuality in America
2	homosexuality in America
2	in America
2	, Family Fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .
2	Family Fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .
2	Family Fundamentals
2	is an earnest study in despair .
4	is an earnest study in despair
3	an earnest study in despair
3	an earnest study
3	earnest study
2	in despair
3	Most consumers of lo mein and General Tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
2	Most consumers of lo mein and General Tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it
2	Most consumers
1	of lo mein and General Tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it
2	lo mein and General Tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it
2	lo mein and General Tso 's
2	mein and General Tso 's
2	and General Tso 's
2	General Tso 's
2	Tso 's
1	chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it
1	barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it
2	give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it
3	give a thought to the folks who prepare and
2	give a thought to the folks who prepare
2	give a thought
2	a thought
2	to the folks who prepare
3	the folks who prepare
2	the folks
2	who prepare
2	deliver it
3	, so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
3	so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
3	, hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
3	hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
4	, this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
3	this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
2	this film
3	will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
2	will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons
2	attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons
2	attach a human face
2	a human face
2	human face
2	to all those little steaming cartons
2	all those little steaming cartons
2	those little steaming cartons
2	little steaming cartons
2	steaming cartons
3	Hatosy ... portrays young Brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .
3	... portrays young Brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .
3	portrays young Brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .
3	portrays young Brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue
3	portrays young Brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety ,
3	portrays young Brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety
2	portrays young Brendan
2	young Brendan
3	with his usual intelligence and subtlety
3	his usual intelligence and subtlety
3	usual intelligence and subtlety
3	intelligence and subtlety
3	intelligence and
3	not to mention a convincing brogue
2	to mention a convincing brogue
2	mention a convincing brogue
3	a convincing brogue
2	convincing brogue
3	The filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment .
3	The filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance
3	The filmmakers ' eye for detail and
3	The filmmakers ' eye for detail
2	The filmmakers ' eye
2	The filmmakers '
2	filmmakers '
2	for detail
3	the high standards of performance
3	the high standards
3	high standards
2	of performance
3	convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment .
3	convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment
2	a strong sense of the girls ' environment
2	a strong sense
2	strong sense
2	of the girls ' environment
2	the girls ' environment
2	the girls '
2	girls '
3	Uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof .
3	Uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious
2	Uneven ,
3	self-conscious but often hilarious
2	self-conscious but
4	often hilarious
2	spoof .
1	Even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , Spy Kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .
3	Even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment
3	bigger and more ambitious than the first installment
2	bigger and more ambitious
2	bigger and
3	more ambitious
2	than the first installment
2	the first installment
2	first installment
0	, Spy Kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .
1	Spy Kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .
2	Spy Kids 2
2	Kids 2
1	looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .
1	looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man
2	as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man
2	if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man
2	it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man
1	were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man
2	made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man
2	by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man
3	a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man
3	a highly gifted 12-year-old
3	highly gifted 12-year-old
2	gifted 12-year-old
2	instead of a grown man
2	of a grown man
2	a grown man
2	grown man
3	Thanks to The Château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation , almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .
3	Thanks to The Château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation
2	to The Château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation
3	The Château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation
2	The Château 's balance
2	The Château 's
2	Château 's
3	of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation
4	whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation
3	whimsicality , narrative discipline and
4	whimsicality , narrative discipline
3	whimsicality ,
3	narrative discipline
2	serious improvisation
3	, almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .
3	almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .
2	almost every relationship and personality in the film
2	almost every relationship and personality
2	every relationship and personality
2	relationship and personality
3	relationship and
2	in the film
2	the film
3	yields surprises .
3	yields surprises
3	Alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .
2	Alan and his fellow survivors
2	Alan and
2	his fellow survivors
2	fellow survivors
3	are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .
3	are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise
3	idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise
2	idiosyncratic enough
2	to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise
3	lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise
2	the movie above its playwriting 101 premise
2	the movie
2	above its playwriting 101 premise
3	its playwriting 101 premise
1	playwriting 101 premise
2	101 premise
4	Fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , Narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .
1	Fresh and raw like a blown-out vein
3	Fresh and raw
3	Fresh and
1	like a blown-out vein
1	a blown-out vein
2	blown-out vein
3	, Narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .
3	Narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .
3	takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .
3	takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it
2	takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and
2	takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre
2	a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre
2	walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre
2	, cop-flick subgenre
2	cop-flick subgenre
3	beats new life into it
3	beats new life
2	new life
2	into it
3	The premise of Jason X is silly but strangely believable .
2	The premise of Jason X
2	The premise
1	of Jason X
2	Jason X
3	is silly but strangely believable .
3	is silly but strangely believable
3	silly but strangely believable
3	but strangely believable
3	strangely believable
4	It 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .
3	's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .
4	's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout
4	a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout
4	a wise and powerful tale
4	wise and powerful tale
3	wise and powerful
2	wise and
3	of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout
4	race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout
2	race and culture
2	race and
4	forcefully told , with superb performances throughout
4	told , with superb performances throughout
2	told ,
3	with superb performances throughout
4	superb performances throughout
4	superb performances
3	An awfully good , achingly human picture .
3	An awfully good , achingly human picture
4	awfully good , achingly human picture
3	awfully good , achingly human
3	good , achingly human
3	, achingly human
3	achingly human
2	The cast comes through even when the movie does n't .
2	The cast
2	comes through even when the movie does n't .
2	comes through even when the movie does n't
1	through even when the movie does n't
2	even when the movie does n't
2	even when
2	the movie does n't
2	the movie
1	does n't
2	You 'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you 'll laugh .
3	You 'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you 'll laugh
2	You 'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but
3	You 'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness ,
2	You 'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness
3	'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness
3	laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness
1	at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness
1	either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness
2	either the obviousness
1	the obviousness
2	of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness
2	it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness
2	it all or
2	it all
2	its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness
1	its stupidity or
1	its stupidity
3	maybe even its inventiveness
3	even its inventiveness
3	its inventiveness
3	the point is , you 'll laugh
2	the point
3	is , you 'll laugh
2	is ,
3	you 'll laugh
3	'll laugh
4	Definitely worth 95 minutes of your time .
3	Definitely worth 95 minutes of your time
4	Definitely worth 95 minutes
3	Definitely worth
3	95 minutes
2	of your time
2	your time
3	The film jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod .
2	The film
3	jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod .
3	jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod
3	jolts the laughs from the audience --
3	jolts the laughs from the audience
3	jolts the laughs
3	the laughs
2	from the audience
2	the audience
1	as if by cattle prod
2	if by cattle prod
2	if by cattle
2	by cattle
4	A sexy , surprising romance ... Idemoto and Kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .
4	A sexy , surprising romance ... Idemoto and Kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger
4	A sexy , surprising romance ...
4	A sexy , surprising romance
4	sexy , surprising romance
3	, surprising romance
3	surprising romance
4	Idemoto and Kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger
2	Idemoto and Kim
2	Idemoto and
3	make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger
3	make a gorgeous pair ...
4	make a gorgeous pair
3	a gorgeous pair
3	gorgeous pair
3	their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger
2	their scenes brim
3	scenes brim
2	with sexual possibility and emotional danger
2	sexual possibility and emotional danger
2	sexual possibility and
2	sexual possibility
2	emotional danger
3	Toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away .
3	Toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away
2	Toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ;
3	Toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well
3	the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well
2	the fine line between cheese and
1	the fine line between cheese
2	the fine line
2	fine line
2	between cheese
4	earnestness remarkably well
3	remarkably well
4	everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away
4	is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away
4	delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away
3	delivered with such conviction
2	with such conviction
3	such conviction
3	that it 's hard not to be carried away
3	it 's hard not to be carried away
3	's hard not to be carried away
2	's hard
2	not to be carried away
2	to be carried away
2	be carried away
2	carried away
3	Whereas Oliver Stone 's conspiracy thriller JFK was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , Interview with the Assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .
3	Whereas Oliver Stone 's conspiracy thriller JFK was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy
3	Oliver Stone 's conspiracy thriller JFK was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy
3	Oliver Stone 's conspiracy thriller JFK
2	Oliver Stone 's
2	Stone 's
2	conspiracy thriller JFK
2	thriller JFK
3	was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy
3	long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy
3	long , intricate , star-studded and
3	long , intricate , star-studded
2	long , intricate ,
2	long , intricate
1	long ,
3	visually flashy
3	, Interview with the Assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .
3	Interview with the Assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .
2	Interview with the Assassin
2	with the Assassin
2	the Assassin
3	draws its considerable power from simplicity .
3	draws its considerable power from simplicity
3	draws its considerable power
3	its considerable power
3	considerable power
2	from simplicity
4	Funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .
4	Funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic
3	Funny , sexy ,
3	Funny , sexy
3	Funny ,
2	devastating and incurably romantic
2	devastating and
3	incurably romantic
3	Triple X is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude .
3	Triple X is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude
2	Triple X is a double agent , and
2	Triple X is a double agent ,
2	Triple X is a double agent
3	Triple X
2	is a double agent
2	a double agent
2	double agent
2	he 's one bad dude
2	's one bad dude
2	one bad dude
2	bad dude
3	When you 've got the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
3	When you 've got the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation
3	you 've got the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation
2	've got the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation
3	got the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation
3	the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation
3	the wildly popular Vin Diesel
3	wildly popular Vin Diesel
3	wildly popular
2	Vin Diesel
2	in the equation
2	the equation
2	, it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
4	it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
3	adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
3	adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed
2	adds up
3	to big box office bucks all but guaranteed
2	big box office bucks all but guaranteed
3	big box office bucks
2	box office bucks
2	office bucks
2	all but guaranteed
2	all but
4	Very well-written and very well-acted .
4	Very well-written and very well-acted
4	Very well-written and
4	Very well-written
4	very well-acted
4	A powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .
3	A powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s
4	A powerful and telling story that examines
3	A powerful and telling story
4	powerful and telling story
3	powerful and telling
3	powerful and
2	that examines
3	forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s
3	forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today
3	love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today
2	love , racial tension , and
2	love , racial tension ,
2	love , racial tension
2	love ,
1	racial tension
2	other issues that are as valid today
2	other issues
3	that are as valid today
2	are as valid today
2	are as valid
2	as valid
2	as they were in the 1950s
2	they were in the 1950s
2	were in the 1950s
2	in the 1950s
2	the 1950s
1	You emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .
1	emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .
1	emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary
2	emerge dazed ,
2	emerge dazed
2	confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary
2	confused as
1	to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary
2	whether you 've seen pornography or documentary
2	you 've seen pornography or documentary
2	've seen pornography or documentary
2	seen pornography or documentary
1	pornography or documentary
2	pornography or
3	It ai n't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year 's lame Musketeer , this Dumas adaptation entertains .
2	It ai n't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year 's lame Musketeer , this Dumas adaptation entertains
2	It ai n't art , by a long shot , but
1	It ai n't art , by a long shot ,
1	It ai n't art , by a long shot
1	ai n't art , by a long shot
1	ai n't art ,
1	ai n't art
2	ai n't
2	by a long shot
1	a long shot
2	long shot
3	unlike last year 's lame Musketeer , this Dumas adaptation entertains
2	unlike last year 's lame Musketeer
0	last year 's lame Musketeer
2	last year 's
2	year 's
1	lame Musketeer
3	, this Dumas adaptation entertains
3	this Dumas adaptation entertains
2	this Dumas adaptation
2	Dumas adaptation
4	likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .
4	likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes
3	thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes
2	to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes
3	its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes
2	its cast , its cuisine and
2	its cast , its cuisine
2	its cast ,
2	its cast
2	its cuisine
2	its quirky tunes
2	quirky tunes
3	Chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century America .
2	Chilling in its objective portrait of dreary
2	in its objective portrait of dreary
2	its objective portrait of dreary
3	its objective portrait
2	objective portrait
2	of dreary
2	, lost twenty-first century America .
2	lost twenty-first century America .
2	lost twenty-first century America
2	lost twenty-first century
2	twenty-first century
3	Highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
3	recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
3	recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it
3	as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it
4	an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it
3	an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and
3	an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event
3	an engrossing story
4	engrossing story
1	about a horrifying historical event
2	a horrifying historical event
2	horrifying historical event
3	historical event
2	the elements which contributed to it
2	the elements
2	which contributed to it
2	contributed to it
2	to it
3	... there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
3	there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
4	's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
4	's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages
3	enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages
3	enough cool fun here
4	enough cool fun
3	enough cool
4	to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages
3	warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages
3	the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages
2	the hearts
3	of animation enthusiasts of all ages
3	animation enthusiasts of all ages
3	animation enthusiasts
3	of all ages
2	all ages
3	It manages to squeeze by on Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .
3	manages to squeeze by on Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .
2	manages to squeeze by on Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy
2	to squeeze by on Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy
2	squeeze by on Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy
3	by on Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy
3	on Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy
3	Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy
3	Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair
2	Angelina Jolie 's
2	Jolie 's
3	surprising flair
3	for self-deprecating comedy
3	self-deprecating comedy
4	Secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .
3	manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .
3	manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie
2	manages a neat trick ,
3	manages a neat trick
3	a neat trick
3	neat trick
3	bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie
2	bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance
3	the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance
2	the flowers
3	of perversity , comedy and romance
2	perversity , comedy and romance
3	, comedy and romance
2	comedy and romance
3	comedy and
3	into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie
3	a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie
3	a strangely tempting bouquet
3	strangely tempting bouquet
3	strangely tempting
2	of a movie
2	a movie
4	Judith and Zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
2	Judith and Zaza 's extended bedroom sequence
2	Judith and
2	Zaza 's extended bedroom sequence
2	Zaza 's
2	extended bedroom sequence
2	bedroom sequence
4	... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
3	is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
4	is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
3	is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing
4	so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing
3	so intimate and sensual and funny and
4	so intimate and sensual and funny
3	so intimate and
3	so intimate
3	sensual and funny
3	sensual and
2	psychologically self-revealing
2	that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
3	it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
2	makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
0	most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
0	of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
1	what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
0	passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
0	for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
1	sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
2	sex in the movies
2	in the movies
2	the movies
0	look like cheap hysterics
2	like cheap hysterics
1	cheap hysterics
2	Photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic .
3	Photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic
3	Photographed with melancholy richness and
3	Photographed with melancholy richness
3	with melancholy richness
2	melancholy richness
3	eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic
2	performed yet also decidedly uncinematic
1	yet also decidedly uncinematic
1	also decidedly uncinematic
1	decidedly uncinematic
3	A knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .
3	A knowing
3	look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .
3	look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor
3	at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor
3	female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor
3	female friendship ,
2	female friendship
3	spiked with raw urban humor
3	with raw urban humor
3	raw urban humor
2	urban humor
3	As I settled into my World War II memories , I found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
2	As I settled into my World War II memories
2	I settled into my World War II memories
2	settled into my World War II memories
2	into my World War II memories
2	my World War II memories
2	World War II memories
2	War II memories
2	II memories
3	, I found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
3	I found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
3	found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
3	found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances
2	myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances
3	strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances
2	moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances
1	by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances
1	even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances
0	even the corniest and most hackneyed
1	even the corniest and
1	even the corniest
0	the corniest
1	most hackneyed
4	The overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .
2	The overall effect
2	overall effect
4	is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .
2	is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude
3	awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude
4	awe and affection -- and
3	awe and affection --
3	awe and affection
2	awe and
3	a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude
2	strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude
2	urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude
3	to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude
2	get on a board and , uh , shred , dude
1	get on a board and , uh , shred ,
2	get on a board and
2	get on a board
3	on a board
2	a board
2	, uh , shred ,
1	uh , shred ,
2	uh , shred
2	uh ,
4	It 's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .
4	's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .
3	's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor
3	's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet
4	that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet
3	that rare family movie --
3	that rare family movie
3	rare family movie
3	family movie
3	genuine and sweet
3	genuine and
2	without relying on animation or dumb humor
1	relying on animation or dumb humor
2	on animation or dumb humor
2	animation or dumb humor
2	animation or
1	dumb humor
2	The Trinity Assembly approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony , and George Ratliff 's documentary , Hell House , reflects their earnestness -- which makes for a terrifying film .
2	The Trinity Assembly approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony , and George Ratliff 's documentary , Hell House , reflects their earnestness -- which makes for a terrifying film
1	The Trinity Assembly approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony , and
2	The Trinity Assembly approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony ,
2	The Trinity Assembly approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony
2	The Trinity Assembly
2	Trinity Assembly
1	approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony
2	approaches the endeavor
3	the endeavor
1	with a shocking lack of irony
2	a shocking lack of irony
1	a shocking lack
1	shocking lack
2	of irony
3	George Ratliff 's documentary , Hell House , reflects their earnestness -- which makes for a terrifying film
2	George Ratliff 's documentary , Hell House ,
2	George Ratliff 's documentary , Hell House
2	George Ratliff 's documentary ,
2	George Ratliff 's documentary
2	George Ratliff 's
2	Ratliff 's
1	Hell House
3	reflects their earnestness -- which makes for a terrifying film
3	their earnestness -- which makes for a terrifying film
2	their earnestness --
3	their earnestness
2	which makes for a terrifying film
3	makes for a terrifying film
2	for a terrifying film
2	a terrifying film
3	terrifying film
3	Confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of Barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture .
3	Confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of Barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture
2	Confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of Barris ' motivations , but
2	Confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of Barris ' motivations ,
2	Confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of Barris ' motivations
2	Confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor
2	Confessions may not be a straightforward bio ,
1	Confessions may not be a straightforward bio
1	may not be a straightforward bio
1	may not
3	be a straightforward bio
2	a straightforward bio
2	straightforward bio
2	does it offer much in the way of Barris ' motivations
2	does it
2	offer much in the way of Barris ' motivations
2	offer much
2	in the way of Barris ' motivations
2	the way of Barris ' motivations
2	the way
2	of Barris ' motivations
2	Barris ' motivations
2	Barris '
3	the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture
2	the film
3	is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture
3	an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture
3	an oddly fascinating depiction
3	oddly fascinating depiction
3	oddly fascinating
2	of an architect of pop culture
3	an architect of pop culture
2	an architect
2	of pop culture
2	pop culture
4	A special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of Memento ...
3	A special kind of movie
3	A special kind
2	special kind
2	of movie
3	, this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of Memento ...
2	this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of Memento ...
2	this melancholic film noir
2	melancholic film noir
2	film noir
2	reminded me a lot of Memento ...
2	reminded me a lot of Memento
3	me a lot of Memento
2	a lot of Memento
2	a lot
2	of Memento
3	Simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
3	Simple , poignant and leavened with humor
3	Simple , poignant and leavened
3	, poignant and leavened
3	poignant and leavened
3	poignant and
3	with humor
4	, it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
4	it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
4	's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
3	's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship
4	a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship
2	a film
4	that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship
3	affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship
3	the nourishing aspects of love and companionship
2	the nourishing aspects
3	nourishing aspects
3	of love and companionship
2	love and companionship
3	love and
3	Together , Miller , Kuras and the actresses make Personal Velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .
3	, Miller , Kuras and the actresses make Personal Velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .
2	Miller , Kuras and the actresses make Personal Velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .
3	Miller , Kuras and the actresses
2	Miller , Kuras and
2	Miller , Kuras
2	Miller ,
2	the actresses
3	make Personal Velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .
3	make Personal Velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey
2	make Personal Velocity
3	Personal Velocity
4	into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey
4	an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey
4	intricate , intimate and intelligent journey
4	intricate , intimate and intelligent
4	, intimate and intelligent
3	intimate and intelligent
2	intimate and
4	The wonder of Mostly Martha is the performance of Gedeck , who makes Martha enormously endearing .
3	The wonder of Mostly Martha
2	The wonder
2	of Mostly Martha
2	Mostly Martha
3	is the performance of Gedeck , who makes Martha enormously endearing .
3	is the performance of Gedeck , who makes Martha enormously endearing
4	the performance of Gedeck , who makes Martha enormously endearing
2	the performance
2	of Gedeck , who makes Martha enormously endearing
3	Gedeck , who makes Martha enormously endearing
1	Gedeck ,
3	who makes Martha enormously endearing
3	makes Martha enormously endearing
3	Martha enormously endearing
4	enormously endearing
3	With Notorious C.H.O. Cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy .
2	With Notorious
4	C.H.O. Cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy .
2	C.H.O. Cho
3	proves she has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy .
4	proves she has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy
4	she has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy
3	has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy
3	the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy
3	stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy
3	to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy
3	stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy
3	stand tall
2	with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy
2	Pryor , Carlin and Murphy
2	, Carlin and Murphy
2	Carlin and Murphy
2	Carlin and
2	Less front-loaded and more shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990 .
2	Less front-loaded and more shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990
2	Less front-loaded and
3	Less front-loaded
3	more shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990
2	shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990
2	than the two-hour version released here in 1990
2	the two-hour version released here in 1990
2	the two-hour version
2	two-hour version
2	released here in 1990
2	released here
2	in 1990
3	Watching War Photographer , you come to believe that Nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
2	Watching War Photographer
2	War Photographer
3	, you come to believe that Nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
3	you come to believe that Nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
2	come to believe that Nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
3	come to believe that Nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals
2	to believe that Nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals
3	believe that Nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals
2	that Nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals
3	Nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals
2	hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals
3	the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals
2	the wars
3	he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals
2	shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals
2	shows and empathizes
2	shows and
2	with the victims he reveals
2	the victims he reveals
1	the victims
2	he reveals
4	-LRB- A -RRB- real pleasure in its laid-back way .
3	-LRB- A -RRB- real pleasure in its laid-back way
2	-LRB- A -RRB-
2	A -RRB-
3	real pleasure in its laid-back way
3	real pleasure
3	in its laid-back way
3	its laid-back way
2	laid-back way
2	Some may choose to interpret the film 's end as hopeful or optimistic but I think Payne is after something darker .
3	Some may choose to interpret the film 's end as hopeful or optimistic but I think Payne is after something darker
2	Some may choose to interpret the film 's end as hopeful or optimistic but
2	Some may choose to interpret the film 's end as hopeful or optimistic
3	may choose to interpret the film 's end as hopeful or optimistic
3	choose to interpret the film 's end as hopeful or optimistic
3	to interpret the film 's end as hopeful or optimistic
3	interpret the film 's end as hopeful or optimistic
2	the film 's end as hopeful or optimistic
2	the film 's end
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	as hopeful or optimistic
4	hopeful or optimistic
2	hopeful or
2	I think Payne is after something darker
2	think Payne is after something darker
2	Payne is after something darker
1	is after something darker
2	after something darker
2	something darker
3	Though it runs 163 minutes , Safe Conduct is anything but languorous .
1	Though it runs 163 minutes
2	it runs 163 minutes
1	runs 163 minutes
2	163 minutes
2	, Safe Conduct is anything but languorous .
3	Safe Conduct is anything but languorous .
2	Safe Conduct
2	is anything but languorous .
3	is anything but languorous
2	anything but languorous
2	anything but
2	It 's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history .
3	's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history .
3	's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history
4	packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history
3	to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history
3	bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history
2	bursting with incident , and
2	bursting with incident ,
3	bursting with incident
2	with incident
2	with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history
2	with scores of characters , some fictional , some
2	scores of characters , some fictional , some
2	of characters , some fictional , some
2	characters , some fictional , some
2	characters ,
2	some fictional , some
2	some fictional ,
2	some fictional
2	from history
4	A much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian English title would have you believe .
4	A much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian English title
4	A much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising --
4	A much better documentary
3	much better documentary
3	much better
4	-- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising --
3	more revealing , more emotional and more surprising --
4	more revealing , more emotional and more surprising
3	more revealing , more emotional and
3	more revealing , more emotional
2	more revealing ,
2	more revealing
3	more emotional
2	more surprising
2	than its pedestrian English title
2	its pedestrian English title
2	pedestrian English title
2	English title
2	would have you believe .
2	would have you believe
2	have you believe
2	you believe
3	Notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , I 'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal , and also the unique way Shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl -
3	Notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , I 'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal , and also the unique way Shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl
3	Notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , I 'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal , and
3	Notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , I 'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal ,
3	Notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , I 'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
1	Notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour
1	my problem with the movie 's final half hour
2	my problem
2	with the movie 's final half hour
2	the movie 's final half hour
2	the movie 's
2	movie 's
2	final half hour
2	half hour
3	, I 'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
3	I 'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
3	'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
4	going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
4	to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
3	recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
3	recommend SECRETARY ,
3	recommend SECRETARY
4	based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
4	on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
4	the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
2	the wonderful acting clinic
3	wonderful acting clinic
2	acting clinic
2	put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
2	put on
2	by Spader and Gyllenhaal
2	Spader and Gyllenhaal
2	Spader and
4	also the unique way Shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl
3	the unique way Shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl
3	the unique way Shainberg
3	unique way Shainberg
2	way Shainberg
3	goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl
4	about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl
3	telling what at heart is a sweet little girl
2	what at heart is a sweet little girl
4	at heart is a sweet little girl
2	at heart
2	is a sweet little girl
3	a sweet little girl
2	sweet little girl
2	little girl
3	A well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity .
4	A well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it
3	A well-crafted film
4	well-crafted film
4	that is all the more remarkable because it
3	is all the more remarkable because it
3	all the more remarkable because it
2	all the more
2	the more
3	remarkable because it
2	because it
3	achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity .
4	achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity
3	achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation
3	its emotional power and moments of revelation
2	its emotional power and
3	its emotional power
3	emotional power
2	moments of revelation
2	of revelation
3	with restraint and a delicate ambiguity
2	restraint and a delicate ambiguity
2	restraint and
3	a delicate ambiguity
3	delicate ambiguity
3	The film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong .
2	The film
2	has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong .
3	has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong
2	the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong
3	uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong
3	ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong
2	to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong
3	right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong
2	itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong
2	precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong
2	precisely when
2	you think it 's in danger of going wrong
1	think it 's in danger of going wrong
1	it 's in danger of going wrong
1	's in danger of going wrong
2	in danger of going wrong
2	danger of going wrong
2	of going wrong
1	going wrong
3	My Big Fat Greek Wedding is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family .
2	My Big Fat Greek Wedding
2	Big Fat Greek Wedding
2	Fat Greek Wedding
2	Greek Wedding
4	is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family .
4	is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family
4	is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , '
4	is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film ,
3	is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film
3	that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film
3	that rare animal
2	rare animal
4	known as ' a perfect family film
3	as ' a perfect family film
2	as '
4	a perfect family film
3	perfect family film
2	family film
2	because it 's about family
3	it 's about family
2	's about family
2	about family
3	would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` The French Lieutenant 's Woman . '
3	would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` The French Lieutenant 's Woman .
3	would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` The French Lieutenant 's Woman
3	make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` The French Lieutenant 's Woman
3	make an excellent companion piece
4	an excellent companion piece
3	excellent companion piece
3	companion piece
2	to the similarly themed ` The French Lieutenant 's Woman
2	the similarly themed ` The French Lieutenant 's Woman
2	the similarly themed `
2	the similarly themed
3	similarly themed
3	The French Lieutenant 's Woman
2	French Lieutenant 's Woman
2	Lieutenant 's Woman
2	Lieutenant 's
4	... with the gifted Pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled Machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
3	with the gifted Pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled Machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
3	with the gifted Pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically
3	the gifted Pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically
3	the gifted Pearce on hand
3	the gifted Pearce
2	gifted Pearce
2	on hand
2	to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically
2	keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically
2	keep things on semi-stable ground
2	things on semi-stable ground
2	on semi-stable ground
2	semi-stable ground
3	, this retooled Machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
3	this retooled Machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
2	this retooled Machine
2	retooled Machine
3	is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
3	is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself
3	is ultimately
3	effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself
3	effective enough
3	at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself
3	achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself
3	the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself
2	the modest , crowd-pleasing goals
4	modest , crowd-pleasing goals
3	, crowd-pleasing goals
4	crowd-pleasing goals
2	it sets for itself
2	sets for itself
2	for itself
2	A movie that 's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it 's - funny level .
0	A movie that 's just plain awful but still
2	A movie
0	that 's just plain awful but still
0	's just plain awful but still
0	just plain awful but still
0	just plain awful but
0	just plain awful
0	plain awful
2	manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it 's - funny level .
3	manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it 's - funny level
3	to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it 's - funny level
2	entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it 's - funny level
2	on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it 's - funny level
3	a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it 's - funny level
3	a guilty-pleasure ,
3	a guilty-pleasure
2	so-bad-it 's - funny level
1	so-bad-it 's
3	- funny level
3	funny level
3	A disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an Alice in Wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of TV 's Big Brother .
1	A disoriented but occasionally disarming saga
2	disoriented but occasionally disarming saga
1	disoriented but occasionally
2	disoriented but
2	disarming saga
2	packed with moments out of an Alice in Wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of TV 's Big Brother .
2	packed with moments out of an Alice in Wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of TV 's Big Brother
3	packed with moments out of an Alice
2	with moments out of an Alice
3	moments out of an Alice
2	out of an Alice
2	of an Alice
2	an Alice
2	in Wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of TV 's Big Brother
3	Wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of TV 's Big Brother
3	Wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and
3	Wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller ,
2	Wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller
2	Wonderland adventure ,
2	Wonderland adventure
2	a stalker thriller
2	stalker thriller
2	a condensed season of TV 's Big Brother
2	a condensed season
2	condensed season
2	of TV 's Big Brother
2	TV 's Big Brother
2	TV 's
2	Big Brother
3	Functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
2	Functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
3	as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
3	both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
4	a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
3	a revealing look at the collaborative process and
3	a revealing look at the collaborative process
3	a revealing look
2	revealing look
2	at the collaborative process
3	the collaborative process
2	collaborative process
3	a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
3	a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile
2	timely , tongue-in-cheek profile
3	timely , tongue-in-cheek
2	, tongue-in-cheek
2	of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
1	the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
2	the corporate circus
1	corporate circus
3	that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
1	is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
2	the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
2	the recording industry
2	recording industry
1	in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
2	the current climate of mergers and downsizing
2	the current climate
2	current climate
2	of mergers and downsizing
1	mergers and downsizing
2	mergers and
2	With a confrontational stance , Todd Solondz takes aim on political correctness and suburban families .
2	With a confrontational stance
2	a confrontational stance
1	confrontational stance
2	, Todd Solondz takes aim on political correctness and suburban families .
3	Todd Solondz takes aim on political correctness and suburban families .
2	Todd Solondz
2	takes aim on political correctness and suburban families .
2	takes aim on political correctness and suburban families
2	takes aim
2	on political correctness and suburban families
2	political correctness and suburban families
2	political correctness and
2	political correctness
2	suburban families
2	A mess , but it 's a sincere mess .
0	A mess
2	, but it 's a sincere mess .
1	, but it 's a sincere mess
2	, but
1	it 's a sincere mess
1	's a sincere mess
2	a sincere mess
1	sincere mess
1	This odd , distant Portuguese import more or less borrows from Bad Lieutenant and Les Vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film .
1	This odd , distant Portuguese import more or less
2	This odd , distant Portuguese import
2	odd , distant Portuguese import
2	, distant Portuguese import
2	distant Portuguese import
2	Portuguese import
2	more or less
2	more or
2	borrows from Bad Lieutenant and Les Vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film .
2	borrows from Bad Lieutenant and Les Vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film
2	borrows from Bad Lieutenant and Les Vampires , and
1	borrows from Bad Lieutenant and Les Vampires ,
2	borrows from Bad Lieutenant and Les Vampires
2	from Bad Lieutenant and Les Vampires
2	Bad Lieutenant and Les Vampires
2	Bad Lieutenant and
2	Bad Lieutenant
2	Les Vampires
1	comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film
2	comes up
2	with a kind of art-house gay porn film
2	a kind of art-house gay porn film
3	a kind
2	of art-house gay porn film
1	art-house gay porn film
1	gay porn film
2	porn film
2	For a debut film , Skin of Man , Heart of Beast feels unusually assured .
3	For a debut film
2	a debut film
2	debut film
3	, Skin of Man , Heart of Beast feels unusually assured .
3	Skin of Man , Heart of Beast feels unusually assured .
2	Skin of Man , Heart of Beast
2	of Man , Heart of Beast
2	Man , Heart of Beast
2	Man , Heart
2	, Heart
2	of Beast
2	feels unusually assured .
3	feels unusually assured
2	unusually assured
3	A photographic marvel of sorts , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .
4	A photographic marvel of sorts , and it
3	A photographic marvel
3	photographic marvel
2	of sorts , and it
2	sorts , and it
2	sorts , and
2	sorts ,
3	's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .
3	's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community
2	's certainly
2	an invaluable record of that special fishy community
3	an invaluable record
3	invaluable record
3	of that special fishy community
2	that special fishy community
3	special fishy community
2	fishy community
4	It 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what -LRB- Aniston -RRB- has always needed to grow into a movie career .
3	It 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what -LRB- Aniston -RRB- has always needed to grow into a movie career
2	It 's soulful and unslick , and
2	It 's soulful and unslick ,
3	It 's soulful and unslick
1	's soulful and unslick
2	soulful and unslick
3	soulful and
3	that 's apparently just what -LRB- Aniston -RRB- has always needed to grow into a movie career
3	's apparently just what -LRB- Aniston -RRB- has always needed to grow into a movie career
2	's apparently
3	just what -LRB- Aniston -RRB- has always needed to grow into a movie career
2	just what
2	-LRB- Aniston -RRB- has always needed to grow into a movie career
2	Aniston -RRB- has always needed to grow into a movie career
2	-RRB- has always needed to grow into a movie career
2	has always needed to grow into a movie career
2	has always
2	needed to grow into a movie career
2	to grow into a movie career
3	grow into a movie career
2	into a movie career
2	a movie career
2	movie career
3	Although Olivier Assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation ... its three-hour running time plays closer to two .
1	Although Olivier Assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation
1	Olivier Assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation
3	Olivier Assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama
2	Olivier Assayas '
2	Assayas '
3	elegantly appointed period drama
3	elegantly appointed
2	period drama
2	seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation
2	seems , at times ,
2	seems , at times
2	seems ,
2	at times
1	padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation
2	padded with incident
2	with incident
1	in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation
2	the way of a too-conscientious adaptation
2	the way
2	of a too-conscientious adaptation
1	a too-conscientious adaptation
1	too-conscientious adaptation
1	... its three-hour running time plays closer to two .
1	its three-hour running time plays closer to two .
2	its three-hour running time
2	three-hour running time
2	running time
3	plays closer to two .
2	plays closer to two
2	closer to two
2	to two
4	A jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of Japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage .
4	A jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of Japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage
4	A jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of Japanese animation
4	A jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché
4	A jaw-droppingly beautiful work
4	jaw-droppingly beautiful work
3	beautiful work
3	that upends nearly every cliché
2	upends nearly every cliché
1	nearly every cliché
0	every cliché
2	of Japanese animation
2	Japanese animation
3	while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage
3	delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage
3	a more than satisfactory amount of carnage
2	a more than satisfactory amount
2	more than satisfactory amount
3	more than satisfactory
2	than satisfactory
1	of carnage
3	Terry is a sort of geriatric Dirty Harry , which will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
2	is a sort of geriatric Dirty Harry , which will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
3	is a sort of geriatric Dirty Harry , which will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
3	a sort of geriatric Dirty Harry , which will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
2	a sort
3	of geriatric Dirty Harry , which will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
3	geriatric Dirty Harry , which will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
1	geriatric Dirty Harry ,
1	geriatric Dirty Harry
2	Dirty Harry
3	which will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
3	will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
3	will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and
4	will please Eastwood 's loyal fans --
3	will please Eastwood 's loyal fans
3	please Eastwood 's loyal fans
3	Eastwood 's loyal fans
2	Eastwood 's
3	loyal fans
3	suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
2	the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
2	the story ,
2	the story
2	wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
3	our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
2	our hero
2	must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
2	ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
2	roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
2	roughshod over incompetent cops
2	over incompetent cops
1	incompetent cops
2	to get his man
2	get his man
2	his man
3	Parts seem like they were lifted from Terry Gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through Kafka 's meat grinder and into Buñuel 's casings
1	seem like they were lifted from Terry Gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through Kafka 's meat grinder and into Buñuel 's casings
3	like they were lifted from Terry Gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through Kafka 's meat grinder and into Buñuel 's casings
2	they were lifted from Terry Gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through Kafka 's meat grinder and into Buñuel 's casings
2	were lifted from Terry Gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through Kafka 's meat grinder and into Buñuel 's casings
3	lifted from Terry Gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through Kafka 's meat grinder and into Buñuel 's casings
3	from Terry Gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through Kafka 's meat grinder and into Buñuel 's casings
2	Terry Gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through Kafka 's meat grinder and into Buñuel 's casings
2	Terry Gilliam 's subconscious ,
2	Terry Gilliam 's subconscious
2	Terry Gilliam 's
2	Gilliam 's
1	pressed through Kafka 's meat grinder and into Buñuel 's casings
2	through Kafka 's meat grinder and into Buñuel 's casings
2	through Kafka 's meat grinder and
1	through Kafka 's meat grinder
2	Kafka 's meat grinder
2	Kafka 's
2	meat grinder
2	into Buñuel 's casings
2	Buñuel 's casings
2	Buñuel 's
2	` Like a child with an important message to tell ... -LRB- Skins ' -RRB- faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '
2	Like a child with an important message to tell ... -LRB- Skins ' -RRB- faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '
3	Like a child with an important message to tell ... -LRB- Skins ' -RRB- faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty .
2	Like a child with an important message to tell ... -LRB- Skins ' -RRB- faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty
3	Like a child with an important message to tell ...
3	Like a child with an important message to tell
3	a child with an important message to tell
2	a child
3	with an important message to tell
3	an important message to tell
3	important message to tell
2	message to tell
2	to tell
3	-LRB- Skins ' -RRB- faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty
3	Skins ' -RRB- faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty
2	Skins '
3	-RRB- faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty
3	faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty
3	are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty
2	easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty
2	to forgive because the intentions are lofty
2	forgive because the intentions are lofty
2	because the intentions are lofty
3	the intentions are lofty
2	the intentions
2	are lofty
4	A delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .
3	A delightful entree in the tradition of food movies
4	A delightful entree in the tradition
3	A delightful entree
4	delightful entree
3	in the tradition
2	the tradition
2	of food movies
2	food movies
4	An escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .
2	An escapist
3	confection that 's pure entertainment .
3	confection that 's pure entertainment
4	that 's pure entertainment
3	's pure entertainment
4	pure entertainment
2	The Ring is worth a look , if you do n't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your Halloween entertainment .
2	The Ring
2	is worth a look , if you do n't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your Halloween entertainment .
3	is worth a look , if you do n't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your Halloween entertainment
4	is worth a look ,
3	is worth a look
3	worth a look
2	a look
1	if you do n't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your Halloween entertainment
2	you do n't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your Halloween entertainment
1	do n't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your Halloween entertainment
2	do n't
2	demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your Halloween entertainment
2	much more than a few cheap thrills from your Halloween entertainment
2	much more
1	than a few cheap thrills from your Halloween entertainment
2	a few cheap thrills from your Halloween entertainment
1	a few cheap
2	few cheap
3	thrills from your Halloween entertainment
2	from your Halloween entertainment
3	your Halloween entertainment
2	Halloween entertainment
2	The movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like moments ... but it 's such a warm and charming package that you 'll feel too happy to argue much .
3	The movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like moments ... but it 's such a warm and charming package that you 'll feel too happy to argue much
2	The movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like moments ... but
1	The movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like moments ...
1	The movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like moments
2	The movie
2	ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like moments
1	relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like moments
2	relies a bit
2	a bit
2	too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like moments
2	too heavily
4	on grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like moments
3	grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like moments
4	grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like
3	, emotional , Rocky-like
3	emotional , Rocky-like
3	, Rocky-like
3	it 's such a warm and charming package that you 'll feel too happy to argue much
4	's such a warm and charming package that you 'll feel too happy to argue much
3	such a warm and charming package that you 'll feel too happy to argue much
3	a warm and charming package that you 'll feel too happy to argue much
4	a warm and charming package
3	warm and charming package
4	warm and charming
2	warm and
3	that you 'll feel too happy to argue much
3	you 'll feel too happy to argue much
3	'll feel too happy to argue much
3	feel too happy to argue much
3	too happy to argue much
2	happy to argue much
2	to argue much
2	argue much
2	Throwing it all away for the fleeting joys of love 's brief moment .
2	Throwing it all away for the fleeting joys of love 's brief moment
1	Throwing it all away
1	Throwing it
2	all away
3	for the fleeting joys of love 's brief moment
3	the fleeting joys of love 's brief moment
2	the fleeting joys
3	fleeting joys
2	of love 's brief moment
2	love 's brief moment
3	love 's
2	brief moment
4	Armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy , Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .
4	Armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy , Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud
4	Armed with a game supporting cast ,
3	Armed with a game supporting cast
3	with a game supporting cast
3	a game supporting cast
3	game supporting cast
2	supporting cast
4	from the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy , Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud
4	the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy , Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud
3	the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy
3	the pitch-perfect Forster
3	pitch-perfect Forster
3	to the always hilarious Meara and Levy
3	the always hilarious Meara and Levy
3	the always hilarious Meara and
3	the always hilarious Meara
3	always hilarious Meara
4	always hilarious
4	, Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud
3	Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud
3	Like Mike shoots and scores
3	Mike shoots and scores
3	shoots and scores
2	shoots and
3	, doing its namesake proud
3	doing its namesake proud
4	its namesake proud
2	its namesake
3	A decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit Franklin needs to stay afloat in Hollywood .
3	A decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big
3	A decent-enough nail-biter
3	decent-enough nail-biter
3	that stands a good chance of being the big
3	stands a good chance of being the big
4	a good chance of being the big
3	a good chance
3	good chance
1	of being the big
2	being the big
2	the big
2	hit Franklin needs to stay afloat in Hollywood .
2	hit Franklin needs to stay afloat in Hollywood
2	Franklin needs to stay afloat in Hollywood
1	needs to stay afloat in Hollywood
2	to stay afloat in Hollywood
2	stay afloat in Hollywood
3	stay afloat
2	in Hollywood
4	Begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
3	like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
3	like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish
2	like a docu-drama but
2	like a docu-drama
2	a docu-drama
4	builds its multi-character story with a flourish
3	builds its multi-character story
2	its multi-character story
3	multi-character story
3	with a flourish
3	a flourish
4	One of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .
4	One of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time
4	One of the most genuinely sweet films
3	of the most genuinely sweet films
4	the most genuinely sweet films
4	most genuinely sweet films
4	most genuinely sweet
4	genuinely sweet
2	to come along in quite some time
2	come along in quite some time
2	come along
2	in quite some time
2	quite some time
2	some time
3	After an uncertain start , Murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling .
1	After an uncertain start
2	an uncertain start
2	uncertain start
3	, Murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling .
3	Murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling .
3	hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling .
3	hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling
2	hits and
3	generally sustains a higher plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling
3	sustains a higher plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling
3	sustains a higher plateau
3	a higher plateau
2	higher plateau
2	with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling
3	Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling
3	Bullock 's memorable first interrogation
2	Bullock 's
3	memorable first interrogation
2	first interrogation
2	of Gosling
4	The story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
2	The story
4	ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
3	takes hold and grips hard .
3	takes hold and grips hard
3	takes hold and grips
2	hold and grips
2	hold and
3	A bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that French realism .
3	A bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that French realism
1	A bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but
1	A bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times ,
1	A bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times
1	A bit of a downer and a little
2	A bit
2	of a downer and a little
1	a downer and a little
1	a downer and
2	a downer
2	a little
1	over-dramatic at times
2	at times
3	this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that French realism
4	is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that French realism
4	a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that French realism
4	a beautiful film
4	beautiful film
3	for people who like their romances to have that French realism
3	people who like their romances to have that French realism
2	who like their romances to have that French realism
3	like their romances to have that French realism
2	like their romances
3	their romances
2	to have that French realism
2	have that French realism
2	that French realism
2	French realism
4	An emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .
4	An emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema
3	An emotionally strong and politically potent piece
4	emotionally strong and politically potent piece
3	emotionally strong and politically potent
3	emotionally strong and
3	emotionally strong
3	politically potent
2	of cinema
4	Enticing and often funny documentary .
4	Enticing and often funny documentary
3	Enticing and often
3	Enticing and
4	funny documentary
2	Going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it 's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but it 's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through .
3	Going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it 's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but it 's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through
1	Going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber -
0	Going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber
2	Going to this movie
2	to this movie
2	this movie
0	is a little like chewing whale blubber
1	a little like chewing whale blubber
2	a little
1	like chewing whale blubber
2	chewing whale blubber
2	whale blubber
3	it 's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but it 's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through
3	it 's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but
3	it 's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy ,
1	it 's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy
3	's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy
2	an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy
2	an acquired taste
2	acquired taste
2	that takes time to enjoy
2	takes time to enjoy
2	takes time
3	to enjoy
3	it 's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through
2	's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through
3	's worth it ,
3	's worth it
2	worth it
2	even if it does take 3 hours to get through
2	if it does take 3 hours to get through
2	it does take 3 hours to get through
2	does take 3 hours to get through
1	take 3 hours to get through
2	take 3 hours
2	3 hours
2	to get through
2	get through
3	A portrait of hell so shattering it 's impossible to shake .
2	A portrait of hell so shattering it
2	A portrait
1	of hell so shattering it
2	hell so shattering it
2	so shattering it
2	shattering it
1	's impossible to shake .
2	's impossible to shake
2	impossible to shake
2	to shake
4	Almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears . '
3	is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears . '
3	is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears .
3	is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears
4	an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears
3	an imaginative teacher
3	imaginative teacher
4	of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears
4	emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears
3	emotional intelligence
4	in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears
4	this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears
4	this engaging film
4	engaging film
2	about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears
3	two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears
2	two men
2	who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears
2	discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears
2	what William James once called ` the gift of tears
3	William James once called ` the gift of tears
2	William James
3	once called ` the gift of tears
2	called ` the gift of tears
2	called `
3	the gift of tears
2	the gift
2	of tears
2	Better than the tepid Star Trek : Insurrection ; falls short of First Contact because the villain could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ; and finishes half a parsec -LRB- a nose -RRB- ahead of Generations .
3	Better than the tepid Star Trek : Insurrection ;
3	Better than the tepid Star Trek : Insurrection
3	Better than the tepid Star Trek :
3	Better than the tepid Star Trek
2	than the tepid Star Trek
2	the tepid Star Trek
1	tepid Star Trek
2	Star Trek
1	falls short of First Contact because the villain could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ; and finishes half a parsec -LRB- a nose -RRB- ahead of Generations .
1	falls short of First Contact because the villain could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ; and finishes half a parsec -LRB- a nose -RRB- ahead of Generations
2	falls short of First Contact
2	short of First Contact
2	of First Contact
2	First Contact
1	because the villain could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ; and finishes half a parsec -LRB- a nose -RRB- ahead of Generations
2	the villain could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ; and finishes half a parsec -LRB- a nose -RRB- ahead of Generations
2	the villain
2	could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ; and finishes half a parsec -LRB- a nose -RRB- ahead of Generations
1	could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ; and
1	could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ;
0	could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape
1	could n't
2	pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape
2	pick the lint
2	the lint
2	off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape
2	Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape
2	Borg Queen Alice Krige 's
2	Queen Alice Krige 's
2	Alice Krige 's
2	Krige 's
2	finishes half a parsec -LRB- a nose -RRB- ahead of Generations
3	half a parsec -LRB- a nose -RRB- ahead of Generations
2	half a parsec -LRB- a nose -RRB-
2	half a parsec
2	a parsec
2	-LRB- a nose -RRB-
2	a nose -RRB-
2	a nose
2	ahead of Generations
2	of Generations
3	At times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated -LRB- depending upon where you live -RRB- , Ignorant Fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
1	At times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated -LRB- depending upon where you live -RRB-
2	times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated -LRB- depending upon where you live -RRB-
1	times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated
1	a bit melodramatic and even a little dated
2	a bit melodramatic and
2	a bit melodramatic
2	a bit
1	even a little dated
2	even a little
2	a little
3	-LRB- depending upon where you live -RRB-
2	depending upon where you live -RRB-
2	depending upon where you live
2	upon where you live
2	where you live
2	you live
3	, Ignorant Fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
3	Ignorant Fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
2	Ignorant Fairies
3	is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
3	is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two
3	is still quite good-natured and
3	is still quite good-natured
2	is still
3	quite good-natured
3	not a bad way to spend an hour or two
3	not a bad way
1	a bad way
1	bad way
2	to spend an hour or two
2	spend an hour or two
2	an hour or two
2	an hour or
2	an hour
3	Tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun .
4	Tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun
2	Tense ,
3	terrific , sweaty-palmed fun
4	, sweaty-palmed fun
4	sweaty-palmed fun
4	Majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .
2	Majidi 's direction
2	Majidi 's
3	has never been smoother or more confident .
3	has never been smoother or more confident
1	has never
3	been smoother or more confident
3	smoother or more confident
2	smoother or
3	more confident
4	What a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is .
4	What a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie
4	What a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining
4	a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining
3	bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining
4	bewilderingly brilliant and
3	bewilderingly brilliant
2	this is .
2	this is
4	Hard , endearing , caring , warm .
3	Hard , endearing , caring ,
3	Hard , endearing , caring
2	Hard ,
3	endearing , caring
3	, caring
3	warm .
3	Bring tissues .
3	Bring tissues
3	A thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
2	A thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
3	A thriller with an edge --
3	A thriller with an edge
3	A thriller
2	with an edge
2	an edge
2	which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
3	is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
3	to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
3	say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
3	that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
3	it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
3	does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
1	does n't
0	follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
1	the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
1	the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline
0	stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline
2	, standard , connect-the-dots storyline
2	standard , connect-the-dots storyline
2	, connect-the-dots storyline
2	connect-the-dots storyline
2	which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
2	has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
2	become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
2	become commonplace
2	in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
2	movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
3	that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
2	explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
2	the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
2	the seamy underbelly
2	seamy underbelly
2	of the criminal world
1	the criminal world
2	criminal world
2	`` Me Without You '' is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades .
3	Me Without You '' is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades .
2	Me Without You
2	Without You
3	'' is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades .
2	is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades .
3	is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades
3	a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades
3	a probing examination
2	probing examination
2	of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades
3	a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades
2	a female friendship
2	female friendship
2	set against a few dynamic decades
2	against a few dynamic decades
3	a few dynamic decades
2	few dynamic decades
3	dynamic decades
3	Inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
2	Inherently caustic and oddly whimsical
1	Inherently caustic and
2	Inherently caustic
3	oddly whimsical
3	, the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
3	the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
2	the film
3	chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
3	chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss
3	chimes in on the grieving process and
2	chimes in on the grieving process
2	chimes in
2	on the grieving process
1	the grieving process
2	grieving process
3	strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss
3	draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss
3	draws the audience
2	the audience
2	into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss
2	the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss
2	the unexplainable pain and
1	the unexplainable pain
1	unexplainable pain
3	eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss
2	that are attached to the concept of loss
1	are attached to the concept of loss
2	attached to the concept of loss
1	to the concept of loss
1	the concept of loss
2	the concept
1	of loss
2	Though Frodo 's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined New Zealanders has proved its creative mettle .
2	Though Frodo 's quest remains unfulfilled
1	Frodo 's quest remains unfulfilled
2	Frodo 's quest
2	Frodo 's
1	remains unfulfilled
4	, a hardy group of determined New Zealanders has proved its creative mettle .
4	a hardy group of determined New Zealanders has proved its creative mettle .
2	a hardy group of determined New Zealanders
2	a hardy group
3	hardy group
2	of determined New Zealanders
3	determined New Zealanders
2	New Zealanders
3	has proved its creative mettle .
3	has proved its creative mettle
3	proved its creative mettle
3	its creative mettle
3	creative mettle
3	It 's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can .
3	's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can .
3	's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can
4	a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can
2	a square , sentimental drama
2	square , sentimental drama
2	, sentimental drama
2	sentimental drama
3	that satisfies , as comfort food often can
3	satisfies , as comfort food often can
3	satisfies ,
3	as comfort food often can
2	comfort food often can
3	comfort food
2	often can
3	Pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance .
4	Pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance
4	cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance
3	cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and
3	cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness
4	cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama ,
4	cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama
2	cinematic intoxication ,
3	cinematic intoxication
3	a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama
4	a wildly inventive mixture
4	wildly inventive mixture
3	wildly inventive
2	of comedy and melodrama
3	comedy and melodrama
3	comedy and
3	swooning elegance
4	Ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold .
4	Ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold
4	Ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and
4	Ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented ,
4	Ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented
4	is clearly extraordinarily talented
2	is clearly
4	extraordinarily talented
3	based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold
2	based on three short films and two features , here
2	based on three short films and two features ,
2	based on three short films and two features
3	on three short films and two features
2	three short films and two features
2	three short films and
2	three short films
2	short films
2	two features
3	's betting her third feature will be something to behold
3	betting her third feature will be something to behold
3	her third feature will be something to behold
2	her third feature
2	third feature
3	will be something to behold
3	be something to behold
3	something to behold
2	to behold
3	I was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an American-Russian Armageddon .
2	was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an American-Russian Armageddon .
3	was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an American-Russian Armageddon
3	impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an American-Russian Armageddon
2	by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an American-Russian Armageddon
2	how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an American-Russian Armageddon
2	how many
2	tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an American-Russian Armageddon
2	tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers
2	tit-for-tat retaliatory responses
2	retaliatory responses
2	the filmmakers
2	allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an American-Russian Armageddon
1	before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an American-Russian Armageddon
3	pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an American-Russian Armageddon
2	pulling the plug on the conspirators and
2	pulling the plug on the conspirators
2	the plug on the conspirators
2	the plug
2	on the conspirators
2	the conspirators
3	averting an American-Russian Armageddon
2	an American-Russian Armageddon
2	American-Russian Armageddon
4	A classy , sprightly spin on film .
4	A classy , sprightly spin on film
3	A classy , sprightly spin
3	classy , sprightly spin
3	, sprightly spin
3	sprightly spin
2	on film
2	fast , frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten
2	, frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten
3	frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten
3	frantic and fun
2	frantic and
1	, but also soon forgotten
2	, but also
2	but also
1	soon forgotten
3	A spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .
3	A spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth
3	A spiffy animated feature
3	spiffy animated feature
2	animated feature
3	about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth
2	an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth
3	an unruly adolescent boy
2	unruly adolescent boy
2	adolescent boy
2	who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth
2	is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth
3	yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth
2	yearning for adventure and
2	yearning for adventure
2	for adventure
2	a chance to prove his worth
3	chance to prove his worth
2	to prove his worth
2	prove his worth
2	his worth
4	Devos and Cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .
4	Devos and Cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable
3	Devos and Cassel have tremendous chemistry --
4	Devos and Cassel have tremendous chemistry
2	Devos and Cassel
2	Devos and
3	have tremendous chemistry
4	tremendous chemistry
3	their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable
2	their sexual and romantic tension
3	sexual and romantic tension
3	sexual and romantic
2	sexual and
2	, while never really vocalized , is palpable
2	while never really vocalized , is palpable
2	while never really vocalized
2	never really vocalized
3	really vocalized
2	, is palpable
2	is palpable
2	Fulfills the minimum requirement of Disney animation .
0	Fulfills the minimum requirement of Disney animation
1	the minimum requirement of Disney animation
2	the minimum requirement
2	minimum requirement
2	of Disney animation
2	Disney animation
3	A moving , if uneven , success .
3	A moving , if uneven , success
3	moving , if uneven , success
2	moving , if uneven ,
1	, if uneven ,
3	if uneven ,
1	uneven ,
2	With one exception , every blighter in this particular South London housing project digs into dysfunction like it 's a big , comforting jar of Marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
2	With one exception
2	one exception
3	, every blighter in this particular South London housing project digs into dysfunction like it 's a big , comforting jar of Marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
2	every blighter in this particular South London housing project digs into dysfunction like it 's a big , comforting jar of Marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
2	every blighter in this particular South London housing project
2	every blighter
2	in this particular South London housing project
2	this particular South London housing project
2	particular South London housing project
2	South London housing project
2	London housing project
2	housing project
2	digs into dysfunction like it 's a big , comforting jar of Marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
2	digs into dysfunction like it 's a big , comforting jar of Marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness
2	digs into dysfunction
2	into dysfunction
1	like it 's a big , comforting jar of Marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness
3	it 's a big , comforting jar of Marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness
0	's a big , comforting jar of Marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness
3	's a big , comforting jar of Marmite ,
2	's a big , comforting jar of Marmite
3	a big , comforting jar of Marmite
3	a big , comforting jar
3	big , comforting jar
3	, comforting jar
2	comforting jar
2	of Marmite
1	to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness
1	be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness
1	slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness
1	slathered on crackers and
2	slathered on crackers
2	on crackers
1	served as a feast of bleakness
1	as a feast of bleakness
2	a feast of bleakness
3	a feast
2	of bleakness
4	Wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .
4	Wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie
4	Wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring ,
3	Wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring
4	Wickedly funny , visually engrossing ,
3	Wickedly funny , visually engrossing
4	Wickedly funny ,
3	Wickedly funny
4	visually engrossing
2	never boring
2	this movie
3	challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .
2	challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture
2	us to think about the ways we consume pop culture
3	to think about the ways we consume pop culture
2	think about the ways we consume pop culture
2	about the ways we consume pop culture
2	the ways we consume pop culture
2	the ways
2	we consume pop culture
2	consume pop culture
2	pop culture
3	There 's plenty to impress about E.T.
3	's plenty to impress about E.T.
3	plenty to impress about E.T.
2	to impress about E.T.
3	impress about E.T.
2	about E.T.
3	A chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .
3	chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .
2	chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department
3	not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department
3	only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department
2	of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department
3	of one man 's quest to be president
2	one man 's quest to be president
2	one man 's
2	man 's
2	quest to be president
2	to be president
2	be president
2	, but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department
2	, but
2	of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department
2	how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department
2	that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department
2	that man
3	single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department
2	turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department
2	turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists
2	a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists
2	a plane
2	full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists
1	of hard-bitten , cynical journalists
2	hard-bitten , cynical journalists
2	hard-bitten , cynical
1	, cynical
1	into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department
2	what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department
2	was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department
2	was essentially , by campaign 's end ,
2	was essentially , by campaign 's end
3	was essentially ,
2	was essentially
2	by campaign 's end
2	campaign 's end
2	campaign 's
2	an extended publicity department
2	extended publicity department
2	publicity department
3	Until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , Wendigo , Larry Fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
1	Until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes
1	it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes
0	goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes
2	goes off
2	the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes
2	the rails
2	in its final 10 or 15 minutes
2	its final 10 or 15 minutes
2	final 10 or 15 minutes
2	10 or 15 minutes
2	or 15 minutes
2	15 minutes
3	, Wendigo , Larry Fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
4	Wendigo , Larry Fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
2	Wendigo , Larry Fessenden 's spooky new thriller ,
2	Wendigo , Larry Fessenden 's spooky new thriller
2	Wendigo ,
3	Larry Fessenden 's spooky new thriller
2	Larry Fessenden 's
2	Fessenden 's
3	spooky new thriller
2	new thriller
3	is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
4	is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films
4	a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films
3	a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation
3	refreshingly smart and newfangled variation
4	refreshingly smart and newfangled
3	smart and newfangled
3	smart and
2	on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films
2	several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films
2	several themes
1	derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films
2	from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films
2	far less sophisticated and knowing horror films
1	far less sophisticated and
1	far less sophisticated
1	far less
2	knowing horror films
2	horror films
3	-LRB- Woo 's -RRB- most resonant film since The Killer .
2	-LRB- Woo 's -RRB-
2	Woo 's -RRB-
2	Woo 's
4	most resonant film since The Killer .
4	most resonant film since The Killer
3	resonant film since The Killer
2	film since The Killer
2	since The Killer
2	The Killer
0	Collateral Damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't .
2	Collateral Damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't
1	Collateral Damage is trash , but
0	Collateral Damage is trash ,
0	Collateral Damage is trash
2	Collateral Damage
0	is trash
3	it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't
3	earns extra points by acting as if it were n't
3	earns extra points
3	extra points
2	by acting as if it were n't
2	acting as if it were n't
2	as if it were n't
2	if it were n't
2	it were n't
2	were n't
3	A whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish .
3	A whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish
3	A whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting
2	A whole lot
2	whole lot
3	of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting
3	fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting
3	fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less
4	fun and funny in the middle , though
4	fun and funny in the middle ,
3	fun and funny in the middle
3	fun and
3	funny in the middle
2	in the middle
2	the middle
1	somewhat less
2	at the start and finish
2	the start and finish
2	start and finish
2	start and
3	Maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is .
3	Maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is
2	Maybe it is formula filmmaking , but
2	Maybe it is formula filmmaking ,
2	Maybe it is formula filmmaking
1	it is formula filmmaking
2	is formula filmmaking
2	formula filmmaking
3	there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is
3	's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is
3	's nothing wrong with that
2	nothing wrong with that
1	wrong with that
2	with that
4	if the film is well-crafted and this one is
4	the film is well-crafted and this one is
4	the film is well-crafted and
4	the film is well-crafted
2	the film
3	is well-crafted
2	this one is
2	this one
3	-LRB- Fincher 's -RRB- camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller .
2	-LRB- Fincher 's -RRB- camera sense and assured pacing
2	-LRB- Fincher 's -RRB- camera sense and
2	-LRB- Fincher 's -RRB- camera sense
2	-LRB- Fincher 's -RRB-
2	Fincher 's -RRB-
2	Fincher 's
2	camera sense
2	assured pacing
3	make it an above-average thriller .
4	make it an above-average thriller
3	it an above-average thriller
4	an above-average thriller
3	above-average thriller
3	The film is insightful about Kissinger 's background and history .
2	The film
3	is insightful about Kissinger 's background and history .
3	is insightful about Kissinger 's background and history
3	insightful about Kissinger 's background and history
2	about Kissinger 's background and history
2	Kissinger 's background and history
2	Kissinger 's
2	background and history
2	background and
4	An engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .
4	An engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character
3	An engrossing portrait
3	engrossing portrait
3	of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character
3	a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character
2	a man
3	whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character
3	whose engaging manner and flamboyant style
3	engaging manner and flamboyant style
3	manner and flamboyant style
2	and flamboyant style
3	flamboyant style
3	made him a truly larger-than-life character
2	made him
3	a truly larger-than-life character
3	truly larger-than-life character
3	truly larger-than-life
3	A lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone must go to Grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him .
3	A lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone
2	A lot
3	of the credit for the film 's winning tone
3	the credit for the film 's winning tone
2	the credit
3	for the film 's winning tone
3	the film 's winning tone
2	the film 's
2	film 's
4	winning tone
3	must go to Grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him .
3	must go to Grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
4	go to Grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
3	to Grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
4	Grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
2	Grant ,
4	who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
4	has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
2	has n't
2	lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
3	a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
2	a bit
3	of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
3	the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
1	the dry humor
3	dry humor
3	that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
3	first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
3	made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
4	audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
2	audiences on both sides of the Atlantic
2	on both sides of the Atlantic
2	both sides of the Atlantic
2	both sides
2	of the Atlantic
2	the Atlantic
4	love him
3	Exploits -LRB- headbanger -RRB- stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .
1	Exploits -LRB- headbanger -RRB-
3	-LRB- headbanger -RRB-
2	headbanger -RRB-
4	stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .
3	stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter
3	stereotypes in good fun ,
3	stereotypes in good fun
3	in good fun
4	good fun
3	while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter
2	adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter
3	a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter
2	a bit
3	of heart and unsettling subject matter
3	heart and unsettling subject matter
1	and unsettling subject matter
1	unsettling subject matter
2	subject matter
3	A journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding .
3	A journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding
2	A journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist --
1	A journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist
1	A journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it
3	A journey
1	that is as difficult for the audience to take as it
1	is as difficult for the audience to take as it
1	is as difficult for the audience
2	as difficult for the audience
1	difficult for the audience
2	for the audience
2	the audience
2	to take as it
2	take as it
2	as it
2	is for the protagonist
2	for the protagonist
2	the protagonist
3	yet it 's potentially just as rewarding
3	it 's potentially just as rewarding
3	's potentially just as rewarding
3	potentially just as rewarding
3	just as rewarding
3	as rewarding
3	Ratliff 's two previous titles , Plutonium Circus and Purgatory County show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon .
3	Ratliff 's two previous titles , Plutonium Circus and Purgatory County show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon
2	Ratliff 's two previous titles , Plutonium Circus and Purgatory County show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and
3	Ratliff 's two previous titles , Plutonium Circus and Purgatory County show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations ,
2	Ratliff 's two previous titles , Plutonium Circus and Purgatory County show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations
2	Ratliff 's two previous titles , Plutonium Circus and Purgatory County
2	Ratliff 's two previous titles , Plutonium Circus and
2	Ratliff 's two previous titles , Plutonium Circus
2	Ratliff 's two previous titles ,
2	Ratliff 's two previous titles
2	Ratliff 's
2	two previous titles
2	previous titles
2	Plutonium Circus
1	Purgatory County
3	show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations
2	show his penchant
3	his penchant
2	for wry , contentious configurations
2	wry , contentious configurations
2	wry ,
1	contentious configurations
3	this film is part of that delicate canon
2	this film
2	is part of that delicate canon
3	part of that delicate canon
3	of that delicate canon
3	that delicate canon
2	delicate canon
3	From its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , Martin is a masterfully conducted work .
3	From its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale
4	its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale
3	its invitingly upbeat overture to
3	its invitingly upbeat overture
3	invitingly upbeat overture
3	invitingly upbeat
3	its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale
3	pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale
3	pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming
2	pathos-filled but
3	ultimately life-affirming
4	, Martin is a masterfully conducted work .
3	Martin is a masterfully conducted work .
4	is a masterfully conducted work .
4	is a masterfully conducted work
4	is a masterfully
3	a masterfully
2	conducted work
3	Passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .
2	Passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots
3	Passions , obsessions , and
2	Passions , obsessions ,
2	Passions , obsessions
2	Passions ,
1	loneliest dark spots
2	dark spots
3	are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .
2	are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone
3	pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone
3	pushed to their most virtuous limits ,
3	pushed to their most virtuous limits
2	to their most virtuous limits
3	their most virtuous limits
4	most virtuous limits
3	most virtuous
2	lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone
2	lending the narrative
2	the narrative
3	an unusually surreal tone
3	unusually surreal tone
3	unusually surreal
3	A comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .
3	A comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life
3	A comedy
3	that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life
2	that swings and jostles
3	swings and jostles
2	swings and
2	to the rhythms of life
2	the rhythms of life
2	the rhythms
2	of life
1	At times Auto Focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .
2	At times
1	Auto Focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .
2	Auto Focus
2	feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .
0	feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope
1	so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope
1	so distant
1	you might as well be watching it through a telescope
1	might as well be watching it through a telescope
2	might as well
2	as well
2	be watching it through a telescope
2	watching it through a telescope
2	watching it
2	through a telescope
2	a telescope
3	Yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .
4	in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .
2	in its own aloof , unreachable way
2	its own aloof , unreachable way
2	its own aloof ,
2	its own aloof
2	own aloof
2	unreachable way
4	it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .
4	's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .
4	's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second
4	so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second
4	fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second
4	you wo n't be able to look away for a second
4	wo n't be able to look away for a second
2	wo n't
3	be able to look away for a second
2	able to look away for a second
2	to look away for a second
2	look away for a second
2	look away
2	for a second
2	a second
3	If you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .
2	If you 're part of her targeted audience
2	you 're part of her targeted audience
2	're part of her targeted audience
2	part of her targeted audience
2	of her targeted audience
2	her targeted audience
2	targeted audience
4	, you 'll cheer .
3	you 'll cheer .
3	'll cheer .
3	'll cheer
2	Otherwise , maybe .
2	, maybe .
2	maybe .
3	As animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .
2	As animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool
3	animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool
3	increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool
3	emphasizes the computer and the cool
2	the computer and the cool
3	the computer and
2	the computer
2	the cool
3	, this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .
3	this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .
4	is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .
3	is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth
3	a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth
2	a film
4	that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth
3	takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth
3	a stand in favor of tradition and warmth
2	a stand
2	in favor of tradition and warmth
3	favor of tradition and warmth
3	of tradition and warmth
3	tradition and warmth
2	tradition and
3	Blade II merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew .
2	Blade II
2	merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew .
3	merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew
2	merges bits and pieces
2	bits and pieces
2	bits and
3	from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew
3	fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew
2	fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime
2	games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime
2	games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond , wrestling , sci-fi and
2	games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond , wrestling , sci-fi
2	games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond , wrestling ,
2	games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond , wrestling
2	games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond ,
2	games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond
2	games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery ,
2	games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery
2	games , wire fu , horror movies ,
2	games , wire fu , horror movies
2	games , wire fu ,
2	games , wire fu
2	games ,
2	wire fu
2	horror movies
2	James Bond
2	into one big bloody stew
2	one big bloody stew
1	big bloody stew
2	bloody stew
3	Instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , Schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .
2	Instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral
2	of hitting the audience over the head with a moral
1	hitting the audience over the head with a moral
2	hitting the audience
2	the audience
3	over the head with a moral
2	the head with a moral
2	the head
3	with a moral
3	a moral
2	, Schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .
3	Schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .
3	relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .
2	relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view
3	relies on subtle ironies and visual devices
3	on subtle ironies and visual devices
3	subtle ironies and visual devices
2	subtle ironies and
3	subtle ironies
2	visual devices
2	to convey point of view
2	convey point of view
2	point of view
2	of view
3	K-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of Man confronting the Demons of his own fear and paranoia .
3	K-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of Man confronting the Demons of his own fear and paranoia
3	K-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but
0	K-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories ,
1	K-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories
1	will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories
2	will not
4	go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories
3	go down in the annals of cinema
2	go down
3	in the annals of cinema
2	the annals of cinema
2	the annals
2	of cinema
4	as one of the great submarine stories
4	one of the great submarine stories
2	of the great submarine stories
2	the great submarine stories
4	great submarine stories
2	submarine stories
4	it is an engaging and exciting narrative of Man confronting the Demons of his own fear and paranoia
4	is an engaging and exciting narrative of Man confronting the Demons of his own fear and paranoia
4	an engaging and exciting narrative of Man confronting the Demons of his own fear and paranoia
4	an engaging and exciting narrative
4	engaging and exciting narrative
4	engaging and exciting
3	engaging and
2	of Man confronting the Demons of his own fear and paranoia
2	Man confronting the Demons of his own fear and paranoia
2	confronting the Demons of his own fear and paranoia
1	the Demons of his own fear and paranoia
2	the Demons
2	of his own fear and paranoia
2	his own fear and paranoia
1	own fear and paranoia
1	fear and paranoia
2	fear and
3	Contrived as this may sound , Mr. Rose 's updating works surprisingly well .
1	Contrived as this may sound
2	as this may sound
2	this may sound
2	may sound
4	, Mr. Rose 's updating works surprisingly well .
3	Mr. Rose 's updating works surprisingly well .
2	Mr. Rose
3	's updating works surprisingly well .
3	's updating works surprisingly well
4	updating works surprisingly well
2	updating works
4	surprisingly well
3	A glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .
3	A glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up
3	A glib but bouncy bit
2	glib but bouncy bit
3	glib but bouncy
1	glib but
2	of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up
3	sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up
3	sixties-style slickness
2	in which the hero might wind up
2	in which
2	the hero might wind up
2	the hero
2	might wind up
2	wind up
2	caught but the audience gets pure escapism .
3	caught but the audience gets pure escapism
2	but the audience gets pure escapism
3	the audience gets pure escapism
2	the audience
2	gets pure escapism
3	pure escapism
3	You do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works .
4	You do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works
2	You do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch , and
3	You do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch ,
3	You do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch
3	do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch
2	do n't
2	need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch
3	to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch
2	be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch
3	a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch
3	hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch
3	fan to appreciate Scratch
2	to appreciate Scratch
2	appreciate Scratch
4	that 's the mark of a documentary that works
3	's the mark of a documentary that works
3	the mark of a documentary that works
3	the mark
2	of a documentary that works
3	a documentary that works
2	a documentary
3	that works
3	Between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .
2	Between bursts of automatic gunfire
2	bursts of automatic gunfire
2	of automatic gunfire
2	automatic gunfire
3	, the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .
2	the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .
2	the story
2	offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .
3	offers a trenchant critique of capitalism
2	a trenchant critique of capitalism
2	a trenchant critique
2	trenchant critique
2	of capitalism
3	Combines improbable melodrama -LRB- gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas -RRB- with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched .
1	Combines improbable melodrama -LRB- gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas -RRB- with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end
3	improbable melodrama -LRB- gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas -RRB- with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end
2	melodrama -LRB- gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas -RRB- with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end
3	melodrama -LRB- gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas -RRB- with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements
2	melodrama -LRB- gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas -RRB-
2	-LRB- gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas -RRB-
2	gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas -RRB-
2	gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas
2	gored bullfighters ,
2	gored bullfighters
1	comatose ballerinas
2	with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements
3	subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements
3	subtly kinky bedside vigils and
2	subtly kinky bedside vigils
2	kinky bedside vigils
2	bedside vigils
3	sensational denouements
3	, and yet at the end
2	and yet at the end
2	yet at the end
2	at the end
2	the end
2	, we are undeniably touched .
3	we are undeniably touched .
3	are undeniably touched .
3	are undeniably touched
3	undeniably touched
3	While the story 's undeniably hard to follow , Iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .
1	While the story 's undeniably hard to follow
1	the story 's undeniably hard to follow
2	the story
1	's undeniably hard to follow
2	's undeniably hard
1	undeniably hard
2	to follow
4	, Iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .
3	Iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .
3	Iwai 's gorgeous visuals
2	Iwai 's
4	gorgeous visuals
2	seduce .
4	If you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time .
3	If you can get past the taboo subject matter
2	you can get past the taboo subject matter
3	can get past the taboo subject matter
2	get past the taboo subject matter
2	past the taboo subject matter
2	the taboo subject matter
1	taboo subject matter
2	taboo subject
4	, it will be well worth your time .
3	it will be well worth your time .
3	will be well worth your time .
4	will be well worth your time
4	be well worth your time
2	be well
3	worth your time
2	your time
4	A lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity .
4	A lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity
4	A lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ...
3	A lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic
4	A lovely film ...
4	A lovely film
4	lovely film
3	elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic
3	elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior
4	elegant , witty and beneath
3	, witty and beneath
3	witty and beneath
3	witty and
2	a prim exterior
2	prim exterior
3	unabashedly romantic
3	hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity
3	hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to
3	hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful
3	hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really
3	hugely enjoyable in its own right though
4	hugely enjoyable in its own right
3	enjoyable in its own right
2	in its own right
2	its own right
2	own right
2	not really
3	its source 's complexity
2	its source 's
2	source 's
4	Scooby Doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .
2	Scooby Doo
4	is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .
3	is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
3	is surely
4	everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
3	its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
2	its fans
3	are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
3	hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
3	it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
2	it will be , and
3	it will be ,
2	it will be
2	will be
3	in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
2	in that
3	sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
4	is a movie that deserves recommendation
4	a movie that deserves recommendation
2	a movie
3	that deserves recommendation
3	deserves recommendation
4	-LRB- A -RRB- devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid Holocaust drama .
2	-LRB- A -RRB-
2	A -RRB-
4	devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid Holocaust drama .
3	devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid Holocaust drama
4	powerful and astonishingly vivid Holocaust drama
4	powerful and astonishingly vivid
3	powerful and
4	astonishingly vivid
2	Holocaust drama
3	A solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .
3	A solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony
3	A solid cast ,
3	A solid cast
3	solid cast
3	assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony
2	direction and complete lack of modern day irony
1	direction and complete lack
2	and complete lack
1	complete lack
2	of modern day irony
2	modern day irony
2	day irony
3	These characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and I 'm all for that .
4	These characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and I 'm all for that
3	These characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and
3	These characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field ,
4	These characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field
2	These characters
3	are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field
3	are so well
3	so well
2	established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field
3	that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field
2	the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field
2	the gang
3	feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field
2	comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field
3	with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field
2	taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field
2	taking insane liberties and
2	taking insane liberties
1	insane liberties
2	doing the goofiest stuff out of left field
2	the goofiest stuff out of left field
2	the goofiest stuff
3	goofiest stuff
2	out of left field
2	of left field
2	left field
3	I 'm all for that
3	'm all for that
2	all for that
2	for that
4	A sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .
3	A sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire
3	A sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study ,
4	A sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study
4	A sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game ,
4	A sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game
4	A sun-drenched masterpiece ,
4	A sun-drenched masterpiece
4	sun-drenched masterpiece
2	part parlor game
2	parlor game
2	part psychological case study
3	psychological case study
2	case study
2	part droll social satire
2	droll social satire
2	social satire
3	Worth a look as a curiosity .
3	Worth a look as a curiosity
2	a look as a curiosity
2	a look
2	as a curiosity
2	a curiosity
3	You watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .
3	watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .
3	watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises
3	for that sense of openness , the little surprises
3	that sense of openness , the little surprises
2	that sense
2	of openness , the little surprises
3	openness , the little surprises
3	openness ,
2	the little surprises
2	little surprises
3	Director Peter Kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage .
3	Director Peter Kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage
3	Director Peter Kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and
3	Director Peter Kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops '
2	Director Peter Kosminsky
2	Peter Kosminsky
3	gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops '
3	gives these women
2	these women
3	a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops '
2	forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops '
2	to demonstrate their acting ` chops '
3	demonstrate their acting ` chops '
2	their acting ` chops '
2	acting ` chops '
2	` chops '
2	chops '
2	they take full advantage
2	take full advantage
3	full advantage
2	Auto Focus is not your standard Hollywood bio-pic .
2	Auto Focus
2	is not your standard Hollywood bio-pic .
2	is not your standard Hollywood bio-pic
1	is not
1	your standard Hollywood bio-pic
2	standard Hollywood bio-pic
2	Hollywood bio-pic
1	Schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness .
2	aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness .
3	aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness
3	to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness
3	present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness
3	present an unflinching look
3	an unflinching look
3	unflinching look
1	at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness
1	one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness
2	one man 's downfall ,
2	one man 's downfall
2	one man 's
2	man 's
2	brought about by his lack of self-awareness
2	about by his lack of self-awareness
1	by his lack of self-awareness
1	his lack of self-awareness
1	his lack
2	of self-awareness
3	The Bourne Identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director Doug Liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
3	The Bourne Identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director Doug Liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
3	The Bourne Identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but
3	The Bourne Identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is ,
3	The Bourne Identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is
2	The Bourne Identity
2	Bourne Identity
2	should n't be half as entertaining as it is
2	should n't
3	be half as entertaining as it is
2	half as entertaining as it is
2	half as entertaining
2	as entertaining
2	as it is
3	it is
3	director Doug Liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
2	director Doug Liman and his colleagues
2	director Doug Liman and
2	director Doug Liman
2	Doug Liman
2	his colleagues
3	have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
3	managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
2	to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
3	pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
2	pack it with enough action
2	pack it
3	with enough action
2	enough action
3	to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
3	satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
3	satisfy the boom-bam crowd
2	the boom-bam crowd
2	boom-bam crowd
2	without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
1	a huge sacrifice of character and mood
3	a huge sacrifice
1	huge sacrifice
2	of character and mood
2	character and mood
2	character and
4	For VeggieTales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
2	For VeggieTales fans
2	VeggieTales fans
1	, this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
3	this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
2	is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
3	is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus
1	more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus
2	appetizing than a side dish of asparagus
2	than a side dish of asparagus
1	a side dish of asparagus
2	a side dish
2	side dish
2	of asparagus
1	If you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts .
2	If you 're not a fan
1	you 're not a fan
2	're not a fan
2	're not
3	a fan
1	, it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts .
1	it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts .
1	might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts .
1	might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts
1	be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts
1	like trying to eat Brussels sprouts
2	trying to eat Brussels sprouts
2	to eat Brussels sprouts
2	eat Brussels sprouts
2	Brussels sprouts
3	Remove Spider-Man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .
3	Remove Spider-Man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies
1	Remove Spider-Man the movie from its red herring surroundings and
2	Remove Spider-Man the movie from its red herring surroundings
0	Remove Spider-Man the movie
2	Spider-Man the movie
2	the movie
2	from its red herring surroundings
2	its red herring surroundings
2	red herring surroundings
2	herring surroundings
3	it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies
4	's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies
2	's apparent
3	that this is one summer film that satisfies
4	this is one summer film that satisfies
3	is one summer film that satisfies
3	one summer film that satisfies
2	one summer film
2	summer film
3	that satisfies
2	The whole mildly pleasant outing -- the R rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse -- remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of Tim Allen .
3	The whole mildly pleasant outing -- the R rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse --
3	The whole mildly pleasant outing
3	whole mildly pleasant outing
3	mildly pleasant outing
3	mildly pleasant
2	-- the R rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse --
1	the R rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse --
1	the R rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse
2	the R rating
2	R rating
2	is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse
1	for brief nudity and a grisly corpse
2	brief nudity and a grisly corpse
2	brief nudity and
2	brief nudity
1	a grisly corpse
0	grisly corpse
3	remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of Tim Allen .
3	remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of Tim Allen
2	remains aloft
3	not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of Tim Allen
3	on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of Tim Allen
1	on its own self-referential hot air
2	its own self-referential hot air
1	own self-referential hot air
0	self-referential hot air
1	hot air
3	, but on the inspired performance of Tim Allen
2	, but
2	on the inspired performance of Tim Allen
4	the inspired performance of Tim Allen
4	the inspired performance
4	inspired performance
2	of Tim Allen
2	Tim Allen
3	A gorgeously strange movie , Heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .
3	A gorgeously strange movie , Heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers
3	A gorgeously strange movie , Heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but
3	A gorgeously strange movie , Heaven is deeply concerned with morality ,
3	A gorgeously strange movie , Heaven is deeply concerned with morality
4	A gorgeously strange movie , Heaven
3	A gorgeously strange movie ,
3	A gorgeously strange movie
4	gorgeously strange movie
2	gorgeously strange
3	is deeply concerned with morality
3	deeply concerned with morality
2	concerned with morality
3	with morality
2	it refuses to spell things out for viewers
1	refuses to spell things out for viewers
2	to spell things out for viewers
1	spell things out for viewers
2	spell things out
2	spell things
2	for viewers
4	The Emperor 's Club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .
1	The Emperor 's Club , ruthless in its own placid way ,
3	The Emperor 's Club , ruthless in its own placid way
3	The Emperor 's Club ,
2	The Emperor 's Club
2	The Emperor 's
2	Emperor 's
1	ruthless in its own placid way
2	in its own placid way
2	its own placid way
1	own placid way
2	placid way
3	finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .
3	finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality
2	finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and
2	finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions
2	one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions
1	of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions
3	our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions
2	most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions
2	most conservative and hidebound
2	conservative and hidebound
2	conservative and
2	movie-making traditions
3	gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality
2	gives it
3	new texture , new relevance , new reality
2	new texture ,
2	new texture
2	new relevance , new reality
3	new relevance ,
2	new relevance
2	new reality
3	It 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .
3	's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .
4	's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible
2	truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible
1	truly awful and
0	truly awful
3	heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible
2	heartbreaking subject
3	matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible
3	, but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible
2	, but
4	one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible
2	one whose lessons
2	whose lessons
4	are well worth revisiting as many times as possible
4	well worth revisiting as many times as possible
4	well worth revisiting as many times
4	well worth revisiting
3	worth revisiting
2	as many times
2	many times
2	as possible
3	Though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , Ozpetek falls short in showing us Antonia 's true emotions ... But at the very least , His Secret Life will leave you thinking .
3	Though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , Ozpetek falls short in showing us Antonia 's true emotions ... But at the very least , His Secret Life will leave you thinking
1	Though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , Ozpetek falls short in showing us Antonia 's true emotions ... But
3	Though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , Ozpetek falls short in showing us Antonia 's true emotions ...
2	Though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , Ozpetek falls short in showing us Antonia 's true emotions
3	Though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity
3	intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity
3	in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity
2	exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity
3	an attraction that crosses sexual identity
2	an attraction
2	that crosses sexual identity
2	crosses sexual identity
2	sexual identity
2	, Ozpetek falls short in showing us Antonia 's true emotions
1	Ozpetek falls short in showing us Antonia 's true emotions
1	falls short in showing us Antonia 's true emotions
2	short in showing us Antonia 's true emotions
2	in showing us Antonia 's true emotions
2	showing us Antonia 's true emotions
2	showing us
2	Antonia 's true emotions
2	Antonia 's
3	true emotions
2	at the very least , His Secret Life will leave you thinking
1	at the very least
2	the very least
1	very least
3	, His Secret Life will leave you thinking
2	His Secret Life will leave you thinking
2	His Secret Life
2	Secret Life
3	will leave you thinking
2	leave you thinking
2	you thinking
3	There is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .
3	is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .
3	is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
2	is little question
2	little question
3	that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
3	this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
3	is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
4	a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
2	a serious work
2	serious work
4	by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
2	an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
3	an important director
3	important director
2	who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
3	has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
2	something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
2	new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
2	to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
2	say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
2	about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
2	how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
2	, in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
2	in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
2	in the flip-flop of courtship
2	the flip-flop of courtship
2	the flip-flop
2	of courtship
2	, we often reel in when we should be playing out
1	we often reel in when we should be playing out
2	often reel in when we should be playing out
1	reel in when we should be playing out
2	in when we should be playing out
2	when we should be playing out
2	we should be playing out
2	should be playing out
2	be playing out
2	playing out
2	The message of such reflections -- intentional or not -- is that while no art grows from a vacuum , many artists exist in one .
2	The message of such reflections -- intentional or not --
2	The message of such reflections
2	The message
2	of such reflections
2	such reflections
2	-- intentional or not --
2	intentional or not --
2	intentional or not
2	intentional or
2	is that while no art grows from a vacuum , many artists exist in one .
2	is that while no art grows from a vacuum , many artists exist in one
2	that while no art grows from a vacuum , many artists exist in one
2	while no art grows from a vacuum , many artists exist in one
2	while no art grows from a vacuum
1	no art grows from a vacuum
1	no art
2	grows from a vacuum
2	from a vacuum
2	a vacuum
2	, many artists exist in one
2	many artists exist in one
3	many artists
2	exist in one
2	in one
3	Gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .
3	Gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
3	Gooding is the energetic frontman , and
3	Gooding is the energetic frontman ,
4	Gooding is the energetic frontman
3	is the energetic frontman
3	the energetic frontman
3	energetic frontman
3	it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
2	's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
3	's hard to resist his enthusiasm ,
4	's hard to resist his enthusiasm
3	hard to resist his enthusiasm
2	to resist his enthusiasm
2	resist his enthusiasm
2	his enthusiasm
2	even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
1	if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
1	the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
2	the filmmakers
2	come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
2	come up
1	with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
0	nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
1	nothing original
2	in the way of slapstick sequences
2	the way of slapstick sequences
2	the way
3	of slapstick sequences
3	slapstick sequences
3	The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr. Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely New York celebrities ... certainly raises the film above anything Sandler 's been attached to before .
2	The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr. Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely New York celebrities ...
3	The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr. Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely New York celebrities
2	The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr. Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less -
3	The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr. Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less
3	The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr. Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos
2	The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr. Deeds , with its embrace
2	The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr. Deeds ,
2	The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr. Deeds
2	The otherwise good-naturedness
3	otherwise good-naturedness
2	of Mr. Deeds
2	Mr. Deeds
2	with its embrace
2	its embrace
2	of sheer goofiness and cameos
3	sheer goofiness and cameos
2	goofiness and cameos
2	goofiness and
2	of less
2	than-likely New York celebrities
2	New York celebrities
2	York celebrities
4	certainly raises the film above anything Sandler 's been attached to before .
4	raises the film above anything Sandler 's been attached to before .
3	raises the film above anything Sandler 's been attached to before
4	the film above anything Sandler 's been attached to before
3	the film above anything Sandler
2	the film
3	above anything Sandler
3	anything Sandler
2	's been attached to before
2	been attached to before
2	attached to before
2	to before
4	The movie is brilliant , really .
2	The movie
4	is brilliant , really .
4	is brilliant , really
3	is brilliant ,
4	is brilliant
3	It is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .
2	is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .
3	is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events
2	philosophy , illustrated through everyday events
2	philosophy ,
2	illustrated through everyday events
2	through everyday events
2	everyday events
3	It 's stylishly directed with verve ...
4	's stylishly directed with verve ...
3	's stylishly directed with verve
3	stylishly directed with verve
3	directed with verve
3	with verve
3	Gives an intriguing twist to the French coming-of-age genre .
3	Gives an intriguing twist to the French coming-of-age genre
3	Gives an intriguing twist
3	an intriguing twist
3	intriguing twist
2	to the French coming-of-age genre
2	the French coming-of-age genre
2	French coming-of-age genre
2	coming-of-age genre
3	Offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of Beijing .
3	Offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of Beijing
3	Offers an interesting look
3	an interesting look
3	interesting look
2	at the rapidly changing face of Beijing
2	the rapidly changing face of Beijing
2	the rapidly changing face
2	rapidly changing face
2	rapidly changing
2	of Beijing
3	A solid , psychological action film from Hong Kong .
3	A solid , psychological action film from Hong Kong
3	A solid , psychological action film
3	solid , psychological action film
2	, psychological action film
2	psychological action film
2	action film
2	from Hong Kong
2	Hong Kong
2	See it now , before the inevitable Hollywood remake flattens out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles .
2	See it now , before the inevitable Hollywood remake flattens out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles
4	See it now ,
3	See it now
3	See it
2	before the inevitable Hollywood remake flattens out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles
3	the inevitable Hollywood remake flattens out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles
1	the inevitable Hollywood remake
2	inevitable Hollywood remake
1	Hollywood remake
2	flattens out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles
2	out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles
2	all its odd , intriguing wrinkles
2	its odd , intriguing wrinkles
2	odd , intriguing wrinkles
3	odd , intriguing
3	, intriguing
3	Holm does his sly , intricate magic , and Iben Hjelje is entirely appealing as Pumpkin .
4	Holm does his sly , intricate magic , and Iben Hjelje is entirely appealing as Pumpkin
3	Holm does his sly , intricate magic , and
3	Holm does his sly , intricate magic ,
3	Holm does his sly , intricate magic
4	does his sly , intricate magic
3	his sly , intricate magic
3	sly , intricate magic
3	, intricate magic
4	intricate magic
3	Iben Hjelje is entirely appealing as Pumpkin
2	Iben Hjelje
3	is entirely appealing as Pumpkin
2	is entirely
2	appealing as Pumpkin
2	as Pumpkin
3	An enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race .
4	An enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race
3	An enjoyable feel-good family comedy
3	enjoyable feel-good family comedy
4	feel-good family comedy
3	family comedy
3	regardless of race
2	of race
4	Features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever .
2	Features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer
3	what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer
4	is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer
3	is surely
3	the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer
3	the funniest and most accurate depiction
4	funniest and most accurate depiction
4	funniest and most accurate
3	funniest and
2	most accurate
2	of writer
2	's block ever .
2	's block ever
2	block ever
0	It would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire .
2	would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire .
0	would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire
1	take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire
1	take a complete moron
0	a complete moron
0	complete moron
0	to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire
2	foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire
1	foul up
2	a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire
2	a screen adaptation
2	screen adaptation
3	of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire
3	Oscar Wilde 's classic satire
2	Oscar Wilde 's
2	Wilde 's
4	classic satire
3	It 's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
2	It 's bright
3	's bright
3	, pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
2	pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
3	pristine style and bold colors
3	style and bold colors
2	and bold colors
3	bold colors
3	make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
3	make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime
4	make it as much fun
2	make it
3	as much fun
4	much fun
2	as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime
3	reading an oversized picture book before bedtime
2	reading an oversized picture book
2	an oversized picture book
2	oversized picture book
2	picture book
2	before bedtime
2	In the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation , Like Mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency .
1	In the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation
0	the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation
0	the long , dishonorable history
0	long , dishonorable history
1	, dishonorable history
2	dishonorable history
1	of quickie teen-pop exploitation
1	quickie teen-pop exploitation
1	teen-pop exploitation
2	, Like Mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency .
3	Like Mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency .
2	Like Mike
2	stands out for its only partly synthetic decency .
2	stands out for its only partly synthetic decency
3	stands out
2	for its only partly synthetic decency
2	its only partly synthetic decency
2	only partly synthetic decency
2	only partly
2	synthetic decency
3	Bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .
3	Bravo for history
2	for history
3	rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .
4	rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love
1	rewritten , and
2	rewritten ,
3	for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love
2	for the uncompromising knowledge
3	the uncompromising knowledge
3	uncompromising knowledge
4	that the highest power of all is the power of love
3	the highest power of all is the power of love
2	the highest power of all
3	the highest power
3	highest power
2	of all
3	is the power of love
3	the power of love
3	the power
2	of love
4	Lead actress Gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren .
3	Lead actress Gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile ,
4	Lead actress Gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile
2	Lead actress Gaï ,
2	Lead actress Gaï
2	actress Gaï
3	she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile
3	of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile
3	the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile
2	impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile
3	impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial
2	impossibly long limbs and
3	impossibly long limbs
2	long limbs
3	sweetly conspiratorial
3	is a towering siren .
2	is a towering siren
2	a towering siren
2	towering siren
4	Even if you 've seen `` Stomp '' -LRB- the stage show -RRB- , you still have to see this !
2	Even if you 've seen `` Stomp ''
2	if you 've seen `` Stomp ''
2	you 've seen `` Stomp ''
2	've seen `` Stomp ''
2	seen `` Stomp ''
2	`` Stomp ''
2	Stomp ''
3	-LRB- the stage show -RRB- , you still have to see this !
2	-LRB- the stage show -RRB-
2	the stage show -RRB-
2	the stage show
2	the stage
4	, you still have to see this !
4	you still have to see this !
3	still have to see this !
3	have to see this !
4	have to see this
2	to see this
3	see this
3	... a light , yet engrossing piece .
4	a light , yet engrossing piece .
3	a light , yet engrossing piece
3	a light ,
2	a light
4	yet engrossing piece
3	engrossing piece
4	Lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , Jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .
2	Lux , now in her eighties ,
2	Lux , now in her eighties
2	Lux ,
2	now in her eighties
2	in her eighties
2	her eighties
3	does a great combination act as narrator , Jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .
4	does a great combination act as narrator , Jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history
4	does a great combination act as narrator , Jewish grandmother and subject --
3	does a great combination act as narrator , Jewish grandmother and subject
4	does a great combination act
3	a great combination act
3	great combination act
2	combination act
2	as narrator , Jewish grandmother and subject
2	narrator , Jewish grandmother and subject
2	narrator , Jewish grandmother and
2	narrator , Jewish grandmother
2	narrator ,
2	Jewish grandmother
3	taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history
2	taking us
2	through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history
3	a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history
2	a film
3	that is part biography , part entertainment and part history
2	is part biography , part entertainment and part history
3	part biography , part entertainment and part history
3	part biography , part entertainment and
3	part biography , part entertainment
2	part biography ,
2	part biography
2	part entertainment
2	part history
3	It 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .
2	It 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast
1	It 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but
1	It 's a setup so easy it borders on facile ,
2	It 's a setup so easy it borders on facile
2	's a setup so easy it borders on facile
1	a setup so easy it borders on facile
2	a setup so easy
2	a setup
2	so easy
1	it borders on facile
2	borders on facile
2	on facile
2	keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast
2	keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity
2	keeping the film
2	the film
1	from cheap-shot mediocrity
0	cheap-shot mediocrity
2	is its crack cast
3	its crack cast
3	crack cast
3	Rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of Yiddish culture and language .
3	Rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of Yiddish culture and language
2	with the rueful , wry humor springing out of Yiddish culture and language
3	the rueful , wry humor springing out of Yiddish culture and language
3	the rueful , wry humor
3	rueful , wry humor
2	, wry humor
3	wry humor
2	springing out of Yiddish culture and language
2	springing out
2	of Yiddish culture and language
2	Yiddish culture and language
2	culture and language
2	culture and
4	A time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain .
4	A time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain
3	A time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and
4	A time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater ,
3	A time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater
3	A time machine , a journey back to your childhood ,
3	A time machine , a journey back to your childhood
2	A time machine ,
2	A time machine
2	time machine
3	a journey back to your childhood
2	a journey back
2	journey back
2	to your childhood
2	your childhood
3	when cares melted away in the dark theater
2	when cares
2	melted away in the dark theater
2	melted away
2	in the dark theater
1	the dark theater
2	dark theater
4	films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain
4	had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain
4	the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain
2	the ability
3	to mesmerize , astonish and entertain
3	mesmerize , astonish and entertain
4	, astonish and entertain
4	astonish and entertain
3	astonish and
3	Rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-Shakespeare controversy .
2	Rubbo 's humorously
2	Rubbo 's
1	tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-Shakespeare controversy .
2	tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-Shakespeare controversy
1	tendentious intervention
2	into the who-wrote-Shakespeare controversy
2	the who-wrote-Shakespeare controversy
2	who-wrote-Shakespeare controversy
3	Cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .
3	beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .
3	illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .
3	illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in
3	what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in
2	it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in
2	means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in
2	means sometimes
2	to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in
3	be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in
2	be inside looking out , and
2	be inside looking out ,
2	be inside looking out
2	inside looking out
2	looking out
2	at other times outside looking in
2	at other times
2	other times
2	outside looking in
2	looking in
3	K-19 : The Widowmaker is a great yarn .
3	: The Widowmaker is a great yarn .
3	The Widowmaker is a great yarn .
4	The Widowmaker is a great yarn
2	The Widowmaker
3	is a great yarn
3	a great yarn
3	great yarn
4	It 's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .
3	's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .
3	's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest
2	's as raw and
2	's as raw
2	as raw
3	action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest
3	action-packed an experience as a ringside seat
3	action-packed an experience
2	an experience
2	as a ringside seat
2	a ringside seat
3	ringside seat
1	at a tough-man contest
2	a tough-man contest
2	tough-man contest
1	Evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes .
3	Evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes
3	Evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up ,
3	Evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up
2	the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up
2	the frustration , the awkwardness and
2	the frustration , the awkwardness
1	the frustration ,
2	the frustration
2	the awkwardness
3	the euphoria of growing up
3	the euphoria
2	of growing up
2	growing up
2	without relying on the usual tropes
2	relying on the usual tropes
2	on the usual tropes
2	the usual tropes
2	usual tropes
2	A brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .
2	A brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it
3	A brilliant gag
3	brilliant gag
0	at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it
1	the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it
2	the expense
2	of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it
2	those who paid for it and those who pay to see it
2	those who paid for it and
2	those who paid for it
2	who paid for it
2	paid for it
2	for it
2	those who pay to see it
2	who pay to see it
3	pay to see it
2	to see it
3	see it
3	Visually striking and viscerally repellent .
3	Visually striking and viscerally repellent
3	Visually striking and
3	Visually striking
1	viscerally repellent
3	Overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .
2	Overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances
1	Overcomes its visual hideousness
2	its visual hideousness
0	visual hideousness
4	with a sharp script and strong performances
4	a sharp script and strong performances
3	a sharp script and
3	a sharp script
3	sharp script
3	strong performances
4	Astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .
4	Astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one
4	Astonishingly skillful and moving ...
4	Astonishingly skillful and moving
3	skillful and moving
3	skillful and
4	it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one
4	could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one
4	become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one
3	become a historically significant work
3	a historically significant work
4	historically significant work
3	historically significant
3	as well as a masterfully made one
2	as well
4	as a masterfully made one
4	a masterfully made one
3	a masterfully
2	made one
4	Beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .
4	Beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly
4	Beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates
4	Beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ...
4	Beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling
3	Beautifully crafted and
3	Beautifully crafted
2	cooly unsettling
3	the atmosphere of the crime expertly
3	the atmosphere
2	of the crime expertly
2	the crime expertly
1	crime expertly
4	The year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but Take Care of My Cat emerges as the very best of them .
4	The year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but Take Care of My Cat emerges as the very best of them
2	The year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but
2	The year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible ,
2	The year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible
2	The year 2002
2	year 2002
2	has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible
3	conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible
3	conjured up more coming-of-age stories
2	conjured up
3	more coming-of-age stories
2	coming-of-age stories
2	than seem possible
2	seem possible
4	Take Care of My Cat emerges as the very best of them
2	Take Care of My Cat
2	Take Care
2	of My Cat
2	My Cat
4	emerges as the very best of them
3	as the very best of them
3	the very best of them
4	the very best
4	very best
2	of them
2	Although it does n't always hang together -- violence and whimsy do n't combine easily -- `` Cherish '' certainly is n't dull .
1	Although it does n't always hang together
2	it does n't always hang together
1	does n't always hang together
2	does n't always
1	does n't
2	hang together
3	-- violence and whimsy do n't combine easily -- `` Cherish '' certainly is n't dull .
1	-- violence and whimsy do n't combine easily --
2	violence and whimsy do n't combine easily --
1	violence and whimsy do n't combine easily
2	violence and whimsy
2	violence and
1	do n't combine easily
2	do n't
2	combine easily
3	`` Cherish '' certainly is n't dull .
3	Cherish '' certainly is n't dull .
3	'' certainly is n't dull .
3	certainly is n't dull .
3	is n't dull .
2	is n't dull
1	is n't
3	The sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in IMAX dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .
2	The sight of the spaceship on the launching pad
2	The sight
2	of the spaceship on the launching pad
2	the spaceship on the launching pad
2	the spaceship
2	on the launching pad
2	the launching pad
2	launching pad
4	is duly impressive in IMAX dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .
3	is duly impressive in IMAX dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins
4	is duly impressive in IMAX dimensions ,
2	is duly impressive in IMAX dimensions
3	duly impressive in IMAX dimensions
4	impressive in IMAX dimensions
2	in IMAX dimensions
2	IMAX dimensions
2	as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins
2	are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins
2	shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins
2	of the astronauts floating in their cabins
2	the astronauts floating in their cabins
2	the astronauts
2	floating in their cabins
2	in their cabins
2	their cabins
4	Time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .
4	Time is a beautiful film to watch
4	is a beautiful film to watch
4	a beautiful film to watch
4	beautiful film to watch
3	film to watch
2	to watch
3	, an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .
3	an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .
3	an interesting and at times captivating
4	interesting and at times captivating
3	interesting and at times
4	interesting and
2	at times
1	take on loss and loneliness .
1	take on loss and loneliness
2	on loss and loneliness
1	loss and loneliness
2	loss and
3	An intriguing look at the French film industry during the German occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .
3	An intriguing look at the French film industry during the German occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves
3	An intriguing look at the French film industry during the German occupation ;
3	An intriguing look at the French film industry during the German occupation
3	An intriguing look
3	intriguing look
2	at the French film industry during the German occupation
2	the French film industry during the German occupation
2	the French film industry
2	French film industry
2	film industry
2	during the German occupation
1	the German occupation
2	German occupation
3	its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves
3	its most delightful moments
3	most delightful moments
4	most delightful
3	come when various characters express their quirky inner selves
3	when various characters express their quirky inner selves
3	various characters express their quirky inner selves
2	various characters
2	express their quirky inner selves
3	their quirky inner selves
2	quirky inner selves
2	inner selves
3	A fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .
3	A fine documentary
4	fine documentary
3	can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .
3	can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience
2	be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience
3	be distinguished from a mediocre one
2	distinguished from a mediocre one
2	from a mediocre one
1	a mediocre one
1	mediocre one
3	by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience
3	the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience
3	the better film 's
2	better film 's
2	film 's
4	ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience
3	to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience
2	make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience
2	its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience
2	its subject
2	interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience
2	to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience
2	those who are n't part of its supposed target audience
2	who are n't part of its supposed target audience
2	are n't part of its supposed target audience
1	are n't
2	part of its supposed target audience
2	of its supposed target audience
2	its supposed target audience
2	supposed target audience
2	target audience
3	Judging by those standards , ` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .
2	Judging by those standards
2	by those standards
2	those standards
4	, ` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .
3	` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .
2	` Scratch '
2	Scratch '
3	is a pretty decent little documentary .
3	is a pretty decent little documentary
3	a pretty decent little documentary
3	pretty decent little documentary
3	pretty decent
2	little documentary
2	Fubar is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way .
3	is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way .
3	is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way
3	is very funny , but not always
3	very funny , but not always
3	very funny , but
4	very funny ,
4	very funny
2	not always
3	in a laugh-out-loud way
3	a laugh-out-loud way
3	laugh-out-loud way
3	A diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of Palestinian and Israeli children .
4	A diverse and astonishingly articulate
3	diverse and astonishingly articulate
2	diverse and astonishingly
2	diverse and
2	cast of Palestinian and Israeli children .
2	cast of Palestinian and Israeli children
2	of Palestinian and Israeli children
2	Palestinian and Israeli children
2	and Israeli children
2	Israeli children
3	Slight but enjoyable documentary .
3	but enjoyable documentary .
3	enjoyable documentary .
2	documentary .
2	` The film is stark , straightforward and deadly ... an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shaken by ... blasts of rage , and later , violent jealousy . '
3	The film is stark , straightforward and deadly ... an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shaken by ... blasts of rage , and later , violent jealousy . '
2	The film
2	is stark , straightforward and deadly ... an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shaken by ... blasts of rage , and later , violent jealousy . '
2	is stark , straightforward and deadly ... an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shaken by ... blasts of rage , and later , violent jealousy .
3	is stark , straightforward and deadly ... an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shaken by ... blasts of rage , and later , violent jealousy
3	is stark , straightforward and deadly ...
2	is stark , straightforward and deadly
3	stark , straightforward and deadly
2	, straightforward and deadly
3	straightforward and deadly
2	straightforward and
2	an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shaken by ... blasts of rage , and later , violent jealousy
2	an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shaken by ... blasts of rage , and
2	an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shaken by ... blasts of rage ,
1	an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shaken by ... blasts of rage
3	an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shaken by ...
3	an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shaken by
3	an unnatural calm
2	unnatural calm
2	that 's occasionally shaken by
2	's occasionally shaken by
2	's occasionally
2	shaken by
1	blasts of rage
2	of rage
1	later , violent jealousy
2	, violent jealousy
1	violent jealousy
2	Call this The Full Monty on ice , the underdog sports team formula redux .
2	Call this The Full Monty on ice , the underdog sports team formula redux
3	Call this The Full Monty on ice ,
2	Call this The Full Monty on ice
2	this The Full Monty on ice
2	this The Full Monty
2	The Full Monty
2	Full Monty
2	on ice
1	the underdog sports team formula redux
2	underdog sports team formula redux
2	sports team formula redux
2	team formula redux
2	formula redux
3	Unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .
3	Unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow
4	in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow
3	a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow
3	a low-key , organic way
2	low-key , organic way
2	, organic way
2	organic way
3	that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow
4	encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow
3	you to accept it as life and go with its flow
2	to accept it as life and go with its flow
3	accept it as life and go with its flow
1	accept it as life and
2	accept it as life
2	accept it
2	as life
2	go with its flow
2	with its flow
2	its flow
3	A beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .
4	A beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
3	A beguiling evocation
2	beguiling evocation
4	of the quality that keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
4	the quality that keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
2	the quality
3	that keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
3	keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
4	Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
2	Dickens evergreen :
2	Dickens evergreen
3	the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
3	the exuberant openness
3	exuberant openness
2	with which he expresses our most basic emotions
2	with which
3	he expresses our most basic emotions
3	expresses our most basic emotions
2	our most basic emotions
2	most basic emotions
3	most basic
3	The heat of the moment prevails .
3	The heat of the moment
2	The heat
2	of the moment
2	the moment
2	prevails .
3	It cooks Conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .
2	cooks Conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .
3	cooks Conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle
4	Conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle
2	in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle
3	a low , smoky and inviting sizzle
3	low , smoky and inviting sizzle
3	low , smoky and inviting
3	, smoky and inviting
3	smoky and inviting
3	smoky and
4	A riveting story well told .
3	A riveting story
3	riveting story
3	well told .
2	told .
2	Denis forges out of the theories of class - based rage and sisterly obsession a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord .
2	Denis forges out of the theories of class - based rage and sisterly obsession a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord
3	Denis forges out of the theories of class -
2	Denis forges out of the theories of class
2	forges out of the theories of class
2	forges out
2	of the theories of class
2	the theories of class
2	the theories
2	of class
3	based rage and sisterly obsession a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord
2	based rage and sisterly obsession
2	rage and sisterly obsession
2	rage and
2	sisterly obsession
1	a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord
2	a razor-sided tuning
3	razor-sided tuning
2	fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord
2	fork that rings
2	that rings
2	with cultural , sexual and social discord
1	cultural , sexual and social discord
2	cultural , sexual and social
2	, sexual and social
2	sexual and social
2	sexual and
4	A compelling pre-WWII drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .
3	A compelling pre-WWII drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message
3	A compelling pre-WWII drama
4	compelling pre-WWII drama
2	pre-WWII drama
4	with vivid characters and a warm , moving message
4	vivid characters and a warm , moving message
3	vivid characters and
3	vivid characters
3	a warm , moving message
3	warm , moving message
3	warm , moving
3	, moving
3	The stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .
3	The stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble
2	The stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and
3	The stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman
3	The stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get :
3	The stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get
2	The stars may be college kids , but
2	The stars may be college kids ,
2	The stars may be college kids
3	The stars
2	may be college kids
2	be college kids
2	college kids
3	the subject matter is as adult as you can get
2	the subject matter
2	subject matter
3	is as adult as you can get
2	is as adult
2	as adult
2	as you can get
2	you can get
2	can get
2	the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman
2	the temptations of the flesh
2	the temptations
3	of the flesh
2	the flesh
2	are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman
3	unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman
2	by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman
2	a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman
2	slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman
2	slightly crazed , overtly determined
2	crazed , overtly determined
2	, overtly determined
2	overtly determined
2	young woman
2	a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble
2	a one-night swim
2	one-night swim
1	turns into an ocean of trouble
1	into an ocean of trouble
2	an ocean of trouble
2	an ocean
2	of trouble
3	Pretty good little movie .
4	Pretty good little movie
3	good little movie
2	little movie
4	By turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , Never Again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
4	By turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy
3	turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy
3	touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy
3	touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes ,
3	touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and
2	touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable ,
3	touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable
4	touching , raucously amusing ,
3	touching , raucously amusing
3	touching ,
4	raucously amusing
2	, yes ,
2	yes ,
3	even sexy
4	, Never Again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
3	Never Again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
2	Never Again
3	is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
3	is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre
4	a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre
4	a welcome and heartwarming addition
3	welcome and heartwarming addition
3	welcome and heartwarming
2	welcome and
2	to the romantic comedy genre
2	the romantic comedy genre
3	romantic comedy genre
3	comedy genre
3	If you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work .
2	If you have n't seen the film lately
2	you have n't seen the film lately
2	have n't seen the film lately
2	have n't
2	seen the film lately
2	seen the film
2	the film
3	, you may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work .
3	you may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work .
3	may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work .
3	may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work
3	be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work
4	surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work
3	at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work
3	the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work
2	the variety
2	of tones in Spielberg 's work
2	tones in Spielberg 's work
2	in Spielberg 's work
2	Spielberg 's work
2	Spielberg 's
3	Much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments ...
3	Much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments
3	Much of it is funny , but
3	Much of it is funny ,
3	Much of it is funny
2	Much of it
2	of it
3	is funny
3	there are also some startling , surrealistic moments
3	are also some startling , surrealistic moments
3	are also
3	some startling , surrealistic moments
2	startling , surrealistic moments
3	, surrealistic moments
2	surrealistic moments
2	-LRB- The digital effects -RRB- reminded me of Terry Gilliam 's rudimentary old Monty Python cartoons , in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together .
2	The digital effects -RRB- reminded me of Terry Gilliam 's rudimentary old Monty Python cartoons , in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together .
2	The digital effects
2	digital effects
2	-RRB- reminded me of Terry Gilliam 's rudimentary old Monty Python cartoons , in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together .
2	reminded me of Terry Gilliam 's rudimentary old Monty Python cartoons , in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together .
2	reminded me of Terry Gilliam 's rudimentary old Monty Python cartoons , in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together
2	me of Terry Gilliam 's rudimentary old Monty Python cartoons , in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together
2	me of Terry Gilliam 's rudimentary old Monty Python cartoons ,
2	me of Terry Gilliam 's rudimentary old Monty Python cartoons
2	of Terry Gilliam 's rudimentary old Monty Python cartoons
2	Terry Gilliam 's rudimentary old Monty Python cartoons
2	Terry Gilliam 's
2	Gilliam 's
2	rudimentary old Monty Python cartoons
3	old Monty Python cartoons
2	Monty Python cartoons
2	Python cartoons
3	in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together
2	in which
2	he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together
2	would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together
2	cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together
2	cut out figures from drawings and photographs and
2	cut out figures from drawings and photographs
1	cut out figures
2	cut out
2	from drawings and photographs
2	drawings and photographs
2	drawings and
2	paste them together
2	paste them
3	An entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .
3	An entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans
4	An entertaining mix
3	entertaining mix
3	of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans
3	period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans
2	period drama and flat-out farce
2	drama and flat-out farce
1	and flat-out farce
2	flat-out farce
4	that should please history fans
3	should please history fans
3	please history fans
2	history fans
3	Canada 's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people .
3	Canada 's arctic light
2	Canada 's
2	arctic light
4	shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people .
4	shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people
3	bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people
4	on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people
3	this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people
1	this frozen tundra soap opera
1	frozen tundra soap opera
2	tundra soap opera
1	soap opera
4	that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people
4	breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people
3	breathes extraordinary life
2	extraordinary life
2	into the private existence of the Inuit people
2	the private existence of the Inuit people
2	the private existence
2	private existence
2	of the Inuit people
2	the Inuit people
2	Inuit people
3	The fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on Büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history .
4	The fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on Büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history
4	The fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on Büttner -- and
4	The fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on Büttner --
4	The fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels
2	The fluid motion
2	fluid motion
3	is astounding on any number of levels
4	astounding on any number of levels
2	on any number of levels
2	any number of levels
2	any number
2	of levels
2	-- including the physical demands made on Büttner --
2	including the physical demands made on Büttner --
2	including the physical demands made on Büttner
2	the physical demands made on Büttner
2	the physical demands
2	physical demands
2	made on Büttner
2	on Büttner
2	it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history
3	implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history
2	implies in its wake
2	in its wake
2	its wake
2	the intractable , irreversible flow of history
2	the intractable , irreversible flow
2	intractable , irreversible flow
2	, irreversible flow
2	irreversible flow
2	of history
3	Alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous .
4	Alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous
3	Alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and
2	Alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating
2	Alternately hilarious and sad ,
3	Alternately hilarious and sad
3	hilarious and sad
4	hilarious and
3	soulful , scathing and joyous
3	soulful , scathing and
2	soulful , scathing
3	soulful ,
4	It 's a masterpeice .
4	's a masterpeice .
2	's a masterpeice
4	a masterpeice
3	The film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .
3	The film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters
1	The film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but
2	The film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original ,
1	The film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original
2	The film 's messages of tolerance and diversity
2	The film 's messages
2	The film 's
2	film 's
2	of tolerance and diversity
3	tolerance and diversity
2	tolerance and
2	are n't particularly original
1	are n't
3	particularly original
3	one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters
3	ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters
2	ca n't help but
2	ca n't help
2	ca n't
3	be drawn in by the sympathetic characters
3	drawn in by the sympathetic characters
3	in by the sympathetic characters
2	by the sympathetic characters
2	the sympathetic characters
3	sympathetic characters
3	Though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
1	Though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem
0	it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem
1	lacks the utter authority of a genre gem
3	the utter authority of a genre gem
2	the utter authority
1	utter authority
3	of a genre gem
3	a genre gem
3	genre gem
4	, there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
4	there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
3	's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
3	's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting
3	a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting
3	a certain robustness
3	certain robustness
3	to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting
3	this engaging mix of love and bloodletting
3	this engaging mix
3	engaging mix
2	of love and bloodletting
3	love and bloodletting
3	love and
3	A conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in Ireland over a man 's right to raise his own children .
3	A conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in Ireland over a man
3	A conventional , but well-crafted film
3	conventional , but well-crafted film
3	conventional , but well-crafted
2	conventional , but
1	conventional ,
2	about a historic legal battle in Ireland over a man
2	a historic legal battle in Ireland over a man
2	a historic legal battle
2	historic legal battle
1	legal battle
3	in Ireland over a man
2	Ireland over a man
2	over a man
2	a man
2	's right to raise his own children .
2	's right to raise his own children
2	right to raise his own children
2	to raise his own children
2	raise his own children
2	his own children
2	own children
3	Yes , it 's as good as you remember .
3	, it 's as good as you remember .
4	it 's as good as you remember .
3	's as good as you remember .
3	's as good as you remember
3	's as good
3	as good
2	as you remember
2	you remember
3	In fact , even better .
3	In fact , even better
3	fact , even better
3	fact ,
3	even better
4	Hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .
3	adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .
3	adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining
3	adds enough quirky and satirical touches
3	enough quirky and satirical touches
3	quirky and satirical touches
3	and satirical touches
3	satirical touches
3	in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining
3	the screenplay to keep the film entertaining
3	screenplay to keep the film entertaining
3	to keep the film entertaining
3	keep the film entertaining
2	the film entertaining
2	the film
0	An uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , The Grey Zone does have a center , though a morbid one .
0	An uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , The Grey Zone
0	An uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless ,
0	An uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless
0	An uncomfortable movie ,
0	An uncomfortable movie
1	uncomfortable movie
0	suffocating and sometimes almost senseless
2	suffocating and
1	sometimes almost senseless
1	almost senseless
2	The Grey Zone
1	Grey Zone
2	does have a center , though a morbid one .
2	does have a center , though a morbid one
2	have a center , though a morbid one
2	a center , though a morbid one
2	a center ,
2	a center
1	though a morbid one
1	a morbid one
1	morbid one
2	This is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them .
2	is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them .
3	is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them
4	a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them
3	a harrowing movie
2	harrowing movie
2	about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them
2	how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them
2	parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them
1	know where all the buttons are , and how to push them
2	where all the buttons are , and how to push them
2	where all the buttons are , and
2	where all the buttons are ,
2	where all the buttons are
2	all the buttons are
2	all the buttons
3	the buttons
2	how to push them
2	to push them
2	push them
3	A stirring road movie .
3	stirring road movie .
2	road movie .
2	movie .
3	One of the best films I have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .
4	One of the best films
4	of the best films
3	the best films
4	best films
4	I have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .
4	have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .
4	have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense
3	ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense
3	seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense
2	seen ,
4	constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense
3	constantly pulling the rug from underneath us ,
3	constantly pulling the rug from underneath us
2	pulling the rug from underneath us
2	pulling the rug
2	the rug
2	from underneath us
2	underneath us
3	seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense
3	seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper ,
2	seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper
3	seeing things from new sides ,
3	seeing things from new sides
2	seeing things
2	from new sides
2	new sides
3	plunging deeper
2	getting more intense
2	more intense
4	Insanely hilarious !
4	Insanely hilarious
4	I have n't laughed that hard in years !
4	have n't laughed that hard in years !
4	have n't laughed that hard in years
2	have n't
4	laughed that hard in years
4	laughed that hard
2	that hard
2	in years
2	Anyone who 's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved .
1	Anyone who 's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor
2	who 's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor
2	's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor
2	's ever
2	suffered under a martinet music instructor
2	under a martinet music instructor
2	a martinet music instructor
2	martinet music instructor
2	music instructor
1	has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved .
2	has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved
2	has no doubt
2	no doubt
2	fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved
2	fantasized about what
2	about what
2	an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved
1	an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life
2	unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life
1	unhappy , repressed and twisted
2	, repressed and twisted
2	repressed and twisted
2	repressed and
2	personal life
2	their tormentor deserved
2	their tormentor
4	These people are really going to love The Piano Teacher .
1	These people
3	are really going to love The Piano Teacher .
3	are really going to love The Piano Teacher
2	are really
4	going to love The Piano Teacher
3	to love The Piano Teacher
3	love The Piano Teacher
3	The Piano Teacher
2	Piano Teacher
2	It 's a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it 's implosion rather than explosion you fear .
3	's a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it 's implosion rather than explosion you fear .
1	's a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it 's implosion rather than explosion you fear
4	a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it 's implosion rather than explosion you fear
2	a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it 's implosion rather than
3	a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it 's implosion
3	a tour de force ,
3	a tour de force
2	tour de force
2	de force
2	written and directed so quietly that it 's implosion
3	written and directed so quietly
2	written and directed
2	written and
2	so quietly
1	that it 's implosion
2	it 's implosion
2	's implosion
2	rather than
2	explosion you fear
2	you fear
2	It may not be history -- but then again , what if it is ?
2	may not be history -- but then again , what if it is ?
2	may not be history -- but then again , what if it is
2	may not be history -- but then again ,
2	may not be history -- but then again
2	may not be history -- but
2	may not be history --
2	may not be history
1	may not
2	be history
2	then again
2	what if it is
2	if it is
3	it is
4	-- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while .
4	but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while .
4	it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while .
4	makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while .
4	makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while
4	for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while
4	one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while
4	of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while
4	the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while
4	the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies
4	the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings
4	most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings
4	most purely enjoyable and satisfying
3	most purely enjoyable and
4	most purely enjoyable
4	purely enjoyable
2	at the movies
2	the movies
2	I 've had in a while
2	've had in a while
2	had in a while
2	in a while
2	a while
4	If `` Lilo & Stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .
2	If `` Lilo & Stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen
2	`` Lilo & Stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen
1	Lilo & Stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen
2	Lilo & Stitch
2	Lilo &
2	'' is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen
2	is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen
1	is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation
1	is n't
3	the most edgy piece of Disney animation
3	the most edgy piece
3	most edgy piece
3	most edgy
2	of Disney animation
2	Disney animation
2	to hit the silver screen
2	hit the silver screen
3	the silver screen
2	silver screen
3	, then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .
4	then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .
2	then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` Dumbo ''
2	then this first film
2	this first film
2	first film
2	to use a watercolor background since `` Dumbo ''
2	use a watercolor background since `` Dumbo ''
2	use a watercolor background
2	a watercolor background
2	watercolor background
2	since `` Dumbo ''
2	since `` Dumbo
2	since ``
3	certainly ranks as the most original in years .
4	ranks as the most original in years .
4	ranks as the most original in years
3	as the most original in years
3	the most original in years
4	the most original
3	most original
2	in years
2	This may be Dover Kosashvili 's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic .
3	This may be Dover Kosashvili 's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic
2	This may be Dover Kosashvili 's feature directing debut , but
3	This may be Dover Kosashvili 's feature directing debut ,
2	This may be Dover Kosashvili 's feature directing debut
2	may be Dover Kosashvili 's feature directing debut
2	be Dover Kosashvili 's feature directing debut
3	Dover Kosashvili 's feature directing debut
2	Dover Kosashvili 's
2	Kosashvili 's
2	feature directing debut
2	directing debut
2	it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic
1	looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic
2	an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic
3	an awful lot like life -- gritty ,
2	an awful lot like life -- gritty
2	an awful lot like life --
2	an awful lot like life
2	an awful lot
2	awful lot
3	like life
1	awkward and ironic
1	awkward and
3	This ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy -LRB- if not entirely wholesome -RRB- fun .
3	This ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy -LRB- if not entirely wholesome -RRB- fun
1	This ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but
2	This ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day ,
1	This ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day
2	This ready-made midnight movie
3	ready-made midnight movie
2	midnight movie
1	probably wo n't stand the cold light of day
0	wo n't stand the cold light of day
2	wo n't
2	stand the cold light of day
2	the cold light of day
1	the cold light
1	cold light
2	of day
3	under the right conditions , it 's goofy -LRB- if not entirely wholesome -RRB- fun
2	under the right conditions
3	the right conditions
3	right conditions
3	, it 's goofy -LRB- if not entirely wholesome -RRB- fun
3	it 's goofy -LRB- if not entirely wholesome -RRB- fun
2	's goofy -LRB- if not entirely wholesome -RRB- fun
3	goofy -LRB- if not entirely wholesome -RRB- fun
2	goofy -LRB- if not entirely wholesome -RRB-
2	-LRB- if not entirely wholesome -RRB-
2	if not entirely wholesome -RRB-
2	if not
3	entirely wholesome -RRB-
4	entirely wholesome
4	See Scratch for the history , see Scratch for the music , see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
2	See Scratch for the history
2	See Scratch
2	for the history
2	the history
4	, see Scratch for the music , see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
4	see Scratch for the music , see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
2	see Scratch for the music
2	Scratch for the music
2	for the music
2	the music
2	, see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
3	see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
2	see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion
2	see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all ,
2	see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all
2	see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but ,
2	see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but
2	see Scratch for a lesson in scratching ,
2	see Scratch for a lesson in scratching
1	Scratch for a lesson in scratching
2	for a lesson in scratching
2	a lesson in scratching
2	a lesson
2	in scratching
2	most of all
2	of all
3	see it for the passion
3	see it
2	for the passion
2	the passion
3	... `` Bowling for Columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
4	`` Bowling for Columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
3	Bowling for Columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
2	Bowling for Columbine
2	for Columbine
3	'' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
2	remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
3	remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film
3	a disquieting and thought-provoking film
3	disquieting and thought-provoking film
4	and thought-provoking film
3	thought-provoking film
2	Even though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director , it does n't make for completely empty entertainment
2	Even though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director
2	though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director
3	it is infused with the sensibility of a video director
3	is infused with the sensibility of a video director
3	infused with the sensibility of a video director
3	with the sensibility of a video director
2	the sensibility of a video director
2	the sensibility
2	of a video director
2	a video director
2	video director
2	, it does n't make for completely empty entertainment
3	it does n't make for completely empty entertainment
2	does n't make for completely empty entertainment
1	does n't
1	make for completely empty entertainment
0	for completely empty entertainment
1	completely empty entertainment
1	completely empty
2	But even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between Jolie and Burns ... this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to Screenwriting For Dummies conformity .
1	But even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between Jolie and Burns
3	even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between Jolie and Burns
3	with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between Jolie and Burns
3	the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between Jolie and Burns
2	the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry
2	two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry
2	between Jolie and Burns
2	Jolie and Burns
2	Jolie and
1	... this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to Screenwriting For Dummies conformity .
0	this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to Screenwriting For Dummies conformity .
2	this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to Screenwriting For Dummies conformity
2	this otherwise appealing picture
3	otherwise appealing picture
3	otherwise appealing
0	loses its soul to Screenwriting For Dummies conformity
2	its soul to Screenwriting For Dummies conformity
3	its soul to Screenwriting
3	its soul
2	to Screenwriting
2	For Dummies conformity
1	Dummies conformity
3	Talk to Her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .
3	Talk to Her is so darned assured
2	Talk to Her
2	to Her
2	is so darned assured
2	so darned assured
3	darned assured
3	, we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .
3	we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .
3	have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .
3	have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching
2	absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching
3	absolutely no idea
2	no idea
3	who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching
2	the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching
2	the main characters
2	main characters
3	are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching
4	until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching
4	the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching
2	the film is well under way -- and yet
2	the film is well under way -- and
4	the film is well under way --
2	the film is well under way
2	the film
2	is well under way
3	is well
2	under way
4	it 's hard to stop watching
4	's hard to stop watching
3	hard to stop watching
1	to stop watching
1	stop watching
3	Star\/producer Salma Hayek and director Julie Taymor have infused Frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
2	Star\/producer Salma Hayek and director Julie Taymor
2	Salma Hayek and director Julie Taymor
2	Hayek and director Julie Taymor
2	and director Julie Taymor
2	director Julie Taymor
2	Julie Taymor
4	have infused Frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
4	have infused Frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own
3	infused Frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own
3	infused Frida with a visual style unique and inherent
3	Frida with a visual style unique and inherent
3	with a visual style unique and inherent
3	a visual style unique and inherent
2	a visual style
3	visual style
3	unique and inherent
3	unique and
4	to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own
2	to the titular character 's paintings and
2	to the titular character 's paintings
2	the titular character 's paintings
2	the titular character 's
2	titular character 's
2	character 's
3	in the process created a masterful work of art of their own
4	the process created a masterful work of art of their own
2	the process
4	created a masterful work of art of their own
4	a masterful work of art of their own
4	a masterful work
4	masterful work
2	of art of their own
2	art of their own
2	of their own
2	their own
4	A truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .
3	A truly wonderful tale
4	truly wonderful tale
4	truly wonderful
4	combined with stunning animation .
4	combined with stunning animation
4	with stunning animation
4	stunning animation
3	A low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord .
3	A low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord
2	A low-key labor
2	low-key labor
3	of love that strikes a very resonant chord
3	love that strikes a very resonant chord
3	that strikes a very resonant chord
4	strikes a very resonant chord
3	a very resonant chord
2	very resonant chord
3	resonant chord
3	An average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .
3	An average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains
2	An average kid-empowerment fantasy
3	average kid-empowerment fantasy
3	kid-empowerment fantasy
2	with slightly above-average brains
2	slightly above-average brains
3	above-average brains
3	Confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong .
3	Confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong
2	Confessions is n't always coherent , but
1	Confessions is n't always coherent ,
1	Confessions is n't always coherent
1	is n't always coherent
2	is n't always
1	is n't
4	it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong
3	's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong
4	's sharply comic and surprisingly touching ,
4	's sharply comic and surprisingly touching
4	sharply comic and surprisingly touching
3	sharply comic and
4	sharply comic
3	surprisingly touching
2	so hold the gong
2	hold the gong
2	the gong
2	While Guzmán frustratingly refuses to give Pinochet 's crimes a political context , his distance from the material is mostly admirable .
1	While Guzmán frustratingly refuses to give Pinochet 's crimes a political context
1	Guzmán frustratingly refuses to give Pinochet 's crimes a political context
0	frustratingly refuses to give Pinochet 's crimes a political context
2	refuses to give Pinochet 's crimes a political context
2	to give Pinochet 's crimes a political context
2	give Pinochet 's crimes a political context
2	give Pinochet 's crimes
2	Pinochet 's crimes
2	Pinochet 's
2	a political context
2	political context
3	, his distance from the material is mostly admirable .
3	his distance from the material is mostly admirable .
2	his distance from the material
2	his distance
2	from the material
2	the material
3	is mostly admirable .
4	is mostly admirable
3	mostly admirable
2	... a story , an old and scary one , about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they take .
3	a story , an old and scary one , about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they take .
2	a story , an old and scary one , about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they
2	a story , an old and scary one ,
2	a story , an old and scary one
2	a story ,
2	a story
1	an old and scary one
1	old and scary one
2	old and scary
1	old and
3	about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they
2	the monsters we make , and the vengeance they
2	the monsters
2	we make , and the vengeance they
2	we make , and
2	we make ,
2	we make
2	the vengeance they
2	the vengeance
2	take .
3	A sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .
4	A sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters
3	A sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three
4	A sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait
3	sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait
3	sentimental but entirely irresistible
2	sentimental but
3	entirely irresistible
3	of three
2	aging sisters
3	White Oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it .
3	White Oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it
2	White Oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but
0	White Oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark ,
2	White Oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark
2	White Oleander
1	may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark
2	leave you rolling your eyes in the dark
2	you rolling your eyes in the dark
1	rolling your eyes in the dark
1	rolling your eyes
2	your eyes
2	in the dark
1	the dark
2	that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it
3	does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it
1	does n't
2	mean you wo n't like looking at it
0	you wo n't like looking at it
1	wo n't like looking at it
2	wo n't
2	like looking at it
2	looking at it
2	at it
3	In painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the Marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .
3	In painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people
3	painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people
4	an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people
3	an unabashedly romantic picture
3	unabashedly romantic picture
3	unabashedly romantic
2	of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people
3	a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people
2	a nation
2	whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people
2	whose songs
2	spring directly from the lives of the people
2	spring directly
2	from the lives of the people
2	the lives of the people
2	the lives
2	of the people
2	the people
2	, the movie exalts the Marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .
2	the movie exalts the Marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .
2	the movie
3	exalts the Marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .
2	exalts the Marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song
2	exalts the Marxian dream of honest working folk , with little
3	exalts the Marxian dream of honest working folk ,
3	exalts the Marxian dream of honest working folk
2	the Marxian dream of honest working folk
2	the Marxian dream
2	Marxian dream
3	of honest working folk
2	honest working folk
2	working folk
2	with little
3	to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song
3	show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song
2	for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song
2	their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song
2	their labor , living harmoniously ,
2	their labor , living harmoniously
2	their labor ,
2	their labor
3	living harmoniously
2	joined in song
2	in song
4	The most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of Sergio Leone 's flawed but staggering Once Upon a Time in America .
4	The most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of Sergio Leone
4	The most brilliant work
3	most brilliant work
4	most brilliant
2	in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of Sergio Leone
2	this genre since the 1984 uncut version of Sergio Leone
2	this genre
2	since the 1984 uncut version of Sergio Leone
2	the 1984 uncut version of Sergio Leone
2	the 1984 uncut version
2	1984 uncut version
2	uncut version
2	of Sergio Leone
2	Sergio Leone
2	's flawed but staggering Once Upon a Time in America .
2	's flawed but staggering Once Upon a Time in America
2	's flawed but staggering
2	flawed but staggering
1	flawed but
2	Once Upon a Time in America
2	Upon a Time in America
2	a Time in America
2	a Time
2	in America
3	It looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .
2	looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .
3	looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships
3	looks closely , insightfully
2	looks closely ,
2	looks closely
2	at fragile , complex relationships
2	fragile , complex relationships
2	, complex relationships
2	complex relationships
2	Not a bad choice here , assuming that ... the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly .
3	Not a bad choice here
3	Not a bad choice
2	a bad choice
0	bad choice
1	, assuming that ... the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly .
2	assuming that ... the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly .
1	assuming that ... the air-conditioning in the theater
2	that ... the air-conditioning in the theater
2	that ...
2	the air-conditioning in the theater
2	the air-conditioning
2	in the theater
2	the theater
3	is working properly .
3	is working properly
3	working properly
3	A fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending .
4	A fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending
3	A fine effort ,
4	A fine effort
4	fine effort
3	an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending
3	an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and
3	an interesting topic , some intriguing characters
3	an interesting topic ,
3	an interesting topic
3	interesting topic
3	some intriguing characters
3	intriguing characters
2	a sad ending
1	sad ending
3	Certainly the big finish was n't something Galinsky and Hawley could have planned for ... but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .
2	Certainly the big finish was n't something Galinsky and Hawley could have planned for ... but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps
2	Certainly the big finish was n't something Galinsky and Hawley could have planned for ...
2	Certainly the big finish was n't something Galinsky and Hawley could have planned for
2	the big finish was n't something Galinsky and Hawley could have planned for
2	the big finish
2	big finish
2	was n't something Galinsky and Hawley could have planned for
2	was n't
2	something Galinsky and Hawley could have planned for
2	Galinsky and Hawley could have planned for
2	Galinsky and Hawley
2	Galinsky and
2	could have planned for
2	have planned for
2	planned for
2	but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps
2	part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps
3	part of being a good documentarian
3	of being a good documentarian
3	being a good documentarian
3	a good documentarian
3	good documentarian
2	is being there when the rope snaps
2	being there when the rope snaps
2	there when the rope snaps
2	when the rope snaps
1	the rope snaps
2	the rope
3	It must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring Wesley Snipes .
3	It must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring Wesley Snipes
1	It must be the end of the world :
2	It must be the end of the world
1	must be the end of the world
3	be the end of the world
1	the end of the world
2	the end
2	of the world
2	the world
4	the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring Wesley Snipes
4	the best film
4	best film
2	so far this year is a franchise sequel starring Wesley Snipes
2	so far
3	this year is a franchise sequel starring Wesley Snipes
2	this year
2	is a franchise sequel starring Wesley Snipes
2	a franchise sequel starring Wesley Snipes
2	a franchise sequel
2	franchise sequel
2	starring Wesley Snipes
2	Wesley Snipes
3	There are moments of hilarity to be had .
3	are moments of hilarity to be had .
3	are moments of hilarity to be had
3	moments of hilarity to be had
3	moments of hilarity
2	of hilarity
2	to be had
2	be had
3	A hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .
2	A hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life
3	A hypnotic portrait
3	hypnotic portrait
1	of this sad , compulsive life
1	this sad , compulsive life
2	sad , compulsive life
1	, compulsive life
2	compulsive life
3	-LRB- While The Last Metro -RRB- was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while Tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .
3	While The Last Metro -RRB- was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while Tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .
2	While The Last Metro -RRB- was more melodramatic
2	The Last Metro -RRB- was more melodramatic
3	The Last Metro -RRB-
2	Last Metro -RRB-
2	Metro -RRB-
1	was more melodramatic
2	more melodramatic
2	, confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while Tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .
2	confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while Tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .
2	confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while Tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history
2	confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions ,
2	confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions
2	to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions
2	a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions
2	a single theater company and
2	a single theater company
2	single theater company
2	theater company
2	its strategies and deceptions
2	strategies and deceptions
2	strategies and
2	while Tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history
3	Tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history
2	is more concerned with the entire period of history
2	more concerned with the entire period of history
2	concerned with the entire period of history
2	with the entire period of history
2	the entire period of history
2	the entire period
2	entire period
2	of history
4	One of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning .
4	One of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning
4	One of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
4	of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
4	the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
3	the best films
4	best films
4	of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
4	the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
2	the year
4	with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
4	its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
4	its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and
4	its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music ,
4	its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music
4	its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay ,
4	its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay
4	its exquisite acting ,
3	its exquisite acting
4	exquisite acting
3	inventive screenplay
4	mesmerizing music
3	many inimitable scenes
3	inimitable scenes
2	of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning
2	tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning
2	tenderness ,
2	loss , discontent , and yearning
1	, discontent , and yearning
2	discontent , and yearning
2	, and yearning
3	, and
4	Return to Never Land is reliable , standard Disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .
3	Return to Never Land is reliable
2	Return to Never Land
2	to Never Land
2	Never Land
3	is reliable
3	, standard Disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .
2	standard Disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .
2	standard Disney animated
2	Disney animated
3	fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .
3	fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages
3	fare , with enough
2	fare ,
2	with enough
4	creative energy and wit to entertain all ages
4	energy and wit to entertain all ages
3	energy and wit
2	energy and
4	to entertain all ages
3	entertain all ages
2	all ages
4	Michael Moore 's latest documentary about America 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ...
2	Michael Moore 's latest documentary about America 's thirst for violence
2	Michael Moore 's latest documentary
2	Michael Moore 's
2	Moore 's
2	latest documentary
2	about America 's thirst for violence
1	America 's thirst for violence
3	America 's thirst
2	America 's
1	for violence
4	is his best film yet ...
4	is his best film yet
4	is his best film
4	his best film
4	best film
2	Suffice to say that after seeing this movie in IMAX form , you 'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face than his wife is .
2	Suffice to say that after seeing this movie in IMAX form , you 'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face than his wife is
2	to say that after seeing this movie in IMAX form , you 'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face than his wife is
1	say that after seeing this movie in IMAX form , you 'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face than his wife is
2	that after seeing this movie in IMAX form , you 'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face than his wife is
3	after seeing this movie in IMAX form , you 'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face than his wife is
2	after seeing this movie in IMAX form
2	seeing this movie in IMAX form
2	seeing this movie
2	this movie
2	in IMAX form
2	IMAX form
3	, you 'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face than his wife is
2	you 'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face than his wife is
1	'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face than his wife is
2	be more acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face than his wife is
2	more acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face than his wife is
2	more acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face
3	acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face
2	with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face
2	the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face
2	the tiniest details
2	tiniest details
2	of Tom Hanks ' face
2	Tom Hanks ' face
2	Tom Hanks '
2	Hanks '
2	than his wife is
2	his wife is
2	his wife
3	Like a Tarantino movie with heart , Alias Betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
4	Like a Tarantino movie with heart
3	a Tarantino movie with heart
2	a Tarantino movie
2	Tarantino movie
3	with heart
4	, Alias Betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
4	Alias Betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
2	Alias Betty
4	is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
3	is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing
4	richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing
4	richly detailed , deftly executed and
3	richly detailed , deftly executed
3	richly detailed ,
3	richly detailed
4	deftly executed
3	utterly absorbing
4	Marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .
4	Marvelously entertaining and deliriously
3	Marvelously entertaining and
4	Marvelously entertaining
4	joyous documentary .
4	joyous documentary
4	A brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .
3	A brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel
3	brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel
3	brisk , reverent , and subtly different
3	, reverent , and subtly different
3	reverent , and subtly different
2	, and subtly different
2	and subtly different
3	subtly different
4	A movie I loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .
2	A movie
3	I loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .
4	I loved on first sight and , even more important ,
4	I loved on first sight and , even more important
3	loved on first sight and , even more important
2	on first sight and , even more important
2	first sight and , even more important
2	first sight and ,
2	first sight and
2	first sight
3	even more important
2	more important
3	love in remembrance .
4	love in remembrance
3	in remembrance
3	Deserves a place of honor next to Nanook as a landmark in film history .
4	Deserves a place of honor next to Nanook as a landmark in film history
3	Deserves a place of honor next to Nanook
4	Deserves a place of honor
2	a place of honor
2	a place
2	of honor
2	next to Nanook
2	to Nanook
4	as a landmark in film history
4	a landmark in film history
3	a landmark
2	in film history
3	film history
3	Murderous Maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the Papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ...
2	Murderous Maids
3	pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the Papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ...
2	pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the Papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy
2	pulls no punches
2	no punches
2	in its depiction of the lives of the Papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy
2	its depiction of the lives of the Papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy
2	its depiction of the lives of the Papin sister and
2	its depiction of the lives of the Papin sister
2	its depiction
2	of the lives of the Papin sister
2	the lives of the Papin sister
2	the lives
2	of the Papin sister
2	the Papin sister
2	Papin sister
2	the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy
2	the events
3	that led to their notorious rise to infamy
2	led to their notorious rise to infamy
2	led to their notorious rise
2	to their notorious rise
2	their notorious rise
3	notorious rise
1	to infamy
4	This is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground .
3	is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground .
3	is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground
4	an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground
3	an undeniably intriguing film
4	undeniably intriguing film
4	undeniably intriguing
3	from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground
3	an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground
3	an adventurous young talent
4	adventurous young talent
3	young talent
3	who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground
3	finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground
3	finds his inspiration
3	his inspiration
2	on the fringes of the American underground
2	the fringes of the American underground
2	the fringes
2	of the American underground
2	the American underground
2	American underground
2	The Sweetest Thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways .
3	The Sweetest Thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies ,
4	The Sweetest Thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies
3	The Sweetest Thing ,
2	The Sweetest Thing
4	Sweetest Thing
3	a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies
3	a romantic comedy
2	romantic comedy
1	with outrageous tendencies
1	outrageous tendencies
1	may be a mess in a lot of ways .
1	may be a mess in a lot of ways
1	be a mess in a lot of ways
1	a mess in a lot of ways
0	a mess
2	in a lot of ways
2	a lot of ways
2	a lot
2	of ways
3	But it does have one saving grace .
3	it does have one saving grace .
2	does have one saving grace .
2	does have one saving grace
3	have one saving grace
2	one saving grace
3	saving grace
2	A lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman 's point-of-view .
2	A lot of its gags and observations
2	A lot
1	of its gags and observations
1	its gags and observations
2	gags and observations
0	gags and
3	reflect a woman 's point-of-view .
2	reflect a woman 's point-of-view
3	a woman 's point-of-view
2	a woman 's
2	woman 's
3	This is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men .
3	This is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men
2	This is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but
1	This is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure ,
1	This is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure
1	is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure
1	is lightweight filmmaking ,
1	is lightweight filmmaking
1	lightweight filmmaking
2	to be sure
2	be sure
3	it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men
3	's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men
3	pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men
3	pleasant enough -- and
3	pleasant enough --
3	pleasant enough
4	oozing with attractive men
3	with attractive men
3	attractive men
3	At its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
2	At its most basic
2	its most basic
3	most basic
4	, this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
3	this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
2	this cartoon adventure
2	cartoon adventure
4	is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
4	is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating
4	that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating
3	wind-in-the-hair exhilarating
3	Fans of critics ' darling band Wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of I Am Trying to Break Your Heart .
2	Fans of critics ' darling band Wilco
2	of critics ' darling band Wilco
2	critics ' darling band Wilco
2	critics '
3	darling band Wilco
2	band Wilco
3	will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of I Am Trying to Break Your Heart .
2	will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of I Am Trying to Break Your Heart
2	marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of I Am Trying to Break Your Heart
3	marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of I
1	at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of I
1	the sometimes murky , always brooding look of I
2	the sometimes murky , always brooding look
1	sometimes murky , always brooding look
1	sometimes murky
2	, always brooding look
2	always brooding look
1	always brooding
2	of I
2	Am Trying to Break Your Heart
2	Trying to Break Your Heart
2	to Break Your Heart
2	Break Your Heart
2	Your Heart
3	The film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .
2	The film
3	presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .
4	presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet
3	visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet
2	visceral and dangerously honest revelations
2	visceral and dangerously honest
3	visceral and
3	dangerously honest
2	about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet
3	the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet
2	the men and machines
2	men and machines
2	men and
2	behind the curtains of our planet
2	the curtains of our planet
2	the curtains
2	of our planet
2	our planet
3	-LRB- Gosling 's -RRB- combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character .
3	-LRB- Gosling 's -RRB- combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence
2	-LRB- Gosling 's -RRB- combination
2	Gosling 's -RRB- combination
2	Gosling 's
2	-RRB- combination
4	of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence
4	explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence
3	explosive physical energy and
3	explosive physical energy
3	physical energy
4	convincing intelligence
3	helps create a complex , unpredictable character .
3	helps create a complex , unpredictable character
3	create a complex , unpredictable character
2	a complex , unpredictable character
4	complex , unpredictable character
2	, unpredictable character
1	unpredictable character
2	Confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis .
1	Confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis
2	because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis
2	it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis
3	solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis
3	advances a daringly preposterous thesis
1	a daringly preposterous thesis
2	daringly preposterous thesis
2	daringly preposterous
2	Acting can not be acted .
1	can not be acted .
2	can not be acted
2	can not
2	be acted
3	Fulford-Wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .
2	Fulford-Wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen
2	Fulford-Wierzbicki ...
3	deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen
3	deftly captures
3	the wise-beyond-her-years teen
3	wise-beyond-her-years teen
3	A wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .
3	A wild ride
3	wild ride
4	juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .
4	juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films
3	juiced with enough energy and excitement
3	with enough energy and excitement
3	enough energy and excitement
4	energy and excitement
2	energy and
2	for at least three films
3	at least three films
2	at least three
2	at least
4	It 's a cool event for the whole family .
3	's a cool event for the whole family .
3	's a cool event for the whole family
3	a cool event for the whole family
3	a cool event
3	cool event
3	for the whole family
2	the whole family
3	whole family
4	Maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
3	not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
2	not a classic , but a movie the kids
2	not a classic , but a movie
1	not a classic ,
1	not a classic
4	a classic
2	but a movie
2	a movie
2	the kids
4	will want to see over and over again .
4	will want to see over and over again
4	want to see over and over again
3	to see over and over again
3	see over and over again
3	see over and over
2	over and over
2	over and
1	The movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .
2	The movie
2	is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .
1	is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it
1	is not
0	as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it
0	terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it
3	as the synergistic impulse that created it
2	the synergistic impulse that created it
2	the synergistic impulse
2	synergistic impulse
2	that created it
2	created it
2	A typically observant , carefully nuanced and intimate French coming-of-age film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that is too heavy for all that has preceded it .
3	A typically observant , carefully nuanced and intimate French coming-of-age film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that
3	typically observant , carefully nuanced and intimate French coming-of-age film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that
2	typically observant , carefully nuanced and intimate French
3	typically observant , carefully nuanced and
3	typically observant , carefully nuanced
3	typically observant ,
2	typically observant
3	carefully nuanced
2	intimate French
2	coming-of-age film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that
2	film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that
2	that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that
3	is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that
3	is an encouraging debut feature but
3	is an encouraging debut feature
3	an encouraging debut feature
3	encouraging debut feature
2	debut feature
1	has a needlessly downbeat ending that
1	has a needlessly downbeat
1	a needlessly downbeat
2	a needlessly
2	ending that
1	is too heavy for all that has preceded it .
1	is too heavy for all that has preceded it
2	too heavy for all that has preceded it
3	heavy for all that has preceded it
2	for all that has preceded it
2	all that has preceded it
2	that has preceded it
2	has preceded it
2	preceded it
3	Less an examination of neo-Nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself .
3	Less an examination of neo-Nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself
3	Less an examination of neo-Nazism than a probe into the nature of faith
2	Less an examination
2	an examination
2	of neo-Nazism than a probe into the nature of faith
2	neo-Nazism than a probe into the nature of faith
2	than a probe into the nature of faith
2	a probe into the nature of faith
2	a probe
3	into the nature of faith
2	the nature of faith
2	the nature
3	of faith
3	A moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child .
3	A moving and weighty depiction of one family
4	A moving and weighty depiction
3	moving and weighty depiction
3	moving and weighty
2	moving and
2	of one family
2	one family
2	's attempts to heal after the death of a child .
2	's attempts to heal after the death of a child
2	attempts to heal after the death of a child
2	to heal after the death of a child
2	heal after the death of a child
1	after the death of a child
2	the death of a child
1	the death
2	of a child
2	a child
1	I do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version .
1	do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version .
0	do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version
2	do n't
4	think most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version
3	most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version
4	of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version
3	the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version
2	the people
2	who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version
3	loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version
3	the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version
2	the 1989 Paradiso
2	1989 Paradiso
3	will prefer this new version
3	prefer this new version
2	this new version
2	new version
2	But I do .
3	I do .
2	do .
4	A zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded Elvis fans -LRB- but by no means all -RRB- will have fun with .
3	A zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded Elvis fans -LRB- but by no means all -RRB-
4	A zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded Elvis fans
2	A zinger-filled crowd-pleaser
3	zinger-filled crowd-pleaser
2	that open-minded Elvis fans
2	open-minded Elvis fans
2	Elvis fans
2	-LRB- but by no means all -RRB-
2	but by no means all -RRB-
2	by no means all -RRB-
2	by no
2	means all -RRB-
2	means all
2	will have fun with .
3	will have fun with
2	have fun with
3	have fun
4	Diggs and Lathan are among the chief reasons Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .
2	Diggs and Lathan
2	Diggs and
4	are among the chief reasons Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .
4	are among the chief reasons Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film
3	among the chief reasons Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film
4	the chief reasons Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film
2	the chief reasons
2	chief reasons
4	Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film
2	Brown Sugar
4	is such a sweet and sexy film
2	is such
3	a sweet and sexy film
3	sweet and sexy film
3	sweet and sexy
3	sweet and
4	Entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare I say , entertaining !
4	Entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ...
4	Entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately
4	Entirely suspenseful , extremely
3	Entirely suspenseful ,
3	Entirely suspenseful
3	well-paced and ultimately
4	well-paced and
3	dare I say , entertaining !
3	dare I say , entertaining
4	I say , entertaining
2	say , entertaining
2	say ,
4	The riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make Love a joy to behold .
4	The riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast
3	The riveting performances
4	riveting performances
3	by the incredibly flexible cast
3	the incredibly flexible cast
4	incredibly flexible cast
3	incredibly flexible
4	make Love a joy to behold .
2	make Love a joy to behold
3	Love a joy to behold
3	Love a joy
4	a joy
2	to behold
3	Terrific as Nadia , a Russian mail-order bride who comes to America speaking not a word of English , it 's Kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
4	Terrific as Nadia , a Russian mail-order bride who comes to America speaking not a word of English
2	as Nadia , a Russian mail-order bride who comes to America speaking not a word of English
2	Nadia , a Russian mail-order bride who comes to America speaking not a word of English
2	Nadia ,
2	a Russian mail-order bride who comes to America speaking not a word of English
2	a Russian mail-order bride
2	Russian mail-order bride
2	mail-order bride
1	who comes to America speaking not a word of English
2	comes to America speaking not a word of English
2	to America speaking not a word of English
2	America speaking not a word of English
2	speaking not a word of English
1	not a word of English
2	not a word
2	a word
2	of English
4	, it 's Kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
3	it 's Kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
4	's Kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
3	's Kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers
3	Kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers
3	who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers
4	holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers
3	holds the film
2	the film
3	together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers
2	with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers
3	a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers
3	a supremely kittenish performance
2	supremely kittenish performance
3	supremely kittenish
2	that gradually accumulates more layers
3	gradually accumulates more layers
2	accumulates more layers
2	more layers
4	With an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor , and a relaxed Firth displays impeccable comic skill .
3	With an unflappable air of decadent urbanity
2	an unflappable air of decadent urbanity
2	an unflappable air
3	unflappable air
2	of decadent urbanity
2	decadent urbanity
4	, Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor , and a relaxed Firth displays impeccable comic skill .
3	Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor , and a relaxed Firth displays impeccable comic skill .
4	Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor , and a relaxed Firth displays impeccable comic skill
3	Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor , and
3	Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor ,
3	Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor
4	remains a perfect Wildean actor
4	a perfect Wildean actor
3	perfect Wildean actor
2	Wildean actor
4	a relaxed Firth displays impeccable comic skill
2	a relaxed Firth
2	relaxed Firth
4	displays impeccable comic skill
3	impeccable comic skill
3	comic skill
3	The re-release of Ron Howard 's Apollo 13 in the IMAX format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .
2	The re-release of Ron Howard 's Apollo 13 in the IMAX format
2	The re-release
2	of Ron Howard 's Apollo 13 in the IMAX format
3	Ron Howard 's Apollo 13 in the IMAX format
2	Ron Howard 's Apollo 13
2	Ron Howard 's
2	Howard 's
2	Apollo 13
2	in the IMAX format
2	the IMAX format
2	IMAX format
4	proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .
3	proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages
2	proves absolutely
4	that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages
4	really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages
3	, really , really good things can come in enormous packages
3	really , really good things can come in enormous packages
3	really , really good things
4	really , really good
4	, really good
4	really good
2	can come in enormous packages
2	come in enormous packages
2	in enormous packages
3	enormous packages
4	Very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
4	well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
4	written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
4	written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience
2	written and directed
2	written and
3	with brutal honesty and respect for its audience
2	brutal honesty and respect for its audience
4	brutal honesty and respect
3	honesty and respect
3	honesty and
2	for its audience
2	its audience
3	Wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .
3	Wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot
3	Wonderful fencing scenes and
4	Wonderful fencing scenes
2	fencing scenes
4	an exciting plot
3	exciting plot
4	make this an eminently engrossing film .
4	make this an eminently engrossing film
4	this an eminently engrossing film
4	an eminently engrossing film
3	eminently engrossing film
3	engrossing film
3	It 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but Bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .
3	It 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but Bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period
2	It 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but
1	It 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep ,
2	It 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep
1	's pretty linear and only makeup-deep
2	pretty linear and only makeup-deep
2	pretty linear and
2	pretty linear
1	only makeup-deep
3	Bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period
3	ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period
2	ties it
3	together with efficiency and an affection for the period
4	with efficiency and an affection for the period
3	efficiency and an affection for the period
3	efficiency and
3	an affection for the period
3	an affection
2	for the period
2	the period
3	A surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of Hollywood 's comic-book adaptations .
3	A surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of Hollywood 's comic-book
3	A surprisingly charming and even witty match
4	surprisingly charming and even witty match
4	surprisingly charming and even witty
3	surprisingly charming and
3	surprisingly charming
3	even witty
3	for the best of Hollywood 's comic-book
3	the best of Hollywood 's comic-book
4	the best
2	of Hollywood 's comic-book
2	Hollywood 's comic-book
2	Hollywood 's
2	adaptations .
4	This is a superior horror flick .
4	is a superior horror flick .
4	is a superior horror flick
3	a superior horror flick
4	superior horror flick
2	horror flick
4	Adaptation is simply brilliant .
4	is simply brilliant .
4	is simply brilliant
2	is simply
3	Smart and alert , Thirteen Conversations About One Thing is a small gem .
3	Smart and alert
3	Smart and
4	, Thirteen Conversations About One Thing is a small gem .
3	Thirteen Conversations About One Thing is a small gem .
2	Thirteen Conversations
4	About One Thing is a small gem .
2	About One Thing
2	One Thing
2	is a small gem .
3	is a small gem
2	a small gem
3	small gem
4	The pleasure of Read My Lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .
2	The pleasure of Read My Lips
3	The pleasure
3	of Read My Lips
1	Read My Lips
2	My Lips
3	is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .
3	is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string
2	like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string
3	seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string
3	a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string
2	a series
2	of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string
2	perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string
3	perfect black pearls
2	black pearls
2	clicking together to form a string
2	clicking together
2	to form a string
2	form a string
2	a string
3	We 're drawn in by the dark luster .
2	're drawn in by the dark luster .
3	're drawn in by the dark luster
2	drawn in by the dark luster
2	in by the dark luster
2	by the dark luster
2	the dark luster
2	dark luster
3	A haunting tale of murder and mayhem .
2	A haunting tale of murder and mayhem
3	A haunting tale
3	haunting tale
2	of murder and mayhem
1	murder and mayhem
2	murder and
3	I love the opening scenes of a wintry New York City in 1899 .
3	love the opening scenes of a wintry New York City in 1899 .
3	love the opening scenes of a wintry New York City in 1899
2	the opening scenes of a wintry New York City in 1899
2	the opening scenes of a wintry New York City
2	the opening scenes
2	opening scenes
2	of a wintry New York City
2	a wintry New York City
2	wintry New York City
2	New York City
2	York City
2	in 1899
3	Cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .
4	Cinematic poetry
2	showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .
3	showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything
3	showcases the city 's old-world charm
3	the city 's old-world charm
2	the city 's
2	city 's
3	old-world charm
2	before machines change nearly everything
2	machines change nearly everything
2	change nearly everything
2	nearly everything
4	It 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
4	's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
3	's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
4	hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
3	to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
3	imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
4	anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
3	managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
4	to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
4	steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
2	steal a movie
2	a movie
3	not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
2	not only
4	from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
3	from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also
3	from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal
3	charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal
3	rising star Jake Gyllenhaal
2	star Jake Gyllenhaal
2	Jake Gyllenhaal
2	but also
3	from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
4	accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
3	accomplished Oscar winners
3	Oscar winners
4	Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
3	Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter ,
2	Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter
2	Susan Sarandon ,
3	Susan Sarandon
2	Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter
2	Dustin Hoffman and
2	Dustin Hoffman
2	Holly Hunter
3	yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
3	newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
3	Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
2	Ellen Pompeo
3	pulls off the feat with aplomb
2	pulls off
3	the feat with aplomb
2	the feat
3	with aplomb
4	One of the best rock documentaries ever .
4	One of the best rock
3	of the best rock
3	the best rock
3	best rock
2	documentaries ever .
2	documentaries ever
4	Wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
4	is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
4	is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many
4	a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many
2	a phenomenal band
3	phenomenal band
4	with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many
4	such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many
4	such an engrossing story
3	an engrossing story
4	engrossing story
3	that will capture the minds and hearts of many
3	will capture the minds and hearts of many
4	capture the minds and hearts of many
3	the minds and hearts of many
3	the minds and hearts
2	minds and hearts
2	minds and
2	of many
3	Ian Holm conquers France as an earthy Napoleon
2	Ian Holm
2	conquers France as an earthy Napoleon
2	France as an earthy Napoleon
2	as an earthy Napoleon
2	an earthy Napoleon
2	earthy Napoleon
1	Offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in .
1	Offers big , fat , dumb
1	big , fat , dumb
1	, fat , dumb
0	fat , dumb
0	, dumb
2	laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in .
3	laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in
1	that may make you hate yourself for giving in
2	may make you hate yourself for giving in
2	make you hate yourself for giving in
2	you hate yourself for giving in
1	hate yourself for giving in
0	hate yourself
2	for giving in
2	giving in
2	Ah , what the hell .
1	, what the hell .
1	what the hell .
1	what the hell
1	the hell
3	-LRB- Sports -RRB- admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency .
3	-LRB- Sports -RRB- admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency
2	-LRB- Sports -RRB-
2	Sports -RRB-
3	admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency
4	admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and
4	admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations
3	admirable energy ,
3	admirable energy
3	full-bodied characterizations
2	narrative urgency
2	A portrait of an artist .
2	A portrait of an artist
2	A portrait
2	of an artist
2	an artist
4	Directors Brett Morgen and Nanette Burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .
2	Directors Brett Morgen and Nanette Burstein
2	Brett Morgen and Nanette Burstein
3	Morgen and Nanette Burstein
2	and Nanette Burstein
2	Nanette Burstein
4	have put together a bold biographical fantasia .
3	have put together a bold biographical fantasia
3	put together a bold biographical fantasia
2	put together
3	a bold biographical fantasia
3	bold biographical fantasia
3	biographical fantasia
3	The subtitled costume drama is set in a remote African empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .
3	The subtitled costume drama is set in a remote African empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow
2	The subtitled costume drama is set in a remote African empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but
2	The subtitled costume drama is set in a remote African empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine ,
3	The subtitled costume drama is set in a remote African empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine
2	The subtitled costume drama
2	subtitled costume drama
2	costume drama
2	is set in a remote African empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine
3	set in a remote African empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine
2	set in a remote African empire
2	in a remote African empire
2	a remote African empire
2	remote African empire
2	African empire
2	before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine
1	cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine
3	cell phones , guns , and
2	cell phones , guns ,
2	cell phones , guns
2	cell phones ,
2	cell phones
2	the internal combustion engine
2	internal combustion engine
2	combustion engine
3	the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow
2	the politics that thump through it
2	the politics
2	that thump through it
2	thump through it
2	through it
3	are as timely as tomorrow
3	as timely as tomorrow
2	timely as tomorrow
2	as tomorrow
4	A tremendous piece of work .
4	A tremendous piece of work
4	A tremendous piece
3	tremendous piece
2	of work
4	A delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .
3	A delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie
3	A delightful , if minor , pastry
3	delightful , if minor , pastry
3	delightful , if minor ,
2	, if minor ,
2	if minor ,
2	minor ,
2	of a movie
2	a movie
3	While obviously aimed at kids , The Country Bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .
2	While obviously aimed at kids
2	obviously aimed at kids
2	aimed at kids
2	at kids
3	, The Country Bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .
2	The Country Bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .
2	The Country
3	Bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .
3	Bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio
2	Bears ... should keep parents
2	Bears ...
2	should keep parents
2	keep parents
3	amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio
2	with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio
1	its low groan-to-guffaw ratio
2	low groan-to-guffaw ratio
2	groan-to-guffaw ratio
4	LaBute masterfully balances both Traditional or Modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .
3	LaBute masterfully
3	balances both Traditional or Modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .
4	balances both Traditional or Modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other
3	balances both Traditional or Modern stories together in a manner
3	balances both Traditional or Modern stories together
3	balances both Traditional or Modern stories
2	both Traditional or Modern stories
2	Traditional or Modern stories
2	or Modern stories
2	Modern stories
2	in a manner
2	a manner
2	that one never overwhelms the other
3	one never overwhelms the other
2	never overwhelms the other
2	overwhelms the other
2	the other
3	Something for everyone .
4	Something for everyone
3	for everyone
4	Irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .
3	is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .
3	is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs
2	is so earnest
2	so earnest
3	that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs
2	it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs
3	's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs
3	hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs
2	to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs
3	resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs
1	resist his pleas to spare wildlife and
2	resist his pleas to spare wildlife
1	resist his pleas
1	his pleas
3	to spare wildlife
3	spare wildlife
2	respect their environs
2	their environs
2	There are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy .
3	are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy .
1	are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy
1	are far worse
1	far worse
1	messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy
3	to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy
2	teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy
1	a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy
2	a young audience ,
2	a young audience
2	young audience
3	which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy
3	will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy
3	will probably
2	be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy
3	perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy
2	happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy
0	with the sloppy slapstick comedy
2	the sloppy slapstick comedy
2	sloppy slapstick comedy
2	slapstick comedy
3	Leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing .
4	succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing .
3	succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing
4	in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing
2	delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing
3	delivering a dramatic slap
1	a dramatic slap
2	dramatic slap
3	in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing
2	the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing
2	the face
3	that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing
3	's simultaneously painful and refreshing
2	's simultaneously
3	painful and refreshing
1	painful and
3	Not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .
3	Not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense
2	Not about scares
2	about scares
3	but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense
3	a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense
2	a mood
3	in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense
2	in which
2	an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense
2	an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat
2	ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat
2	, pervasive , and unknown threat
2	pervasive , and unknown threat
2	pervasive , and unknown
2	, and unknown
3	, and
3	lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense
1	lurks just below the proceedings and
2	lurks just below the proceedings
2	lurks just
2	below the proceedings
2	the proceedings
3	adds an almost constant mindset of suspense
3	an almost constant mindset of suspense
2	an almost constant mindset
2	almost constant mindset
2	almost constant
2	of suspense
3	` Film aficionados can not help but love Cinema Paradiso , whether the original version or new Director 's Cut . '
3	Film aficionados can not help but love Cinema Paradiso , whether the original version or new Director 's Cut . '
2	Film aficionados
4	can not help but love Cinema Paradiso , whether the original version or new Director 's Cut . '
3	can not help but love Cinema Paradiso , whether the original version or new Director 's Cut .
4	can not help but love Cinema Paradiso , whether the original version or new Director 's Cut
2	can not help but
2	can not help
2	can not
4	love Cinema Paradiso , whether the original version or new Director 's Cut
2	Cinema Paradiso , whether the original version or new Director 's Cut
2	Cinema Paradiso , whether the original version or
2	Cinema Paradiso , whether the original version
2	Cinema Paradiso ,
2	Cinema Paradiso
2	whether the original version
2	the original version
2	original version
2	new Director 's Cut
2	new Director 's
2	Director 's
4	A fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists .
3	A fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists
4	A fascinating glimpse
3	fascinating glimpse
3	into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists
2	an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists
2	an insular world
2	insular world
2	that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists
3	gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists
1	gives the lie to many clichés and
1	gives the lie to many clichés
1	gives the lie
2	the lie
1	to many clichés
1	many clichés
3	showcases a group of dedicated artists
3	a group of dedicated artists
2	a group
3	of dedicated artists
3	dedicated artists
1	It 's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads .
2	's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads .
2	's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads
2	one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads
2	one thing to read about or
2	one thing to read about
2	one thing
2	to read about
2	read about
2	rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads
2	against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads
2	the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads
2	the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project
2	ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project
3	ongoing - and unprecedented -
2	ongoing - and unprecedented
2	ongoing - and
2	ongoing -
2	construction project
2	going on over our heads
2	going on
2	over our heads
2	our heads
2	It 's quite another to feel physically caught up in the process .
2	's quite another to feel physically caught up in the process .
2	's quite another to feel physically caught up in the process
2	's quite another
2	quite another
2	to feel physically caught up in the process
2	feel physically caught up in the process
3	physically caught up in the process
2	caught up in the process
2	caught up
2	in the process
2	the process
3	Contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .
3	everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .
2	everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays
2	we 've come to expect from movies nowadays
2	've come to expect from movies nowadays
2	come to expect from movies nowadays
2	to expect from movies nowadays
2	expect from movies nowadays
1	expect from movies
2	from movies
3	Instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , Secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .
3	Instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way
2	of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way
2	simply handling conventional material in a conventional way
2	handling conventional material in a conventional way
2	handling conventional material
2	conventional material
2	in a conventional way
2	a conventional way
2	conventional way
3	, Secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .
3	Secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .
2	takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .
2	takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way
2	takes the most unexpected material and
3	takes the most unexpected material
2	the most unexpected material
2	most unexpected material
2	most unexpected
3	handles it in the most unexpected way
2	handles it
2	in the most unexpected way
2	the most unexpected way
2	most unexpected way
2	most unexpected
4	Could I have been more geeked when I heard that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format ?
4	Could I have been more geeked when I heard that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format
2	Could I
2	have been more geeked when I heard that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format
4	been more geeked when I heard that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format
2	more geeked when I heard that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format
2	more geeked
2	when I heard that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format
3	I heard that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format
2	heard that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format
2	that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format
2	Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format
2	Apollo 13
2	was going to be released in IMAX format
2	going to be released in IMAX format
3	to be released in IMAX format
2	be released in IMAX format
3	released in IMAX format
2	in IMAX format
2	IMAX format
2	In a word : No. .
2	In a word
2	a word
2	: No. .
1	No. .
3	Murderous Maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by Testud ... and Parmentier .
2	Murderous Maids
4	has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by Testud ... and Parmentier .
4	has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by Testud ... and Parmentier
4	a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by Testud ... and Parmentier
3	a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by Testud ... and
4	a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by Testud ...
2	a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by Testud
2	a lot
3	going for it , not least the brilliant performances by Testud
2	going for it , not least
2	for it , not least
2	it , not least
2	it ,
2	not least
4	the brilliant performances by Testud
4	the brilliant performances
4	brilliant performances
2	by Testud
3	Filmmaker Stacy Peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .
2	Filmmaker Stacy Peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it
1	Filmmaker Stacy Peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration , but
2	Filmmaker Stacy Peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration ,
1	Filmmaker Stacy Peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration
2	Filmmaker Stacy Peralta
2	Stacy Peralta
2	has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration
1	a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration
3	a flashy editing style
3	flashy editing style
2	editing style
2	that does n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration
1	does n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration
2	does n't always
1	does n't
1	jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration
1	with Sean Penn 's monotone narration
2	Sean Penn 's monotone narration
2	Sean Penn 's
2	Penn 's
1	monotone narration
3	he respects the material without sentimentalizing it
3	respects the material without sentimentalizing it
3	respects the material
2	the material
2	without sentimentalizing it
3	sentimentalizing it
3	There are a couple of things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall .
2	are a couple of things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall .
4	are a couple of things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall
3	a couple of things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall
2	a couple
3	of things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall
4	things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall
3	things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably
3	things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk ,
3	things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk
3	that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk
3	elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk
3	elevate `` Glory ''
2	`` Glory ''
2	Glory ''
4	above most of its ilk
1	most of its ilk
2	of its ilk
2	its ilk
2	most notably
2	the mere presence of Duvall
2	the mere presence
2	mere presence
2	of Duvall
3	It 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet I found it weirdly appealing .
3	It 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet I found it weirdly appealing
2	It 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior --
1	It 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior
2	It 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and
3	It 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness ,
1	It 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness
2	's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness
2	light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness
2	light on the chills and
2	light on the chills
2	on the chills
1	the chills
1	heavy on the atmospheric weirdness
2	on the atmospheric weirdness
2	the atmospheric weirdness
3	atmospheric weirdness
2	there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior
2	are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior
3	moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior
2	of jaw-droppingly odd behavior
2	jaw-droppingly odd behavior
2	odd behavior
3	yet I found it weirdly appealing
3	I found it weirdly appealing
3	found it weirdly appealing
3	it weirdly appealing
3	weirdly appealing
3	-LRB- Rises -RRB- above its oh-so-Hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism .
3	-LRB- Rises -RRB- above its oh-so-Hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
2	-LRB- Rises -RRB-
3	Rises -RRB-
4	above its oh-so-Hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
3	its oh-so-Hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
1	its oh-so-Hollywood rejiggering and
3	its oh-so-Hollywood rejiggering
2	oh-so-Hollywood rejiggering
2	its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
3	conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
3	direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
3	to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
4	give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
2	give the film
2	the film
4	a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
3	a soul and
2	a soul
3	an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
2	an unabashed sense
2	unabashed sense
3	of good old-fashioned escapism
2	good old-fashioned escapism
2	old-fashioned escapism
3	A breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .
3	A breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy
3	A breezy blend
3	breezy blend
2	of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy
2	art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy
2	, history , esoteric musings and philosophy
2	history , esoteric musings and philosophy
2	, esoteric musings and philosophy
2	esoteric musings and philosophy
2	musings and philosophy
2	musings and
4	Kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor .
3	Kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor
3	Kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and
4	Kids will love its fantasy and adventure ,
3	Kids will love its fantasy and adventure
3	will love its fantasy and adventure
3	love its fantasy and adventure
2	its fantasy and adventure
3	fantasy and adventure
2	fantasy and
3	grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor
4	should appreciate its whimsical humor
2	appreciate its whimsical humor
3	its whimsical humor
4	whimsical humor
2	Tsai Ming-liang 's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being .
2	Tsai Ming-liang 's ghosts
2	Tsai Ming-liang 's
2	Ming-liang 's
2	are painfully aware of their not-being .
1	are painfully aware of their not-being
1	painfully aware of their not-being
2	aware of their not-being
2	of their not-being
2	their not-being
4	Leaping from one arresting image to another , Songs from the Second Floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
3	Leaping from one arresting image to another
3	from one arresting image to another
2	one arresting image to another
3	one arresting image
3	arresting image
2	to another
3	, Songs from the Second Floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
3	Songs from the Second Floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
2	Songs from the Second Floor
2	from the Second Floor
2	the Second Floor
2	Second Floor
4	has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
3	has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time
3	has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so
3	has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and
3	has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream
3	all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream
3	all the enjoyable randomness
2	the enjoyable randomness
3	enjoyable randomness
3	of a very lively dream
3	a very lively dream
3	very lively dream
3	lively dream
4	manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time
3	to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time
3	be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time
3	be compelling , amusing and unsettling
3	compelling , amusing and unsettling
3	, amusing and unsettling
4	amusing and unsettling
4	amusing and
2	at the same time
2	the same time
2	same time
2	Sean Penn , you owe Nicolas Cage an apology .
2	Sean Penn
2	, you owe Nicolas Cage an apology .
1	you owe Nicolas Cage an apology .
1	owe Nicolas Cage an apology .
2	owe Nicolas Cage an apology
2	owe Nicolas Cage
2	Nicolas Cage
2	an apology
3	The performances are uniformly good .
2	The performances
3	are uniformly good .
3	are uniformly good
3	uniformly good
3	She 's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her Bjorkness .
3	's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her Bjorkness .
3	's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her Bjorkness
3	all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her Bjorkness
3	all-powerful ,
2	a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her Bjorkness
3	a voice for a pop-cyber culture
2	a voice
2	for a pop-cyber culture
2	a pop-cyber culture
2	pop-cyber culture
2	that feeds on her Bjorkness
2	feeds on her Bjorkness
2	on her Bjorkness
2	her Bjorkness
4	It 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
4	's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
3	's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
3	a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
3	a perfect show
4	perfect show
3	of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
3	respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
2	to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
3	just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
2	just one
3	of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
3	those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
2	those underrated professionals
3	underrated professionals
3	who deserve but rarely receive it
1	deserve but rarely receive it
2	deserve but
2	rarely receive it
2	receive it
2	For all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , Blood Work is a strong , character-oriented piece .
2	For all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down
2	all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down
2	all its plot twists , and
2	all its plot twists ,
2	all its plot twists
3	its plot twists
2	plot twists
2	some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down
1	of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down
2	them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down
2	them verge
2	on the bizarre as the film winds down
2	the bizarre as the film winds down
2	the bizarre as the film winds
2	bizarre as the film winds
2	bizarre as the film
2	as the film
2	the film
4	, Blood Work is a strong , character-oriented piece .
4	Blood Work is a strong , character-oriented piece .
2	Blood Work
3	is a strong , character-oriented piece .
4	is a strong , character-oriented piece
4	a strong , character-oriented piece
3	strong , character-oriented piece
3	, character-oriented piece
3	character-oriented piece
3	The story line may be 127 years old , but El Crimen del Padre Amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the Catholic establishment .
4	The story line may be 127 years old , but El Crimen del Padre Amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the Catholic establishment
2	The story line may be 127 years old , but
2	The story line may be 127 years old ,
2	The story line may be 127 years old
2	The story line
2	story line
2	may be 127 years old
2	be 127 years old
2	127 years old
2	127 years
2	El Crimen del Padre Amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the Catholic establishment
2	El Crimen del Padre Amaro
2	El Crimen
2	del Padre Amaro
2	Padre Amaro
2	... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the Catholic establishment
3	could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the Catholic establishment
1	could n't
2	be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the Catholic establishment
1	be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption
3	more timely in its despairing vision of corruption
2	timely in its despairing vision of corruption
2	in its despairing vision of corruption
2	its despairing vision of corruption
2	its despairing vision
2	despairing vision
2	of corruption
2	within the Catholic establishment
2	the Catholic establishment
2	Catholic establishment
3	This in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .
3	This in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry
2	This in-depth study
2	in-depth study
3	of important developments of the computer industry
2	important developments of the computer industry
2	important developments
2	of the computer industry
2	the computer industry
2	computer industry
3	should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .
4	should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come
3	make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come
3	it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come
3	required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come
4	viewing in university computer science departments for years to come
2	viewing in university computer science departments for years
2	in university computer science departments for years
2	university computer science departments for years
2	university computer science departments
2	computer science departments
2	science departments
2	for years
2	to come
3	It shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
3	shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
3	shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
3	us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
2	a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
2	a slice
2	of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
3	life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
3	that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
3	's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
3	very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
2	very different from our own and
2	very different from our own
2	different from our own
2	from our own
2	our own
2	yet instantly recognizable
2	instantly recognizable
3	A wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .
3	A wonderfully speculative character
4	wonderfully speculative character
4	wonderfully speculative
3	study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .
3	study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture
3	that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture
2	made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture
3	made up for its rather slow beginning
2	made up
1	for its rather slow beginning
1	its rather slow beginning
1	rather slow beginning
1	rather slow
3	by drawing me into the picture
2	drawing me into the picture
2	drawing me
2	into the picture
2	the picture
2	Has its share of arresting images .
3	Has its share of arresting images
2	its share of arresting images
2	its share
2	of arresting images
2	arresting images
4	Leave it to John Sayles to take on developers , the Chamber of Commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute .
4	Leave it to John Sayles to take on developers , the Chamber of Commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute
2	Leave it to John Sayles to take on developers , the Chamber of Commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and
3	Leave it to John Sayles to take on developers , the Chamber of Commerce , tourism , historical pageants ,
2	Leave it to John Sayles
1	Leave it
2	to John Sayles
2	John Sayles
2	to take on developers , the Chamber of Commerce , tourism , historical pageants ,
2	take on developers , the Chamber of Commerce , tourism , historical pageants ,
2	on developers , the Chamber of Commerce , tourism , historical pageants ,
2	developers , the Chamber of Commerce , tourism , historical pageants ,
2	developers ,
2	the Chamber of Commerce , tourism , historical pageants ,
2	the Chamber
2	of Commerce , tourism , historical pageants ,
2	Commerce , tourism , historical pageants ,
2	Commerce , tourism , historical pageants
2	Commerce ,
2	tourism , historical pageants
2	tourism ,
2	historical pageants
3	commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute
2	commercialism all in the same movie ...
1	commercialism all in the same movie
2	all in the same movie
2	in the same movie
2	the same movie
2	same movie
3	without neglecting character development for even one minute
2	neglecting character development for even one minute
0	neglecting character development
2	character development
2	for even one minute
2	even one minute
2	one minute
3	Reign of Fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .
2	Reign of Fire
2	of Fire
4	just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .
4	might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .
4	might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies
4	go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies
2	go down
4	as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies
4	one of the all-time great apocalypse movies
3	of the all-time great apocalypse movies
4	the all-time great apocalypse movies
4	all-time great apocalypse movies
2	great apocalypse movies
2	apocalypse movies
3	A smart little indie .
3	smart little indie .
2	little indie .
3	indie .
4	Payne has created a beautiful canvas , and Nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business .
4	Payne has created a beautiful canvas , and Nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business
3	Payne has created a beautiful canvas , and
3	Payne has created a beautiful canvas ,
4	Payne has created a beautiful canvas
4	has created a beautiful canvas
3	created a beautiful canvas
4	a beautiful canvas
3	beautiful canvas
3	Nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business
4	proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business
4	once again that he 's the best brush in the business
2	once again
3	that he 's the best brush in the business
4	he 's the best brush in the business
2	's the best brush in the business
3	the best brush in the business
3	the best brush
3	best brush
3	in the business
2	the business
3	Try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson , this movie will worm its way there .
3	Try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson
3	as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson
3	you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson
3	might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson
2	might to resist ,
1	might to resist
2	to resist
2	if you 've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson
3	you 've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson
2	've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson
3	got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson
3	got a place in your heart
3	a place in your heart
2	a place
3	in your heart
2	your heart
2	for Smokey Robinson
2	Smokey Robinson
2	, this movie will worm its way there .
2	this movie will worm its way there .
2	this movie
2	will worm its way there .
3	will worm its way there
2	worm its way there
2	worm its way
2	its way
3	A riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban Hades .
3	A riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban Hades
3	A riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey
4	A riveting profile
3	riveting profile
1	of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey
1	law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey
2	law enforcement , and
2	law enforcement ,
2	law enforcement
2	a visceral , nasty journey
1	visceral , nasty journey
1	, nasty journey
1	nasty journey
1	into an urban Hades
2	an urban Hades
2	urban Hades
0	Director Douglas McGrath takes on Nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .
3	Director Douglas McGrath
2	Douglas McGrath
2	takes on Nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .
1	takes on Nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading
3	takes on Nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving
2	on Nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving
1	Nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving
2	with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving
2	all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving
1	all the halfhearted zeal
2	the halfhearted zeal
2	halfhearted zeal
2	of an 8th grade boy delving
2	an 8th grade boy delving
2	8th grade boy delving
2	grade boy delving
2	boy delving
2	into required reading
2	required reading
3	Stands as a document of what it felt like to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11 .
2	Stands as a document of what it felt like to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11
2	as a document of what it felt like to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11
3	a document of what it felt like to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11
2	a document
2	of what it felt like to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11
2	what it felt like to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11
3	it felt like to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11
3	felt like to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11
3	like to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11
2	to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11
2	to be a New Yorker -- or , really ,
2	to be a New Yorker -- or , really
2	to be a New Yorker -- or ,
2	to be a New Yorker -- or
2	to be a New Yorker --
3	to be a New Yorker
2	be a New Yorker
2	a New Yorker
2	New Yorker
2	to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11
2	be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11
2	be a human being --
2	be a human being
2	a human being
2	human being
2	in the weeks after 9\/11
2	the weeks after 9\/11
2	the weeks
2	after 9\/11
3	I am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from TV shows , but Hey Arnold !
3	am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from TV shows , but Hey Arnold !
2	am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from TV shows , but Hey Arnold
2	am not
2	generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from TV shows , but Hey Arnold
3	generally a huge fan
3	a huge fan
4	huge fan
2	of cartoons derived from TV shows , but Hey Arnold
2	cartoons derived from TV shows , but Hey Arnold
2	derived from TV shows , but Hey Arnold
2	from TV shows , but Hey Arnold
2	TV shows , but Hey Arnold
2	TV shows , but
2	TV shows ,
2	TV shows
2	Hey Arnold
3	The Movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .
2	The Movie
4	is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .
3	is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance
4	is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough
3	clever , offbeat and even gritty enough
3	clever , offbeat and
3	clever , offbeat
4	clever ,
3	even gritty enough
3	gritty enough
3	to overcome my resistance
2	overcome my resistance
2	my resistance
2	With not a lot of help from the screenplay -LRB- proficient , but singularly cursory -RRB- , -LRB- Testud -RRB- acts with the feral intensity of the young Bette Davis .
2	With not a lot of help from the screenplay -LRB- proficient , but singularly cursory -RRB-
2	not a lot of help from the screenplay -LRB- proficient , but singularly cursory -RRB-
2	not a lot
2	a lot
3	of help from the screenplay -LRB- proficient , but singularly cursory -RRB-
3	help from the screenplay -LRB- proficient , but singularly cursory -RRB-
2	from the screenplay -LRB- proficient , but singularly cursory -RRB-
2	from the screenplay
2	the screenplay
2	-LRB- proficient , but singularly cursory -RRB-
2	proficient , but singularly cursory -RRB-
2	proficient , but singularly cursory
2	proficient , but
4	proficient ,
2	singularly cursory
3	, -LRB- Testud -RRB- acts with the feral intensity of the young Bette Davis .
2	-LRB- Testud -RRB- acts with the feral intensity of the young Bette Davis .
2	-LRB- Testud -RRB-
2	Testud -RRB-
3	acts with the feral intensity of the young Bette Davis .
3	acts with the feral intensity of the young Bette Davis
3	with the feral intensity of the young Bette Davis
3	the feral intensity of the young Bette Davis
3	the feral intensity
3	feral intensity
2	of the young Bette Davis
2	the young Bette Davis
2	young Bette Davis
2	Bette Davis
3	It 's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics .
3	's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics .
4	's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
4	a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
2	a film
4	that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
4	's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
4	destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
3	to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
3	to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and ,
3	to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and
3	to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews
3	win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews
3	win a wide summer audience
3	a wide summer audience
2	wide summer audience
3	summer audience
2	through word-of-mouth reviews
2	word-of-mouth reviews
3	not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
2	not far down the line
2	not far down
2	not far
2	the line
3	, to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
4	to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
3	find a place among the studio 's animated classics
2	find a place
2	a place
3	among the studio 's animated classics
2	the studio 's animated classics
2	the studio 's
2	studio 's
2	animated classics
3	Slow and ponderous , but Rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love in the face of political corruption .
3	Slow and ponderous , but Rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love in the face of political corruption
2	Slow and ponderous , but
1	Slow and ponderous ,
2	Slow and ponderous
2	Slow and
4	Rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love in the face of political corruption
2	Rohmer 's drama
2	Rohmer 's
4	builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love in the face of political corruption
4	builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love
2	to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love
3	an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love
3	an intense indoor drama
2	intense indoor drama
3	indoor drama
3	about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love
3	compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love
2	compassion , sacrifice , and
3	compassion , sacrifice ,
2	compassion , sacrifice
3	compassion ,
3	Christian love
2	in the face of political corruption
2	the face of political corruption
2	the face
1	of political corruption
2	political corruption
2	If you 're not totally weirded - out by the notion of cinema as community-therapy spectacle , Quitting hits home with disorienting force .
1	If you 're not totally weirded - out by the notion of cinema as community-therapy spectacle
2	you 're not totally weirded - out by the notion of cinema as community-therapy spectacle
2	're not totally weirded - out by the notion of cinema as community-therapy spectacle
2	're not totally weirded - out by the notion of cinema
2	're not
0	totally weirded - out by the notion of cinema
1	totally weirded -
1	totally weirded
2	out by the notion of cinema
2	by the notion of cinema
2	the notion of cinema
2	the notion
2	of cinema
2	as community-therapy spectacle
2	community-therapy spectacle
3	, Quitting hits home with disorienting force .
3	Quitting hits home with disorienting force .
4	hits home with disorienting force .
3	hits home with disorienting force
3	hits home
1	with disorienting force
1	disorienting force
3	Austin Powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .
2	Austin Powers for the most part
2	Austin Powers
2	for the most part
2	the most part
2	most part
3	is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .
4	is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later
4	is extremely funny ,
4	is extremely funny
4	extremely funny
3	the first part making up for any flaws that come later
2	the first part
2	first part
3	making up for any flaws that come later
2	making up
2	for any flaws that come later
1	any flaws that come later
2	any flaws
2	that come later
2	come later
4	While Tattoo borrows heavily from both Seven and The Silence of the Lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .
2	While Tattoo borrows heavily from both Seven and The Silence of the Lambs
2	Tattoo borrows heavily from both Seven and The Silence of the Lambs
2	borrows heavily from both Seven and The Silence of the Lambs
1	borrows heavily
2	from both Seven and The Silence of the Lambs
2	both Seven and The Silence of the Lambs
2	both Seven and
2	both Seven
2	The Silence of the Lambs
2	The Silence
2	of the Lambs
2	the Lambs
3	, it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .
4	it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .
4	manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .
3	manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in
3	to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in
3	maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in
3	both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in
3	both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters
2	both a level
2	a level
3	of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters
3	sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters
3	intrigue and human-scale characters
2	and human-scale characters
2	human-scale characters
3	that suck the audience in
3	suck the audience in
2	suck the audience
2	the audience
3	Cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .
3	continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .
3	continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio
2	continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch
2	her exploration of the outer limits of raunch
2	her exploration
2	of the outer limits of raunch
1	the outer limits of raunch
2	the outer limits
2	outer limits
2	of raunch
2	with considerable brio
2	considerable brio
4	Elvira fans could hardly ask for more .
3	Elvira fans
4	could hardly ask for more .
3	could hardly ask for more
1	could hardly
2	ask for more
2	for more
2	A canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait of a London sociopath who 's the scariest of sadists .
3	A canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait of a London
3	A canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait
2	canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait
3	canny , derivative , wildly gruesome
2	, derivative , wildly gruesome
3	derivative , wildly gruesome
1	, wildly gruesome
1	wildly gruesome
2	of a London
2	a London
1	sociopath who 's the scariest of sadists .
3	sociopath who 's the scariest of sadists
3	who 's the scariest of sadists
2	's the scariest of sadists
2	the scariest of sadists
2	the scariest
2	of sadists
2	The movie should be credited with remembering his victims .
2	The movie
2	should be credited with remembering his victims .
2	should be credited with remembering his victims
1	be credited with remembering his victims
2	credited with remembering his victims
2	with remembering his victims
2	remembering his victims
1	his victims
4	Fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .
4	Fast-paced and wonderfully edited
3	Fast-paced and
4	wonderfully edited
3	, the film is extremely thorough .
3	the film is extremely thorough .
2	the film
3	is extremely thorough .
3	is extremely thorough
3	extremely thorough
3	A bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale .
4	A bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale
2	A bracing ,
3	A bracing
2	unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale
3	unblinking work
3	that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale
3	serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale
3	as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale
2	a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale
1	a painful elegy and
2	a painful elegy
1	painful elegy
3	sobering cautionary tale
2	cautionary tale
3	Hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a Japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .
2	uses the situation to evoke a Japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .
2	uses the situation to evoke a Japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation
2	the situation to evoke a Japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation
2	situation to evoke a Japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation
2	to evoke a Japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation
2	evoke a Japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation
2	evoke a Japan bustling
3	a Japan bustling
3	Japan bustling
1	atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation
1	an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation
2	an undercurrent
2	of loneliness and isolation
1	loneliness and isolation
2	loneliness and
1	As if trying to grab a lump of Play-Doh , the harder that Liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .
0	As if trying to grab a lump of Play-Doh , the harder that Liman tries to squeeze his story
2	if trying to grab a lump of Play-Doh , the harder that Liman tries to squeeze his story
2	if trying to grab a lump of Play-Doh
2	trying to grab a lump of Play-Doh
2	to grab a lump of Play-Doh
2	grab a lump of Play-Doh
3	a lump of Play-Doh
2	a lump
2	of Play-Doh
2	, the harder that Liman tries to squeeze his story
2	the harder that Liman tries to squeeze his story
2	the harder
2	that Liman tries to squeeze his story
2	that Liman
2	tries to squeeze his story
2	to squeeze his story
2	squeeze his story
2	his story
1	, the more details slip out between his fingers .
2	the more details slip out between his fingers .
2	the more details
2	more details
2	slip out between his fingers .
2	slip out between his fingers
2	slip out
2	between his fingers
2	his fingers
4	My Big Fat Greek Wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
4	My Big Fat Greek Wedding is not only the best date movie of the year
2	My Big Fat Greek Wedding
2	Big Fat Greek Wedding
2	Fat Greek Wedding
2	Greek Wedding
4	is not only the best date movie of the year
2	is not only
1	is not
4	the best date movie of the year
4	the best date movie
4	best date movie
2	date movie
2	of the year
2	the year
3	, it 's also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
4	it 's also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
4	's also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
3	's also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss
4	also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss
4	also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American ,
4	also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American
1	also a -- dare I say it twice --
2	also a
2	-- dare I say it twice --
2	dare I say it twice --
2	dare I say it twice
2	I say it twice
2	say it twice
2	say it
3	delightfully charming -- and totally American
4	delightfully charming -- and
4	delightfully charming --
4	delightfully charming
2	totally American
4	I might add -- slice of comedic bliss
4	might add -- slice of comedic bliss
2	might add --
2	might add
3	slice of comedic bliss
4	of comedic bliss
4	comedic bliss
3	Few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as Nesbitt 's Cooper looks when the bullets stop flying .
4	Few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as Nesbitt 's Cooper looks when the bullets stop flying
3	Few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and
3	Few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury ,
2	Few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury
2	Few films
3	have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury
3	captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury
3	captured the chaos of an urban conflagration
1	the chaos of an urban conflagration
2	the chaos
2	of an urban conflagration
2	an urban conflagration
2	urban conflagration
1	with such fury
3	such fury
3	audience members will leave feeling as shaken as Nesbitt 's Cooper looks when the bullets stop flying
2	audience members
2	will leave feeling as shaken as Nesbitt 's Cooper looks when the bullets stop flying
3	leave feeling as shaken as Nesbitt 's Cooper looks when the bullets stop flying
2	feeling as shaken as Nesbitt 's Cooper looks when the bullets stop flying
2	as shaken as Nesbitt 's Cooper looks when the bullets stop flying
2	shaken as Nesbitt 's Cooper looks when the bullets stop flying
2	shaken as Nesbitt 's Cooper
2	as Nesbitt 's Cooper
2	Nesbitt 's Cooper
2	Nesbitt 's
2	looks when the bullets stop flying
2	when the bullets stop flying
2	the bullets stop flying
2	the bullets
2	stop flying
3	Another love story in 2002 's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
2	Another love story in 2002
2	Another love story
2	love story
2	in 2002
4	's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
4	's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre
4	remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre
4	remarkable procession of sweeping pictures
3	remarkable procession
2	of sweeping pictures
2	sweeping pictures
3	that have reinvigorated the romance genre
3	have reinvigorated the romance genre
4	reinvigorated the romance genre
2	the romance genre
2	romance genre
2	It 's another retelling of Alexandre Dumas ' classic .
2	's another retelling of Alexandre Dumas ' classic .
2	's another retelling of Alexandre Dumas ' classic
2	another retelling of Alexandre Dumas ' classic
2	another retelling
2	of Alexandre Dumas ' classic
2	Alexandre Dumas ' classic
2	Alexandre Dumas '
2	Dumas '
1	Why ?
3	Who knows , but it works under the direction of Kevin Reynolds .
2	Who knows
3	, but it works under the direction of Kevin Reynolds .
3	but it works under the direction of Kevin Reynolds .
3	but it works under the direction of Kevin Reynolds
2	it works under the direction of Kevin Reynolds
2	works under the direction of Kevin Reynolds
2	under the direction of Kevin Reynolds
2	the direction of Kevin Reynolds
2	the direction
2	of Kevin Reynolds
2	Kevin Reynolds
3	-LRB- F -RRB- rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
3	-LRB- F -RRB- rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative
2	-LRB- F -RRB-
2	F -RRB-
4	rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative
4	the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative
2	the performances and
2	the performances
3	the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative
4	cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative
4	cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional
4	cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and
3	cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack
3	to the outstanding soundtrack
3	the outstanding soundtrack
4	outstanding soundtrack
4	, the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
4	the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
2	the film
4	is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
4	is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels
4	blazingly alive and admirable on many levels
3	blazingly alive and admirable
3	alive and admirable
3	alive and
2	on many levels
2	many levels
3	Shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .
4	Shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience
2	Shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but
4	Shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement ,
4	Shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement
3	is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement
3	an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement
2	an action film
2	action film
3	that delivers on the promise of excitement
4	delivers on the promise of excitement
3	on the promise of excitement
3	the promise of excitement
2	the promise
2	of excitement
3	it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience
4	also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience
3	has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience
3	a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience
3	a strong dramatic and emotional pull
3	strong dramatic and emotional pull
3	dramatic and emotional pull
3	dramatic and emotional
2	dramatic and
3	that gradually sneaks up on the audience
3	gradually sneaks up on the audience
2	sneaks up on the audience
2	sneaks up
2	on the audience
2	the audience
4	Provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending .
4	Provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending
4	Provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedies --
4	Provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedies
4	the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedies
3	the kind of ` laugh therapy '
2	the kind
3	of ` laugh therapy '
3	` laugh therapy '
3	laugh therapy '
2	therapy '
2	I need from movie comedies
2	need from movie comedies
2	from movie comedies
2	movie comedies
4	offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending
3	offbeat humor , amusing characters , and
3	offbeat humor , amusing characters ,
4	offbeat humor , amusing characters
2	offbeat humor ,
3	offbeat humor
4	amusing characters
3	a happy ending
3	happy ending
3	After seeing ` Analyze That , ' I feel better already .
2	After seeing ` Analyze That
2	seeing ` Analyze That
2	` Analyze That
2	` Analyze
3	, ' I feel better already .
3	' I feel better already .
3	I feel better already .
3	feel better already .
2	feel better already
2	feel better
3	A penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .
3	A penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination
4	A penetrating , potent exploration
3	penetrating , potent exploration
3	, potent exploration
3	potent exploration
3	of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination
2	sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination
2	, self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination
2	self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination
2	, self-hatred and self-determination
2	self-hatred and self-determination
1	self-hatred and
2	This is n't a retooled genre piece , the tale of a guy and his gun , but an amiably idiosyncratic work .
3	is n't a retooled genre piece , the tale of a guy and his gun , but an amiably idiosyncratic work .
2	is n't a retooled genre piece , the tale of a guy and his gun , but an amiably idiosyncratic work
3	is n't a retooled genre piece , the tale of a guy and his gun ,
2	is n't a retooled genre piece , the tale of a guy and his gun
1	is n't
2	a retooled genre piece , the tale of a guy and his gun
2	a retooled genre piece , the tale of a guy and
2	a retooled genre piece , the tale of a guy
2	a retooled genre piece ,
2	a retooled genre piece
1	retooled genre piece
2	genre piece
2	the tale of a guy
2	the tale
2	of a guy
2	a guy
2	his gun
3	but an amiably idiosyncratic work
3	an amiably idiosyncratic work
3	amiably idiosyncratic work
2	amiably idiosyncratic
4	Overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : God is love .
4	Overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : God is love
4	Overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message :
4	Overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message
4	, it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message
4	it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message
3	's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message
4	a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message
4	a very entertaining , thought-provoking film
3	very entertaining , thought-provoking film
4	very entertaining
4	, thought-provoking film
3	thought-provoking film
2	with a simple message
3	a simple message
3	simple message
2	God is love
2	is love
3	It may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case .
1	It may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case
2	It may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but
0	It may not be a great piece of filmmaking ,
1	It may not be a great piece of filmmaking
1	may not be a great piece of filmmaking
1	may not
4	be a great piece of filmmaking
4	a great piece of filmmaking
4	a great piece
3	great piece
2	of filmmaking
3	its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case
2	its power
3	comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case
2	from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case
3	its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case
2	its soul 's - eye view
2	its soul 's
2	soul 's
2	- eye view
2	eye view
1	of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case
2	how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case
2	well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case
2	well-meaning patronizing
2	masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case
2	masked a social injustice , at least as represented
2	a social injustice , at least as represented
1	a social injustice , at least
2	a social injustice ,
2	a social injustice
1	social injustice
2	at least
2	as represented
2	by this case
2	this case
3	Although mainstream American movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
2	Although mainstream American movies tend to exploit the familiar
1	mainstream American movies tend to exploit the familiar
2	mainstream American movies
2	mainstream American
2	tend to exploit the familiar
2	to exploit the familiar
1	exploit the familiar
2	the familiar
3	, every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
3	every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
3	every once in a while a film
3	once in a while a film
2	once in a while a
2	once in a while
2	in a while
2	a while
3	arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
4	arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel
3	from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel
3	the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel
2	the margin
4	that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel
3	gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel
2	gives viewers
3	a chance to learn , to grow , to travel
3	chance to learn , to grow , to travel
2	to learn , to grow , to travel
3	to learn , to grow ,
3	to learn , to grow
2	to learn ,
2	to learn
2	to grow
2	to travel
3	Jeong-Hyang Lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .
2	Jeong-Hyang Lee 's film
2	Jeong-Hyang Lee 's
2	Lee 's
4	is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .
4	is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying
3	deceptively simple , deeply satisfying
3	deceptively simple ,
2	deceptively simple
4	deeply satisfying
4	The film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .
2	The film
4	is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .
4	is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
3	is a hoot , and
3	is a hoot ,
3	is a hoot
3	a hoot
3	is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
2	is just
3	as good , if not better than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
3	as good , if not better
3	as good , if not
3	as good ,
3	as good
2	if not
1	than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
1	much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
0	of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
1	what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
1	's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
2	's on Saturday morning TV
2	on Saturday morning TV
2	Saturday morning TV
2	morning TV
1	especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
2	especially the pseudo-educational stuff
1	the pseudo-educational stuff
2	pseudo-educational stuff
1	we all ca n't stand
1	all ca n't stand
1	ca n't stand
2	ca n't
3	George Clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .
2	George Clooney , in his first directorial effort ,
2	George Clooney , in his first directorial effort
2	George Clooney ,
2	George Clooney
2	in his first directorial effort
2	his first directorial effort
2	first directorial effort
2	directorial effort
4	presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .
4	presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years
4	this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years
0	this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one
2	this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story
1	utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story
1	utterly ridiculous
2	shaggy dog story
2	dog story
2	as one
4	of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years
4	the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years
4	the most creative , energetic and original
4	most creative , energetic and original
4	creative , energetic and original
4	, energetic and original
4	energetic and original
3	energetic and
3	comedies to hit the screen in years
2	to hit the screen in years
2	hit the screen in years
2	the screen in years
2	the screen
2	in years
3	Even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
2	Even when it drags
1	when it drags
1	it drags
4	, we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
3	we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
4	are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
4	forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
3	to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
3	reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
4	that its visual imagination is breathtaking
4	its visual imagination is breathtaking
3	its visual imagination
2	visual imagination
4	is breathtaking
3	Although commentary on Nachtwey is provided ... it 's the image that really tells the tale .
2	Although commentary on Nachtwey is provided
2	commentary on Nachtwey is provided
2	commentary on Nachtwey
2	on Nachtwey
2	is provided
2	... it 's the image that really tells the tale .
3	it 's the image that really tells the tale .
2	's the image that really tells the tale .
3	's the image that really tells the tale
3	the image that really tells the tale
2	the image
3	that really tells the tale
3	really tells the tale
2	tells the tale
2	the tale
2	A life-size reenactment of those Jack Chick cartoon tracts that always ended with some hippie getting tossed into the lake of fire .
2	A life-size reenactment of those Jack Chick cartoon tracts that always ended with some hippie getting
2	A life-size reenactment
2	life-size reenactment
2	of those Jack Chick cartoon tracts that always ended with some hippie getting
2	those Jack Chick cartoon tracts that always ended with some hippie getting
2	those Jack Chick cartoon tracts
2	Jack Chick cartoon tracts
2	Chick cartoon tracts
2	cartoon tracts
2	that always ended with some hippie getting
2	always ended with some hippie getting
2	ended with some hippie getting
2	with some hippie getting
2	some hippie getting
2	some hippie
2	tossed into the lake of fire .
2	tossed into the lake of fire
2	into the lake of fire
2	the lake of fire
2	the lake
2	of fire
2	Grainy photography mars an otherwise delightful comedy of errors .
1	Grainy photography
2	mars an otherwise delightful comedy of errors .
1	mars an otherwise delightful comedy of errors
3	an otherwise delightful comedy of errors
3	an otherwise delightful comedy
3	otherwise delightful comedy
3	otherwise delightful
2	of errors
2	this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it 's a taunt - a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .
2	this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers
2	this film
2	is not a love letter for the slain rappers
1	is not
3	a love letter for the slain rappers
3	a love letter
3	love letter
1	for the slain rappers
2	the slain rappers
1	slain rappers
1	, it 's a taunt - a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .
2	it 's a taunt - a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .
2	's a taunt - a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .
1	's a taunt - a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered
2	a taunt - a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered
2	a taunt -
1	a taunt
2	a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered
2	a call
2	for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered
2	justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered
1	for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered
2	two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered
2	two crimes
2	from which many of us have not yet recovered
2	from which
1	many of us have not yet recovered
2	many of us
2	of us
1	have not yet recovered
2	have not yet
2	have not
4	The film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .
2	The film
4	is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .
3	is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer
4	is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats
3	impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats
3	for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats
2	the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats
2	the sights and sounds
2	sights and sounds
2	sights and
3	of the wondrous beats
2	the wondrous beats
4	wondrous beats
2	the world has to offer
2	the world
2	has to offer
2	to offer
4	Daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails .
3	Daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
2	Daily struggles and
2	Daily struggles
3	simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
3	simple pleasures
3	usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
2	usurp the preaching message
1	the preaching message
1	preaching message
4	so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
4	that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
4	, by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
3	by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
1	by the time the credits roll across the pat ending
2	the time the credits roll across the pat ending
2	the time
1	the credits roll across the pat ending
2	the credits
2	roll across the pat ending
2	across the pat ending
2	the pat ending
2	the pat
4	, a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
3	a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
3	a warm , fuzzy feeling
3	warm , fuzzy feeling
4	warm , fuzzy
2	, fuzzy
3	... in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown Saturday matinee brain candy , it does n't disappoint .
2	in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown Saturday matinee brain candy , it does n't disappoint .
1	in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown Saturday matinee brain candy
0	no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown Saturday matinee brain candy
1	no way original , or even
2	no way original , or
1	no way original ,
1	no way original
3	way original
2	all that memorable , but as downtown Saturday matinee brain candy
3	all that memorable , but as downtown Saturday matinee brain
2	that memorable , but as downtown Saturday matinee brain
3	that memorable , but as downtown
2	that memorable , but
3	that memorable ,
3	that memorable
2	as downtown
2	Saturday matinee brain
2	matinee brain
3	, it does n't disappoint .
3	it does n't disappoint .
3	does n't disappoint .
3	does n't disappoint
1	does n't
4	Clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , Slap Her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
3	Clever and unflinching in its comic barbs
4	Clever and unflinching
3	Clever and
2	in its comic barbs
2	its comic barbs
3	comic barbs
3	, Slap Her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
3	Slap Her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
1	Slap Her
3	is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
2	is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up
3	a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up
3	a small but rewarding comedy
3	small but rewarding comedy
3	small but rewarding
2	small but
2	that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up
2	takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up
2	takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never
2	takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and
2	takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence
2	takes aim
2	at contemporary southern adolescence
3	contemporary southern adolescence
2	southern adolescence
2	lets up
3	Cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .
2	Cremaster 3
3	is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .
3	is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression
2	is at once
2	at once
2	a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression
1	a tough pill to swallow and
1	a tough pill to swallow
1	tough pill to swallow
1	pill to swallow
2	to swallow
3	a minor miracle of self-expression
3	a minor miracle
3	minor miracle
2	of self-expression
1	Sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .
2	is one of those films that aims to confuse .
1	is one of those films that aims to confuse
2	one of those films that aims to confuse
1	of those films that aims to confuse
2	those films that aims to confuse
2	those films
2	that aims to confuse
1	aims to confuse
2	to confuse
3	Compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , RunTelDat is something of a triumph .
1	Compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen
1	to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen
2	to his series of spectacular belly flops
2	his series of spectacular belly flops
2	his series
1	of spectacular belly flops
1	spectacular belly flops
2	belly flops
2	both on and off the screen
2	on and off the screen
2	on and off
2	on and
2	the screen
4	, RunTelDat is something of a triumph .
3	RunTelDat is something of a triumph .
4	is something of a triumph .
3	is something of a triumph
3	something of a triumph
3	of a triumph
4	a triumph
1	-LRB- Moore 's -RRB- better at fingering problems than finding solutions .
1	Moore 's -RRB- better at fingering problems than finding solutions .
1	's -RRB- better at fingering problems than finding solutions .
1	's -RRB- better at fingering problems than finding solutions
2	's -RRB-
1	better at fingering problems than finding solutions
2	better at
1	fingering problems than finding solutions
2	problems than finding solutions
2	than finding solutions
2	finding solutions
3	But though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
3	though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
1	though he only scratches the surface
2	he only scratches the surface
1	only scratches the surface
2	scratches the surface
2	the surface
3	, at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
3	at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
2	at least
3	he provides a strong itch to explore more .
3	provides a strong itch to explore more .
3	provides a strong itch to explore more
2	a strong itch to explore more
3	strong itch to explore more
3	itch to explore more
2	to explore more
2	explore more
3	The powerful success of Read My Lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers .
3	The powerful success of Read My Lips with such provocative material
4	The powerful success
4	powerful success
2	of Read My Lips with such provocative material
3	Read My Lips with such provocative material
1	Read My Lips
2	My Lips
3	with such provocative material
2	such provocative material
3	provocative material
4	shows why , after only three films , director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers .
3	shows why , after only three films , director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers
4	why , after only three films , director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers
4	, after only three films , director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers
4	after only three films , director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers
2	after only three films
2	only three films
2	three films
3	, director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers
4	director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers
2	director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country ,
2	director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country
2	director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard ,
2	director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard
2	Jacques Audiard
2	though little known in this country
2	little known in this country
2	known in this country
2	in this country
2	this country
4	belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers
4	in the very top rank of French filmmakers
3	the very top rank of French filmmakers
3	the very top rank
3	very top rank
3	very top
2	of French filmmakers
2	French filmmakers
4	In his debut as a director , Washington has a sure hand .
2	In his debut as a director
2	his debut as a director
2	his debut
2	as a director
2	a director
3	, Washington has a sure hand .
4	Washington has a sure hand .
3	has a sure hand .
3	has a sure hand
3	a sure hand
3	sure hand
4	His work with actors is particularly impressive .
2	His work with actors
2	His work
2	with actors
3	is particularly impressive .
3	is particularly impressive
3	particularly impressive
4	A generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .
4	A generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually
3	A generous , inspiring film
3	generous , inspiring film
3	generous , inspiring
4	, inspiring
3	that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually
3	unfolds with grace and humor and gradually
3	with grace and humor and gradually
3	with grace and humor and
3	with grace and humor
3	grace and humor
2	grace and
3	becomes a testament to faith .
3	becomes a testament to faith
3	becomes a testament
2	a testament
2	to faith
3	Delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for .
4	Delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for
3	Delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle
3	the sexy razzle-dazzle
3	sexy razzle-dazzle
3	that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for
3	everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for
2	everyone , especially movie musical fans ,
3	everyone , especially movie musical fans
2	everyone ,
2	especially movie musical fans
2	especially movie
2	musical fans
2	has been hoping for
3	been hoping for
2	hoping for
3	Vincent Gallo is right at home in this French shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .
2	Vincent Gallo
3	is right at home in this French shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .
3	is right at home in this French shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role
2	is right at home in this French shocker
3	right at home in this French shocker
3	right at home
2	at home
2	in this French shocker
2	this French shocker
3	French shocker
2	playing his usual bad boy weirdo role
2	his usual bad boy weirdo role
2	usual bad boy weirdo role
2	bad boy weirdo role
2	boy weirdo role
2	weirdo role
3	Fierce , glaring and unforgettable .
3	, glaring and unforgettable .
4	glaring and unforgettable .
3	glaring and unforgettable
2	glaring and
3	Cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .
3	is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .
3	is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer
3	playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer
3	playful but highly studied and
3	playful but highly studied
2	playful but
3	highly studied
2	dependent for its success on a patient viewer
3	for its success on a patient viewer
4	its success on a patient viewer
3	its success
2	on a patient viewer
3	a patient viewer
2	patient viewer
2	Like its predecessor , it 's no classic , but it provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate .
2	Like its predecessor , it 's no classic , but it provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate
1	Like its predecessor , it 's no classic , but
1	Like its predecessor , it 's no classic ,
1	Like its predecessor , it 's no classic
2	Like its predecessor
2	its predecessor
1	, it 's no classic
1	it 's no classic
1	's no classic
2	no classic
4	it provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate
3	provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate
3	a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate
3	a reasonably attractive holiday contraption ,
3	a reasonably attractive holiday contraption
3	reasonably attractive holiday contraption
3	reasonably attractive
2	holiday contraption
3	one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate
3	that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate
3	families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate
3	families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing
2	looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing
3	for a clean , kid-friendly outing
3	a clean , kid-friendly outing
3	clean , kid-friendly outing
3	, kid-friendly outing
4	kid-friendly outing
2	should investigate
3	Campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .
3	gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .
3	gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful
3	gets the tone just right --
4	gets the tone just right
2	gets the tone
2	the tone
4	just right
3	funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful
2	in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful
2	the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful
2	the middle
2	of sad in the middle of hopeful
2	sad in the middle of hopeful
3	in the middle of hopeful
2	the middle of hopeful
2	the middle
3	of hopeful
2	Either a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks .
3	Either a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks
3	a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks
3	a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and
4	a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers
3	a fascinating study
4	fascinating study
2	of the relationship between mothers
3	the relationship between mothers
2	the relationship
2	between mothers
1	their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks
2	their children or
3	their children
3	a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks
2	a disturbing story
1	disturbing story
2	about sociopaths and their marks
2	sociopaths and their marks
2	sociopaths and
2	their marks
2	... gripping and handsome execution , -LRB- but -RRB- there is n't much about K-19 that 's unique or memorable .
2	gripping and handsome execution , -LRB- but -RRB- there is n't much about K-19 that 's unique or memorable .
3	gripping and handsome execution
3	gripping and
3	handsome execution
1	, -LRB- but -RRB- there is n't much about K-19 that 's unique or memorable .
0	-LRB- but -RRB- there is n't much about K-19 that 's unique or memorable .
1	-LRB- but -RRB- there is n't much about K-19
2	-LRB- but -RRB-
2	but -RRB-
1	there is n't much about K-19
1	is n't much about K-19
1	is n't
2	much about K-19
2	about K-19
3	that 's unique or memorable .
3	's unique or memorable .
3	's unique or memorable
4	unique or memorable
2	unique or
4	Effective in all its aspects , Margarita Happy Hour represents an auspicious feature debut for Chaiken .
4	Effective in all its aspects
2	in all its aspects
2	all its aspects
2	its aspects
3	, Margarita Happy Hour represents an auspicious feature debut for Chaiken .
3	Margarita Happy Hour represents an auspicious feature debut for Chaiken .
3	Margarita Happy Hour
3	Happy Hour
3	represents an auspicious feature debut for Chaiken .
3	represents an auspicious feature debut for Chaiken
3	an auspicious feature debut for Chaiken
3	an auspicious feature debut
3	auspicious feature debut
2	feature debut
2	for Chaiken
4	The delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a Scrooge or two .
4	The delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a Scrooge or two
3	The delicious trimmings ...
3	The delicious trimmings
3	The delicious
3	arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a Scrooge or two
3	arrive early and stay late ,
3	arrive early and stay late
2	arrive early and
3	arrive early
2	stay late
3	filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a Scrooge or two
3	filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability
3	filling nearly every minute ...
2	filling nearly every minute
2	nearly every minute
2	every minute
3	with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability
3	a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability
2	a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and
2	a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers ,
2	a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers
3	a lighthearted glow ,
3	a lighthearted glow
3	lighthearted glow
2	some impudent snickers
2	impudent snickers
3	a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability
4	a glorious dose
2	glorious dose
3	of humankind 's liberating ability
3	humankind 's liberating ability
2	humankind 's
3	liberating ability
3	to triumph over a Scrooge or two
3	triumph over a Scrooge or two
2	over a Scrooge or two
1	a Scrooge or two
2	Scrooge or two
2	Scrooge or
3	Standing by Yourself is haunting ... -LRB- It 's -RRB- what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction .
2	Standing by Yourself
2	by Yourself
3	is haunting ... -LRB- It 's -RRB- what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction .
3	is haunting ... -LRB- It 's -RRB- what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction
2	is haunting ...
2	is haunting
3	-LRB- It 's -RRB- what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction
3	-LRB- It 's -RRB- what punk rock music used to be , and
3	-LRB- It 's -RRB- what punk rock music used to be ,
2	-LRB- It 's -RRB- what punk rock music used to be
2	-LRB- It 's -RRB-
2	It 's -RRB-
2	It 's
3	what punk rock music used to be
3	what punk rock music
1	what punk
2	rock music
2	used to be
2	to be
2	what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction
2	the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction
2	the video medium
2	video medium
1	could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction
2	use more of : spirit , perception , conviction
3	more of : spirit , perception , conviction
2	of : spirit , perception , conviction
2	of :
3	spirit , perception , conviction
2	spirit ,
3	perception , conviction
2	perception ,
2	Not the best Herzog perhaps , but unmistakably Herzog .
2	Not the best Herzog perhaps , but unmistakably
1	Not the best Herzog
3	the best Herzog
3	best Herzog
2	perhaps , but unmistakably
2	perhaps , but
3	perhaps ,
2	Herzog .
4	Enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .
4	Enjoyably fast-moving
3	, hard-hitting documentary .
4	hard-hitting documentary .
3	hard-hitting documentary
3	Rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results .
2	are frequently more fascinating than the results .
2	are frequently more fascinating than the results
2	are frequently
3	more fascinating than the results
3	fascinating than the results
2	than the results
2	the results
2	Last Dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that 's true .
2	Last Dance , whatever its flaws ,
2	Last Dance , whatever its flaws
2	Last Dance ,
2	Last Dance
2	whatever its flaws
1	its flaws
2	fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that 's true .
2	fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that 's true
3	fulfills one facet of its mission
2	one facet of its mission
2	one facet
2	of its mission
2	its mission
2	in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that 's true
2	making me want to find out whether , in this case , that 's true
2	me want to find out whether , in this case , that 's true
2	want to find out whether , in this case , that 's true
2	to find out whether , in this case , that 's true
2	find out whether , in this case , that 's true
2	find out
2	whether , in this case , that 's true
2	, in this case , that 's true
2	in this case , that 's true
2	in this case
2	this case
2	, that 's true
3	that 's true
2	's true
4	The film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled .
2	The film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative
2	The film 's constant mood
2	The film 's
2	film 's
2	constant mood
2	of melancholy and its unhurried narrative
2	melancholy and its unhurried narrative
2	melancholy and
3	its unhurried narrative
3	unhurried narrative
4	are masterfully controlled .
4	are masterfully controlled
4	masterfully controlled
1	But ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters .
1	... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters .
2	... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically -
2	... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has
2	in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has
2	trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has
2	to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has
3	to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances
3	capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances
2	the novel 's deeper intimate resonances
2	the novel 's
2	novel 's
2	deeper intimate resonances
2	deeper intimate
2	, the film has
2	the film has
2	the film
2	-- ironically -
2	ironically -
1	distanced us from the characters .
1	distanced us from the characters
1	distanced us
3	from the characters
2	the characters
4	This is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .
4	is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .
4	is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force
4	a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force
4	a stunning film ,
3	a stunning film
4	stunning film
4	a one-of-a-kind tour de force
3	one-of-a-kind tour de force
2	tour de force
2	de force
3	-LRB- Cho 's face is -RRB- an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .
3	Cho 's face is -RRB- an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .
2	's face is -RRB- an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .
2	's face is -RRB- an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots
3	's face is -RRB- an amazing slapstick instrument ,
4	's face is -RRB- an amazing slapstick instrument
2	's face is -RRB-
2	face is -RRB-
2	face is
3	an amazing slapstick instrument
4	an amazing slapstick
4	amazing slapstick
2	creating a scrapbook of living mug shots
2	a scrapbook of living mug shots
2	a scrapbook
2	of living mug shots
1	living mug shots
1	mug shots
1	It 's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
0	's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
1	's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic
1	's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and
1	's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events
2	's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest , but
1	's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest ,
1	's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest
2	's about as convincing
2	about as convincing
2	as convincing
1	as any other Arnie musclefest
2	any other Arnie musclefest
2	other Arnie musclefest
2	Arnie musclefest
2	has a little too much resonance with real world events
1	a little too much resonance with real world events
2	a little too much resonance
2	little too much resonance
1	too much resonance
1	too much
3	with real world events
2	real world events
2	world events
0	ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic
1	comes off as insultingly simplistic
2	off as insultingly simplistic
2	off as
1	insultingly simplistic
2	While not quite a comedy , the film tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging .
2	While not quite a comedy
2	not quite a comedy
3	quite a comedy
2	a comedy
4	, the film tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging .
3	the film tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging .
2	the film
3	tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging .
4	tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging
4	tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and
3	tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer ,
3	tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer
2	tackles its relatively serious subject
2	its relatively serious subject
2	relatively serious subject
2	relatively serious
3	with an open mind and considerable good cheer
4	an open mind and considerable good cheer
2	an open mind and
3	an open mind
2	open mind
4	considerable good cheer
3	good cheer
3	is never less than engaging
2	is never less than
2	is never
1	less than
3	An extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary China .
4	An extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking
3	extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking
3	funny , ultimately heartbreaking
2	, ultimately heartbreaking
2	ultimately heartbreaking
2	look at life in contemporary China .
2	look at life in contemporary China
2	at life in contemporary China
2	life in contemporary China
2	in contemporary China
2	contemporary China
2	Your response to its new sequel , Analyze That , may hinge on what you thought of the first film .
2	Your response to its new sequel , Analyze That ,
2	Your response to its new sequel , Analyze That
2	Your response to its new sequel ,
2	Your response to its new sequel
2	Your response
2	to its new sequel
2	its new sequel
3	new sequel
2	Analyze That
2	may hinge on what you thought of the first film .
2	may hinge on what you thought of the first film
2	hinge on what you thought of the first film
2	on what you thought of the first film
2	what you thought of the first film
2	you thought of the first film
2	thought of the first film
2	of the first film
2	the first film
2	first film
3	Davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as Amy .
3	is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as Amy .
4	is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as Amy
4	is funny , charming and quirky
4	funny , charming and quirky
4	, charming and quirky
3	charming and quirky
3	charming and
2	in her feature film acting debut as Amy
2	her feature film acting debut as Amy
3	her feature film
2	feature film
2	acting debut as Amy
2	acting debut
2	as Amy
4	Bloody Sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .
2	Bloody Sunday
4	has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .
4	has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made
4	the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made
4	grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made
4	to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made
4	call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made
2	call for prevention rather than to place blame ,
2	call for prevention rather than to place blame
2	for prevention rather than to place blame
2	for prevention rather than
2	for prevention
2	rather than
1	to place blame
2	place blame
4	making it one of the best war movies ever made
4	it one of the best war movies ever made
4	one of the best war movies ever made
4	of the best war movies ever made
4	the best war movies ever made
3	the best war movies
4	best war movies
1	war movies
2	ever made
3	It 's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough .
4	's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough .
4	's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough
4	a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough
2	a movie
3	that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough
4	accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough
4	so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough
2	so much
3	that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough
3	one viewing ca n't possibly be enough
2	one viewing
1	ca n't possibly be enough
2	ca n't possibly
2	ca n't
2	be enough
4	A lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .
3	A lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family
4	A lively and engaging examination
4	lively and engaging examination
3	and engaging examination
3	engaging examination
2	of how similar obsessions can dominate a family
2	how similar obsessions can dominate a family
1	similar obsessions can dominate a family
2	similar obsessions
2	can dominate a family
1	dominate a family
2	a family
4	In the new release of Cinema Paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .
2	In the new release of Cinema Paradiso
2	the new release of Cinema Paradiso
2	the new release
3	new release
2	of Cinema Paradiso
2	Cinema Paradiso
4	, the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .
4	the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .
3	the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned
2	the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and
2	the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet ,
2	the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet
2	the tale
2	has turned from sweet to bittersweet
2	turned from sweet to bittersweet
2	turned from sweet
2	from sweet
2	to bittersweet
4	when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned
3	when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene
3	the tears come during that final , beautiful scene
2	the tears
3	come during that final , beautiful scene
3	during that final , beautiful scene
3	that final , beautiful scene
3	final , beautiful scene
3	, beautiful scene
3	beautiful scene
3	, they finally feel absolutely earned
3	they finally feel absolutely earned
2	finally feel absolutely earned
3	feel absolutely earned
3	feel absolutely
3	Faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` A Walk to Remember '' succeeds through sincerity .
3	Faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` A Walk to Remember ''
4	Faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill ,
3	Faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill
3	without being forceful , sad without being shrill
3	being forceful , sad without being shrill
2	being forceful , sad
2	forceful , sad
2	forceful ,
3	without being shrill
2	being shrill
2	`` A Walk to Remember ''
3	A Walk to Remember ''
3	Walk to Remember ''
3	Walk to Remember
2	to Remember
3	succeeds through sincerity .
3	succeeds through sincerity
3	through sincerity
2	The film is a masterpiece of nuance and characterization , marred only by an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end .
2	The film
3	is a masterpiece of nuance and characterization , marred only by an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end .
2	is a masterpiece of nuance and characterization , marred only by an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end
2	a masterpiece of nuance and characterization , marred only by an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end
4	a masterpiece of nuance and characterization ,
4	a masterpiece of nuance and characterization
4	a masterpiece
3	of nuance and characterization
2	nuance and characterization
2	nuance and
1	marred only by an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end
2	marred only
1	by an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end
0	an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end
2	an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder
1	inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder
1	, utterly distracting blunder
0	utterly distracting blunder
1	utterly distracting
2	at the very end
2	the very end
2	very end
3	The film is full of charm .
2	The film
3	is full of charm .
4	is full of charm
4	full of charm
3	of charm
4	The movie is well crafted , and well executed .
2	The movie
4	is well crafted , and well executed .
4	is well crafted , and well executed
3	is well
4	crafted , and well executed
3	crafted , and well
2	crafted , and
3	crafted ,
2	If you 're paying attention , the `` big twists '' are pretty easy to guess - but that does n't make the movie any less entertaining .
3	If you 're paying attention , the `` big twists '' are pretty easy to guess - but that does n't make the movie any less entertaining
2	If you 're paying attention , the `` big twists '' are pretty easy to guess - but
1	If you 're paying attention , the `` big twists '' are pretty easy to guess -
1	If you 're paying attention , the `` big twists '' are pretty easy to guess
2	If you 're paying attention
3	you 're paying attention
2	're paying attention
2	paying attention
1	, the `` big twists '' are pretty easy to guess
1	the `` big twists '' are pretty easy to guess
2	the `` big twists ''
3	`` big twists ''
2	big twists ''
2	twists ''
2	are pretty easy to guess
2	pretty easy to guess
1	easy to guess
2	to guess
2	that does n't make the movie any less entertaining
3	does n't make the movie any less entertaining
1	does n't
2	make the movie any less entertaining
1	the movie any less entertaining
2	the movie
3	any less entertaining
2	any less
3	One of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .
4	One of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre
4	of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre
4	those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre
2	those unassuming films
2	unassuming films
4	that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre
3	sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre
3	sneaks up on you and
3	sneaks up on you
2	sneaks up
2	on you
3	stays with you long after you have left the theatre
3	stays with you
2	with you
2	long after you have left the theatre
2	after you have left the theatre
1	you have left the theatre
2	have left the theatre
1	left the theatre
2	the theatre
1	... Pray does n't have a passion for the material .
1	Pray does n't have a passion for the material .
1	does n't have a passion for the material .
1	does n't have a passion for the material
1	does n't
3	have a passion for the material
3	a passion for the material
2	a passion
2	for the material
2	the material
4	He nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
3	nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
4	appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
3	appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race
3	appreciates the art and
3	appreciates the art
2	the art
3	reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race
4	a music scene that transcends culture and race
2	a music scene
2	music scene
3	that transcends culture and race
3	transcends culture and race
2	culture and race
2	culture and
4	The one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .
4	The one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded
3	The one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and
3	The one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile
2	The one-liners are snappy ,
3	The one-liners are snappy
2	The one-liners
2	are snappy
2	the situations volatile
2	the situations
4	the comic opportunities richly rewarded
2	the comic opportunities
2	comic opportunities
4	richly rewarded
4	It 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair .
4	's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair .
4	's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair
4	anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair
3	anchored by splendid performances
4	by splendid performances
4	splendid performances
4	from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair
4	an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair
2	an honored screen veteran and
3	an honored screen veteran
3	honored screen veteran
2	screen veteran
4	a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair
3	a sparkling newcomer
3	sparkling newcomer
3	who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair
4	instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair
3	transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair
2	transform themselves
3	into a believable mother\/daughter pair
3	a believable mother\/daughter pair
3	believable mother\/daughter pair
2	mother\/daughter pair
4	Fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
2	Fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them ,
3	Fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them
2	Fathers and sons , and
2	Fathers and sons ,
2	Fathers and sons
2	Fathers and
2	the uneasy bonds between them
2	the uneasy bonds
1	uneasy bonds
2	between them
4	rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
4	have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
4	have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film
4	received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film
3	received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen
3	such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen
2	a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen
3	a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment
3	sophisticated and unsentimental treatment
2	and unsentimental treatment
2	unsentimental treatment
2	on the big screen
2	the big screen
2	big screen
4	as they do in this marvelous film
3	they do in this marvelous film
4	do in this marvelous film
4	in this marvelous film
3	this marvelous film
4	marvelous film
2	This sci-fi techno-sex thriller starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder .
2	This sci-fi techno-sex thriller
3	sci-fi techno-sex thriller
2	techno-sex thriller
1	starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder .
1	starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder
1	starts out bizarre and just
2	starts out bizarre and
1	starts out bizarre
2	out bizarre
2	keeps getting weirder
1	getting weirder
4	Last Orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
2	Last Orders
3	nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
3	nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced
4	nurtures the multi-layers of its characters ,
3	nurtures the multi-layers of its characters
3	the multi-layers of its characters
3	the multi-layers
2	of its characters
2	its characters
3	allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced
3	us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced
2	to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced
3	remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced
2	that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced
2	that life 's ultimately
2	that life 's
2	that life
3	a gamble and last orders are to be embraced
2	a gamble and last orders
2	a gamble and
2	a gamble
2	last orders
2	are to be embraced
3	to be embraced
3	be embraced
3	It 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .
3	's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .
3	's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective
3	affecting , amusing , sad and reflective
3	, amusing , sad and reflective
3	amusing , sad and reflective
2	, sad and reflective
2	sad and reflective
2	sad and
3	A slight but sweet film .
3	A slight but sweet film
2	slight but sweet film
3	slight but sweet
1	slight but
3	Writer\/director Walter Hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
2	Writer\/director Walter Hill
2	Walter Hill
3	is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
3	is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable
2	is in his hypermasculine element here , once again
2	is in his hypermasculine element here ,
2	is in his hypermasculine element here
2	in his hypermasculine element here
2	his hypermasculine element here
2	his hypermasculine element
2	hypermasculine element
2	once again
3	able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable
3	to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable
3	inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable
3	inject some real vitality and even art
3	some real vitality and even art
3	some real vitality and even
3	some real vitality and
3	some real vitality
3	real vitality
1	into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable
3	a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable
2	a pulpy concept
1	pulpy concept
2	that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable
2	that ,
2	in many other hands would be completely forgettable
2	in many other hands
2	many other hands
2	other hands
2	would be completely forgettable
1	be completely forgettable
0	completely forgettable
4	It is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .
4	is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .
4	is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film
4	a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film
4	a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling ,
4	a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling
3	a happy , heady jumble
3	happy , heady jumble
2	, heady jumble
1	heady jumble
2	of thought and storytelling
2	thought and storytelling
2	thought and
4	an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film
3	an insane comic undertaking
3	insane comic undertaking
3	insane comic
4	that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film
3	ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film
4	coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film
4	into a sane and breathtakingly creative film
3	a sane and breathtakingly creative film
4	sane and breathtakingly creative film
3	sane and breathtakingly
2	sane and
3	creative film
2	This new Time Machine is hardly perfect ... yet it proves surprisingly serviceable .
3	This new Time Machine is hardly perfect ... yet it proves surprisingly serviceable
1	This new Time Machine is hardly perfect ...
1	This new Time Machine is hardly perfect
2	This new Time Machine
2	new Time Machine
2	Time Machine
1	is hardly perfect
1	hardly perfect
3	yet it proves surprisingly serviceable
3	it proves surprisingly serviceable
3	proves surprisingly serviceable
3	surprisingly serviceable
3	Even at its worst , it 's not half-bad .
2	Even at its worst
1	at its worst
0	its worst
3	, it 's not half-bad .
2	it 's not half-bad .
3	's not half-bad .
2	's not half-bad
2	's not
3	Almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` The Addams Family '' to everyone looking in ... `` My Big Fat Greek Wedding '' comes from the heart ...
3	Almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` The Addams Family '' to everyone looking in ... `` My Big Fat Greek Wedding '' comes from the heart
2	Almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` The Addams Family '' to everyone looking in ... ``
2	Almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` The Addams Family '' to everyone looking in ...
3	Almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` The Addams Family '' to everyone looking in
2	Almost everyone growing up
2	Almost everyone
2	growing up
2	believes their family must look like `` The Addams Family '' to everyone looking in
2	their family must look like `` The Addams Family '' to everyone looking in
2	their family
2	must look like `` The Addams Family '' to everyone looking in
2	look like `` The Addams Family '' to everyone looking in
2	look like `` The Addams Family ''
2	like `` The Addams Family ''
2	like `` The Addams Family
2	like ``
2	The Addams Family
2	Addams Family
2	to everyone looking in
2	everyone looking in
2	looking in
3	My Big Fat Greek Wedding '' comes from the heart
2	My Big Fat Greek Wedding
2	Big Fat Greek Wedding
2	Fat Greek Wedding
2	Greek Wedding
3	'' comes from the heart
3	comes from the heart
2	from the heart
2	the heart
3	Once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave .
2	Once folks started hanging out at the barbershop
2	folks started hanging out at the barbershop
2	started hanging out at the barbershop
2	hanging out at the barbershop
2	hanging out
2	at the barbershop
2	the barbershop
2	, they never wanted to leave .
2	they never wanted to leave .
4	never wanted to leave .
1	wanted to leave .
1	wanted to leave
2	to leave
2	Chances are you wo n't , either .
2	are you wo n't , either .
2	are you wo n't , either
2	are you wo n't ,
2	are you wo n't
2	you wo n't
2	wo n't
3	George Lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .
2	George Lucas
3	returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .
4	returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension
3	as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension
3	a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension
3	a visionary
3	with a tale full of nuance and character dimension
3	a tale full of nuance and character dimension
2	a tale
3	full of nuance and character dimension
2	of nuance and character dimension
2	nuance and character dimension
2	and character dimension
2	character dimension
3	Can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music
3	Can be viewed as pure composition and form --
3	be viewed as pure composition and form --
3	viewed as pure composition and form --
3	as pure composition and form --
2	pure composition and form --
3	pure composition and form
3	pure composition and
3	pure composition
2	film as music
2	as music
4	An extraordinary dramatic experience .
4	extraordinary dramatic experience .
3	dramatic experience .
2	experience .
4	Every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible .
4	Every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible
2	Every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but
3	Every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices ,
3	Every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices
2	Every individual
2	will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices
3	see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices
3	see the movie
2	the movie
2	through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices
2	the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices
2	the prism
2	of his or her own beliefs and prejudices
2	his or her own beliefs and prejudices
2	his or her own beliefs and
2	his or her own beliefs
2	his or her
2	his or
2	own beliefs
3	the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible
2	the one thing most will take away
2	the one thing
2	one thing
2	most will take away
2	will take away
2	take away
3	is the sense that peace is possible
2	is the sense
2	the sense
3	that peace is possible
3	peace is possible
2	is possible
4	That , in itself , is extraordinary .
3	, in itself , is extraordinary .
3	in itself , is extraordinary .
2	in itself
4	, is extraordinary .
4	is extraordinary .
4	is extraordinary
2	If you can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in , Sweet Home Alabama is diverting in the manner of Jeff Foxworthy 's stand-up act .
1	If you can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in
1	you can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in
3	can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in
1	tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in
2	tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches
2	the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches
2	redneck-versus-blueblood cliches
2	that the film trades in
2	the film trades in
2	the film
2	trades in
2	, Sweet Home Alabama is diverting in the manner of Jeff Foxworthy 's stand-up act .
2	Sweet Home Alabama is diverting in the manner of Jeff Foxworthy 's stand-up act .
2	Sweet Home Alabama
4	Home Alabama
2	is diverting in the manner of Jeff Foxworthy 's stand-up act .
2	is diverting in the manner of Jeff Foxworthy 's stand-up act
2	diverting in the manner of Jeff Foxworthy 's stand-up act
2	in the manner of Jeff Foxworthy 's stand-up act
2	the manner of Jeff Foxworthy 's stand-up act
2	the manner
2	of Jeff Foxworthy 's stand-up act
2	Jeff Foxworthy 's stand-up act
2	Jeff Foxworthy 's
2	Foxworthy 's
2	stand-up act
3	It 's a treat watching Shaw , a British stage icon , melting under the heat of Phocion 's attentions .
3	's a treat watching Shaw , a British stage icon , melting under the heat of Phocion 's attentions .
3	's a treat watching Shaw , a British stage icon , melting under the heat of Phocion 's attentions
4	a treat watching Shaw , a British stage icon , melting under the heat of Phocion 's attentions
3	a treat
2	watching Shaw , a British stage icon , melting under the heat of Phocion 's attentions
2	Shaw , a British stage icon , melting under the heat of Phocion 's attentions
2	Shaw , a British stage icon ,
2	Shaw , a British stage icon
2	Shaw ,
2	a British stage icon
3	British stage icon
2	stage icon
2	melting under the heat of Phocion 's attentions
2	under the heat of Phocion 's attentions
2	the heat of Phocion 's attentions
2	the heat
2	of Phocion 's attentions
2	Phocion 's attentions
2	Phocion 's
3	All in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate they 're forced to follow .
2	All in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate
3	in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate
3	all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate
2	all ,
4	an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate
3	an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones
3	an interesting look
3	interesting look
2	at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones
2	the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones
2	the life
2	of the campaign-trail press , especially ones
2	the campaign-trail press , especially ones
2	the campaign-trail press , especially
2	the campaign-trail press ,
3	the campaign-trail press
2	campaign-trail press
1	that do n't really care for the candidate
1	do n't really care for the candidate
2	do n't really
2	do n't
2	care for the candidate
2	for the candidate
2	the candidate
2	they 're forced to follow .
2	're forced to follow .
2	're forced to follow
1	forced to follow
2	to follow
4	Narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .
3	is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .
3	is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films
3	a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films
3	a no-bull throwback
2	no-bull throwback
2	to 1970s action films
2	1970s action films
2	action films
4	It zips along with B-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .
3	zips along with B-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .
4	zips along with B-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special
2	zips along with B-movie verve
2	zips along
2	with B-movie verve
2	B-movie verve
3	while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special
4	adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special
3	adding the rich details and
3	adding the rich details
3	the rich details
3	rich details
4	go-for-broke acting that heralds something special
4	acting that heralds something special
4	that heralds something special
4	heralds something special
4	something special
4	Me Without You has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood .
3	Without You has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood .
2	Without You
4	has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood .
3	has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
4	a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
2	a bracing truth
3	bracing truth
3	that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
3	's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
2	refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
1	after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
1	the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
2	the phoniness
2	of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
2	female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
2	female-bonding pictures
2	like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
2	Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
2	Divine Secrets
3	of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
3	the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
2	Ya-Ya Sisterhood
1	It 's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .
2	's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .
2	's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to
0	a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to
2	a strange film ,
2	a strange film
1	strange film
1	one that was hard for me to warm up to
1	that was hard for me to warm up to
2	was hard for me to warm up to
1	was hard for me
1	hard for me
2	for me
2	to warm up to
3	warm up to
2	warm up
2	Goes a long way on hedonistic gusto .
3	Goes a long way on hedonistic gusto
2	a long way on hedonistic gusto
2	a long way
2	long way
2	on hedonistic gusto
2	hedonistic gusto
3	The result puts a human face on Derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less .
2	The result
3	puts a human face on Derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less .
4	puts a human face on Derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less
4	puts a human face on Derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible
2	puts a human face on Derrida , and
2	puts a human face on Derrida ,
2	puts a human face on Derrida
3	puts a human face
2	a human face
2	human face
2	on Derrida
3	makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible
3	one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible
4	one of the great minds of our times
3	of the great minds of our times
4	the great minds of our times
3	the great minds
3	great minds
2	of our times
2	our times
3	interesting and accessible
4	interesting and
2	to people who normally could n't care less
2	people who normally could n't care less
1	who normally could n't care less
1	normally could n't care less
1	could n't care less
1	could n't
1	care less
3	The Scorpion King is more fun than Conan the Barbarian .
2	The Scorpion King
2	Scorpion King
4	is more fun than Conan the Barbarian .
3	is more fun than Conan the Barbarian
3	more fun than Conan the Barbarian
2	more fun
2	than Conan the Barbarian
2	Conan the Barbarian
2	the Barbarian
2	If there 's one big point to Promises , it 's that nothing can change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other .
2	If there 's one big point to Promises
2	there 's one big point to Promises
2	's one big point to Promises
2	one big point to Promises
2	one big point
2	big point
2	to Promises
2	, it 's that nothing can change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other .
2	it 's that nothing can change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other .
2	's that nothing can change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other .
2	's that nothing can change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other
2	that nothing can change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other
2	nothing can change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other
2	can change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other
2	change while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other
2	while physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other
2	physical and psychological barriers keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other
2	physical and psychological barriers
2	and psychological barriers
2	psychological barriers
2	keep the sides from speaking even one word to each other
2	keep the sides
2	the sides
2	from speaking even one word to each other
2	speaking even one word to each other
2	speaking even one word
2	even one word
2	one word
2	to each other
2	each other
4	Unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery .
3	Unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor
2	Unexpected moments
3	of authentically impulsive humor
3	authentically impulsive humor
2	authentically impulsive
3	are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery .
3	are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
3	the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
2	the hallmark
3	of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
3	this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
3	bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
4	, uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
3	uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
3	uncommonly sincere
3	movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
3	that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
3	portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
2	the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
2	the frank humanity of ...
2	the frank humanity of
2	the frank humanity
2	frank humanity
2	emotional recovery
3	Jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism .
4	has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism .
4	has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism
4	filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism
2	filmed the opera exactly
2	filmed the opera
2	the opera
3	as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism
3	the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism
2	the libretto
3	directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism
3	directs , ideally
2	directs ,
3	capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism
3	the opera 's drama and lyricism
2	the opera 's
2	opera 's
2	drama and lyricism
2	drama and
4	This is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .
4	is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .
3	is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies
4	a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies
3	a sincerely crafted picture
4	sincerely crafted picture
3	crafted picture
3	that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies
3	deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies
3	to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies
2	emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies
2	from the traffic jam of holiday movies
2	the traffic jam of holiday movies
2	the traffic jam
2	traffic jam
2	of holiday movies
2	holiday movies
3	I liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .
3	liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .
3	liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive
3	liked it
3	because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive
3	it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive
3	was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive
1	was so endlessly , grotesquely ,
0	was so endlessly , grotesquely
2	was so endlessly ,
1	was so endlessly
2	so endlessly
4	Audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
4	successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
3	maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
3	maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling
3	maintains suspense on different levels
3	suspense on different levels
3	on different levels
2	different levels
4	throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling
4	a film that is both gripping and compelling
2	a film
4	that is both gripping and compelling
3	is both gripping and compelling
3	both gripping and compelling
3	gripping and compelling
3	gripping and
3	Credit director Ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .
3	Credit director Ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it
3	Credit director Ramsay
2	director Ramsay
3	for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it
2	taking the sometimes improbable story and making it
2	taking the sometimes improbable story and
2	taking the sometimes improbable story
2	the sometimes improbable story
1	sometimes improbable story
1	sometimes improbable
2	making it
3	feel realistic .
3	feel realistic
4	This is DiCaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .
4	is DiCaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .
4	is DiCaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year
4	DiCaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year
4	DiCaprio 's best performance
2	DiCaprio 's
3	best performance
3	in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year
4	anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year
2	anything ever , and easily
2	anything ever , and
2	anything ever ,
2	anything ever
4	the most watchable film of the year
4	the most watchable film
4	most watchable film
3	most watchable
2	of the year
2	the year
2	Witherspoon puts to rest her valley-girl image , but it 's Dench who really steals the show .
3	Witherspoon puts to rest her valley-girl image , but it 's Dench who really steals the show
2	Witherspoon puts to rest her valley-girl image , but
2	Witherspoon puts to rest her valley-girl image ,
3	Witherspoon puts to rest her valley-girl image
3	puts to rest her valley-girl image
2	to rest her valley-girl image
2	rest her valley-girl image
2	her valley-girl image
2	valley-girl image
3	it 's Dench who really steals the show
3	's Dench who really steals the show
4	Dench who really steals the show
3	who really steals the show
3	really steals the show
3	steals the show
2	the show
4	Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time .
3	Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time
3	Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ...
3	Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end
3	Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and
3	Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic ,
3	Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic
2	Even when there are lulls
2	when there are lulls
1	there are lulls
2	are lulls
3	, the emotions seem authentic
3	the emotions seem authentic
2	the emotions
3	seem authentic
4	the picture is so lovely toward the end
2	the picture
3	is so lovely toward the end
3	so lovely toward the end
3	lovely toward the end
2	toward the end
2	the end
2	you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time
3	almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time
3	do n't notice the 129-minute running time
2	do n't
1	notice the 129-minute running time
2	the 129-minute running time
2	129-minute running time
2	running time
3	While dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors Dean Deblois and Chris Sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .
2	While dutifully pulling on heartstrings
3	dutifully pulling on heartstrings
4	pulling on heartstrings
2	on heartstrings
4	, directors Dean Deblois and Chris Sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .
3	directors Dean Deblois and Chris Sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .
2	directors Dean Deblois and Chris Sanders
2	Dean Deblois and Chris Sanders
2	Deblois and Chris Sanders
2	and Chris Sanders
2	Chris Sanders
3	valiantly keep punching up the mix .
2	keep punching up the mix .
2	keep punching up the mix
3	punching up the mix
2	punching up
2	the mix
3	Ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints .
3	Ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
2	Ambitious ,
3	unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
2	unsettling psychodrama
4	that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
3	takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
2	full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
3	full , chilling advantage
2	, chilling advantage
3	chilling advantage
1	of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
1	its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
1	rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
1	, low-budget constraints
1	low-budget constraints
2	Eric Byler 's nuanced pic avoids easy sentiments and explanations ...
3	Eric Byler 's nuanced pic
2	Eric Byler 's
2	Byler 's
2	nuanced pic
1	avoids easy sentiments and explanations ...
3	avoids easy sentiments and explanations
2	easy sentiments and explanations
2	sentiments and explanations
2	sentiments and
3	Manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .
3	to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .
3	to be wholesome and subversive at the same time
3	be wholesome and subversive at the same time
2	be wholesome and subversive
3	wholesome and subversive
3	wholesome and
2	at the same time
2	the same time
2	same time
3	When it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , `` Real Women Have Curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
1	When it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama
2	it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama
1	's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama
2	's not
1	wallowing in hormonal melodrama
2	in hormonal melodrama
1	hormonal melodrama
4	, `` Real Women Have Curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
4	`` Real Women Have Curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
4	Real Women Have Curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
2	Real Women Have Curves
2	Women Have Curves
2	Have Curves
4	'' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
3	is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
4	is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams
4	a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams
4	a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama
4	sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama
3	, honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama
4	honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama
4	honest , and enjoyable
3	, and enjoyable
3	, and
2	about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams
3	a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams
2	a young woman
2	young woman
2	who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams
2	wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams
2	wants many things in life , but
2	wants many things in life ,
2	wants many things in life
2	wants many things
2	many things
2	in life
2	fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams
2	she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams
2	'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams
2	become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams
2	become her mother
2	her mother
2	before she gets to fulfill her dreams
3	she gets to fulfill her dreams
2	gets to fulfill her dreams
2	to fulfill her dreams
2	fulfill her dreams
2	her dreams
1	The film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional .
3	The film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional
1	The film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but
1	The film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters --
1	The film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
1	The film runs on a little longer than it needs to --
1	The film runs on a little longer than it needs to
2	The film
2	runs on a little longer than it needs to
2	runs on a little longer
2	on a little longer
2	a little longer
2	a little
2	than it needs to
2	it needs to
2	needs to
1	Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
2	either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
2	does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
1	does n't
2	notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
4	when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
3	his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
2	his story
3	ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
2	ends or
3	just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
2	ca n't tear himself away from the characters
2	ca n't
2	tear himself away from the characters
2	tear himself away
2	tear himself
3	from the characters
2	the characters
3	it 's smooth and professional
3	's smooth and professional
3	smooth and professional
2	smooth and
2	Blithely anachronistic and slyly achronological .
1	Blithely anachronistic and slyly achronological
2	Blithely anachronistic and
3	Blithely anachronistic
2	slyly achronological
1	This starts off with a 1950 's Doris Day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast .
0	This starts off with a 1950 's Doris Day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast
2	This starts off with a 1950 's Doris Day feel and
2	This starts off with a 1950 's Doris Day feel
3	starts off with a 1950 's Doris Day feel
2	starts off
2	with a 1950 's Doris Day feel
2	a 1950 's Doris Day feel
2	a 1950 's
2	1950 's
2	Doris Day feel
2	Day feel
0	it gets very ugly , very fast
1	gets very ugly , very fast
0	very ugly , very fast
1	very ugly ,
0	very ugly
2	very fast
3	The first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !
2	The first five minutes
2	first five minutes
2	five minutes
4	will have you talking 'til the end of the year !
4	will have you talking 'til the end of the year
4	have you talking 'til the end of the year
2	you talking 'til the end of the year
2	talking 'til the end of the year
2	'til the end of the year
2	the end of the year
2	the end
2	of the year
2	the year
2	Triumph of Love is a very silly movie , but the silliness has a pedigree .
2	Triumph of Love is a very silly movie , but the silliness has a pedigree
2	Triumph of Love is a very silly movie , but
1	Triumph of Love is a very silly movie ,
1	Triumph of Love is a very silly movie
2	Triumph of Love
2	of Love
3	is a very silly movie
2	a very silly movie
2	very silly movie
2	very silly
3	the silliness has a pedigree
3	the silliness
2	has a pedigree
2	a pedigree
3	Discursive but oddly riveting documentary .
3	Discursive but oddly riveting documentary
2	Discursive but oddly
2	Discursive but
2	riveting documentary
2	The movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people .
2	The movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people
1	The movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but
1	The movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency ,
0	The movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency
2	The movie
1	has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency
1	no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency
1	no respect
2	for laws , political correctness or common decency
2	laws , political correctness or common decency
2	laws , political correctness or
2	laws , political correctness
2	laws ,
2	political correctness
2	common decency
3	it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people
2	displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people
3	displays something more important :
4	displays something more important
2	displays something
2	more important
2	respect for its flawed , crazy people
2	for its flawed , crazy people
1	its flawed , crazy people
1	flawed , crazy people
1	flawed , crazy
2	, crazy
3	On its own , Big Trouble could be considered a funny little film .
2	On its own
3	its own
3	, Big Trouble could be considered a funny little film .
3	Big Trouble could be considered a funny little film .
2	Big Trouble
2	could be considered a funny little film .
3	could be considered a funny little film
3	be considered a funny little film
3	considered a funny little film
3	a funny little film
3	funny little film
2	little film
3	An undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .
4	An undeniably gorgeous , terminally
3	undeniably gorgeous , terminally
4	undeniably gorgeous
2	, terminally
3	smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .
2	smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band
2	document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band
3	of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band
2	a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band
2	a troubadour , his acolytes , and
2	a troubadour , his acolytes ,
2	a troubadour , his acolytes
2	a troubadour ,
3	a troubadour
2	his acolytes
3	the triumph of his band
3	the triumph
2	of his band
2	his band
3	This cinema verite speculation on the assassination of John F. Kennedy may have been inspired by Blair Witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .
3	This cinema verite speculation on the assassination of John F. Kennedy may have been inspired by Blair Witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative
2	This cinema verite speculation on the assassination of John F. Kennedy may have been inspired by Blair Witch , but
1	This cinema verite speculation on the assassination of John F. Kennedy may have been inspired by Blair Witch ,
2	This cinema verite speculation on the assassination of John F. Kennedy may have been inspired by Blair Witch
2	This cinema verite speculation on the assassination of John F. Kennedy
2	This cinema verite speculation
2	cinema verite speculation
2	verite speculation
2	on the assassination of John F. Kennedy
2	the assassination of John F. Kennedy
2	the assassination
2	of John F. Kennedy
2	John F. Kennedy
2	F. Kennedy
2	may have been inspired by Blair Witch
2	have been inspired by Blair Witch
2	been inspired by Blair Witch
2	inspired by Blair Witch
2	by Blair Witch
2	Blair Witch
3	it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative
3	takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative
3	takes its techniques into such fresh territory
2	takes its techniques
2	its techniques
3	into such fresh territory
3	such fresh territory
3	fresh territory
3	that the film never feels derivative
3	the film never feels derivative
2	the film
3	never feels derivative
1	feels derivative
4	A beautifully observed character piece .
3	A beautifully
3	observed character piece .
2	observed character piece
3	character piece
4	A coming-of-age movie that Hollywood would n't have the guts to make .
2	A coming-of-age movie that Hollywood
3	A coming-of-age movie
2	coming-of-age movie
2	that Hollywood
1	would n't have the guts to make .
2	would n't have the guts to make
2	would n't
2	have the guts to make
2	the guts to make
2	the guts
2	to make
3	It is quite a vision .
3	is quite a vision .
2	is quite a vision
3	quite a vision
3	a vision
3	There are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies .
4	There are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies
4	There are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus ,
4	There are laughs aplenty , and
4	There are laughs aplenty ,
3	There are laughs aplenty
3	are laughs aplenty
3	laughs aplenty
2	, as a bonus ,
2	as a bonus ,
2	as a bonus
3	a bonus
3	viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies
2	do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies
2	do n't
0	have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies
1	have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
1	to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
0	worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
1	about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
1	being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
1	subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
0	to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
2	farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
1	farts , urine , feces , semen , or
2	farts , urine , feces , semen ,
0	farts , urine , feces , semen
1	farts , urine , feces ,
1	farts , urine , feces
1	farts , urine ,
1	farts , urine
2	farts ,
2	any of the other foul substances
1	of the other foul substances
2	the other foul substances
1	other foul substances
1	foul substances
2	that have overrun modern-day comedies
2	have overrun modern-day comedies
1	overrun modern-day comedies
3	modern-day comedies
3	A bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation .
3	A bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling
3	A bittersweet drama
3	bittersweet drama
2	about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling
2	the limbo of grief and how truth-telling
2	the limbo
2	of grief and how truth-telling
2	grief and how truth-telling
2	grief and
2	how truth-telling
3	can open the door to liberation .
2	can open the door to liberation
2	open the door to liberation
2	open the door
2	the door
2	to liberation
3	A strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two
1	A strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing
4	A strong and confident work
4	strong and confident work
3	strong and confident
3	strong and
1	which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing
1	works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing
1	works so well for the first 89 minutes , but
3	works so well for the first 89 minutes ,
3	works so well for the first 89 minutes
3	works so well
3	so well
2	for the first 89 minutes
2	the first 89 minutes
2	first 89 minutes
2	89 minutes
0	ends so horrendously confusing
0	so horrendously confusing
0	horrendously confusing
2	in the final two
2	the final two
2	final two
4	Salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon .
4	Salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon
2	Salma goes native and
2	Salma goes native
2	goes native
4	she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon
4	's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon
2	's never
3	been better in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon
1	been better
3	in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon
3	this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon
3	this colorful bio-pic
3	colorful bio-pic
2	of a Mexican icon
2	a Mexican icon
2	Mexican icon
4	Filled with Alexandre Desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .
2	Filled with Alexandre Desplat 's haunting and sublime music
3	with Alexandre Desplat 's haunting and sublime music
3	Alexandre Desplat 's haunting and sublime music
2	Alexandre Desplat 's
2	Desplat 's
2	haunting and sublime music
3	and sublime music
3	sublime music
3	, the movie completely transfixes the audience .
4	the movie completely transfixes the audience .
2	the movie
3	completely transfixes the audience .
4	transfixes the audience .
3	transfixes the audience
2	the audience
3	As chilling and fascinating as Philippe Mora 's modern Hitler-study , Snide and Prejudice .
4	As chilling and fascinating as Philippe Mora 's modern Hitler-study
3	chilling and fascinating as Philippe Mora 's modern Hitler-study
4	chilling and fascinating
2	chilling and
2	as Philippe Mora 's modern Hitler-study
2	Philippe Mora 's modern Hitler-study
2	Philippe Mora 's
2	Mora 's
2	modern Hitler-study
1	, Snide and Prejudice .
1	Snide and Prejudice .
1	Snide and Prejudice
1	Snide and
4	An hour and a half of joyful solo performance .
3	An hour and a half of joyful solo performance
2	An hour
2	and a half of joyful solo performance
2	and a half
2	a half
4	of joyful solo performance
3	joyful solo performance
2	solo performance
3	Strange and beautiful film .
3	Strange and beautiful film
2	Strange and
4	beautiful film
3	No worse a film than Breaking Out , and Breaking Out was utterly charming .
1	No worse a film than Breaking Out , and Breaking Out
1	No worse a film
1	No worse
2	a film
2	than Breaking Out , and Breaking Out
2	Breaking Out , and Breaking Out
2	Breaking Out , and
2	Breaking Out ,
2	Breaking Out
2	Breaking Out
4	was utterly charming .
4	was utterly charming
3	utterly charming
1	Parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '
1	can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '
2	can not
3	sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '
3	sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings
3	the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings
3	the buoyant energy level
3	buoyant energy level
2	energy level
2	of the film 's city beginnings
2	the film 's city beginnings
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	city beginnings
2	into its country conclusion '
2	its country conclusion '
2	country conclusion '
2	conclusion '
3	... Despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
3	Despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
1	Despite lagging near the finish line
1	lagging near the finish line
2	near the finish line
3	the finish line
2	finish line
4	, the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
3	the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
2	the movie
4	runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
4	runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches .
4	runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches
4	a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches
3	a good race ,
3	a good race
3	good race
4	one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches
4	that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches
3	will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches
4	have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches
2	have you
3	at the edge of your seat for long stretches
3	the edge of your seat for long stretches
3	the edge
2	of your seat for long stretches
1	your seat for long stretches
2	your seat
2	for long stretches
2	long stretches
3	... a guiltless film for nice evening out .
3	a guiltless film for nice evening out .
3	a guiltless film for nice evening out
3	a guiltless film
2	guiltless film
3	for nice evening out
3	nice evening out
2	evening out
3	Deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film .
2	Deflated ending aside
2	ending aside
4	, there 's much to recommend the film .
4	there 's much to recommend the film .
3	's much to recommend the film .
3	's much to recommend the film
3	much to recommend the film
2	to recommend the film
3	recommend the film
2	the film
4	It 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... Grant and Bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .
4	It 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... Grant and Bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun
4	It 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ...
4	It 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score
4	's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score
4	a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score
4	a treat --
3	a treat
4	a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score
4	a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy
4	delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy
3	, witty , improbable romantic comedy
3	witty , improbable romantic comedy
2	, improbable romantic comedy
2	improbable romantic comedy
2	romantic comedy
4	with a zippy jazzy score
4	a zippy jazzy score
4	zippy jazzy score
3	jazzy score
4	Grant and Bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun
2	Grant and Bullock
2	Grant and
3	make it look as though they are having so much fun
3	it look as though they are having so much fun
3	look as though they are having so much fun
3	as though they are having so much fun
3	though they are having so much fun
3	they are having so much fun
4	are having so much fun
4	having so much fun
4	so much fun
2	so much
3	Performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering Oscar-caliber performances .
2	Performances all around
2	all around
4	are tops , with the two leads delivering Oscar-caliber performances .
4	are tops , with the two leads delivering Oscar-caliber performances
2	are tops ,
3	are tops
4	with the two leads delivering Oscar-caliber performances
4	the two leads delivering Oscar-caliber performances
2	the two leads
2	two leads
4	delivering Oscar-caliber performances
4	Oscar-caliber performances
3	Everything about The Quiet American is good , except its timing .
2	Everything about The Quiet American
2	about The Quiet American
2	The Quiet American
2	Quiet American
3	is good , except its timing .
3	is good , except its timing
4	is good ,
3	is good
2	except its timing
2	its timing
2	A savage John Waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over .
2	A savage John Waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over
1	A savage John Waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness
3	A savage John Waters-like humor that dances on the edge
2	A savage John Waters-like humor
2	savage John Waters-like humor
4	John Waters-like humor
2	Waters-like humor
2	that dances on the edge
3	dances on the edge
2	on the edge
3	the edge
2	of tastelessness
2	without ever quite falling over
2	ever quite falling over
2	ever quite
2	falling over
3	At once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .
2	At once
3	a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .
3	a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking
2	a testament
3	to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking
2	the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking
2	the divine calling of education and
2	the divine calling of education
3	the divine calling
2	divine calling
3	of education
2	a demonstration of the painstaking
2	a demonstration
1	of the painstaking
1	the painstaking
3	process of imparting knowledge .
2	process of imparting knowledge
2	of imparting knowledge
2	imparting knowledge
2	May seriously impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman .
2	seriously impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman .
3	impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman .
3	impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman
2	your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman
2	ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman
2	to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman
2	ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman
2	ever again
3	maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman
3	maintain a straight face
3	a straight face
2	straight face
2	while speaking to a highway patrolman
2	speaking to a highway patrolman
2	to a highway patrolman
2	a highway patrolman
2	highway patrolman
3	It 's an interesting effort -LRB- particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts -RRB- , and Barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile .
3	It 's an interesting effort -LRB- particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts -RRB- , and Barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile
3	It 's an interesting effort -LRB- particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts -RRB- , and
3	It 's an interesting effort -LRB- particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts -RRB- ,
3	It 's an interesting effort -LRB- particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts -RRB-
3	's an interesting effort -LRB- particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts -RRB-
2	's an interesting effort
2	an interesting effort
3	interesting effort
2	-LRB- particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts -RRB-
2	particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts -RRB-
2	particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts
2	for JFK conspiracy nuts
1	JFK conspiracy nuts
2	conspiracy nuts
3	Barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile
2	Barry 's cold-fish act
2	Barry 's
2	cold-fish act
3	makes the experience worthwhile
3	the experience worthwhile
2	the experience
3	They 're just a couple of cops in Copmovieland , these two , but in Narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood .
2	They 're just a couple of cops in Copmovieland , these two , but in Narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood
2	They 're just a couple of cops in Copmovieland , these two , but
2	They 're just a couple of cops in Copmovieland , these two ,
2	They 're just a couple of cops in Copmovieland , these two
1	're just a couple of cops in Copmovieland , these two
2	're just
2	a couple of cops in Copmovieland , these two
2	a couple
2	of cops in Copmovieland , these two
2	cops in Copmovieland , these two
2	in Copmovieland , these two
2	Copmovieland , these two
2	Copmovieland ,
2	these two
3	in Narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood
2	in Narc
3	, they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood
3	they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood
2	find new routes through a familiar neighborhood
2	find new routes
2	new routes
2	through a familiar neighborhood
2	a familiar neighborhood
2	familiar neighborhood
2	Brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women 's depression .
3	Brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women 's depression
3	Brings awareness to an issue often overlooked --
4	Brings awareness to an issue often overlooked
3	Brings awareness to an issue
3	Brings awareness
2	to an issue
2	an issue
2	often overlooked
2	women 's depression
1	's depression
1	It 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
1	's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
2	's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5
1	a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5
1	a shame
3	the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5
3	the marvelous first 101 minutes
3	marvelous first 101 minutes
4	marvelous first 101
3	marvelous first
2	have to be combined with the misconceived final 5
2	to be combined with the misconceived final 5
2	be combined with the misconceived final 5
1	combined with the misconceived final 5
2	with the misconceived final 5
3	the misconceived final 5
1	misconceived final 5
1	misconceived final
3	It has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame .
2	has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame .
2	has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame
3	has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but
3	has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care ,
2	has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care
2	a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care
3	a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance ,
3	a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance
3	caffeinated , sloppy brilliance
0	caffeinated , sloppy
0	, sloppy
3	sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care
3	sparkling with ideas
2	with ideas
0	you wish had been developed with more care
1	wish had been developed with more care
3	had been developed with more care
1	been developed with more care
3	developed with more care
2	with more care
2	more care
3	animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame
3	animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers
3	by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers
3	an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers
2	an energy
2	that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers
3	puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers
2	the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers
2	the dutiful efforts
2	dutiful efforts
2	of more disciplined grade-grubbers
1	more disciplined grade-grubbers
2	more disciplined
2	to shame
3	You can almost see Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good . '
4	can almost see Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good . '
4	can almost see Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good .
3	can almost see Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good
2	can almost
3	see Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good
3	Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good
2	Mendes and company
2	Mendes and
3	getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good
2	getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively
2	getting together before a single frame had been shot and
2	getting together before a single frame had been shot
2	getting together
2	before a single frame had been shot
2	a single frame had been shot
2	a single frame
2	single frame
2	had been shot
1	been shot
3	vowing , ` This is going to be something really good
3	vowing , `
3	vowing ,
3	This is going to be something really good
3	is going to be something really good
3	going to be something really good
3	to be something really good
3	be something really good
4	something really good
4	really good
3	And it is .
2	it is .
2	is .
4	Foster and Whitaker are especially fine .
2	Foster and Whitaker
2	Foster and
3	are especially fine .
3	are especially fine
4	especially fine
3	She is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew .
2	She is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew
3	She is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain ,
3	She is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain
3	She is a lioness ,
3	She is a lioness
2	is a lioness
2	a lioness
2	protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain
2	protecting her cub , and
2	protecting her cub ,
2	protecting her cub
2	her cub
2	he a reluctant villain
2	a reluctant villain
2	reluctant villain
1	incapable of controlling his crew
2	of controlling his crew
2	controlling his crew
2	his crew
3	Undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos .
2	the scariest movie ever made about tattoos .
3	the scariest movie
3	scariest movie
2	ever made about tattoos .
2	ever made about tattoos
2	made about tattoos
3	about tattoos
2	A movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you do n't want to be .
3	A movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you do n't
2	A movie
3	that will wear you out and make you misty even when you do n't
3	will wear you out and make you misty even when you do n't
3	wear you out and make you misty even when you do n't
1	wear you out and
1	wear you out
2	wear you
3	make you misty even when you do n't
3	you misty even when you do n't
2	misty even when you do n't
2	even when you do n't
2	when you do n't
2	you do n't
2	do n't
2	want to be .
2	want to be
2	to be
4	Not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
3	Not only better than its predecessor
3	Not only better
2	Not only
2	than its predecessor
2	its predecessor
4	, it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
4	it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
4	may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
4	may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season
4	rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season
4	as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season
4	the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season
3	the most magical and most fun family fare
4	most magical and most fun family fare
3	most magical and most
4	most magical and
4	most magical
4	fun family fare
2	family fare
2	of this or any recent holiday season
2	this or any recent holiday season
2	this or
2	any recent holiday season
2	recent holiday season
2	holiday season
3	Though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
1	Though the story ... is hackneyed
1	the story ... is hackneyed
2	the story
2	... is hackneyed
2	is hackneyed
4	, the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
4	the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
2	the characters
4	have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
3	have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament
2	a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament
3	a freshness and modesty
3	freshness and modesty
3	freshness and
2	that transcends their predicament
3	transcends their predicament
2	their predicament
3	Although Frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work .
2	Although Frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution
3	Frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution
3	fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution
3	fits into a classic genre ,
3	fits into a classic genre
3	into a classic genre
3	a classic genre
2	classic genre
2	in its script and execution
3	its script and execution
2	script and execution
2	script and
3	it is a remarkably original work .
4	is a remarkably original work .
3	is a remarkably original work
4	a remarkably original work
3	remarkably original work
4	remarkably original
2	If this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative .
2	If this movie leaves you cool
1	this movie leaves you cool
2	this movie
3	leaves you cool
2	you cool
3	, it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative .
3	it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative .
3	also leaves you intriguingly contemplative .
3	leaves you intriguingly contemplative .
3	leaves you intriguingly contemplative
2	you intriguingly contemplative
3	intriguingly contemplative
2	The climactic events are so well realized that you may forget all about the original conflict , just like the movie does
2	The climactic events
2	climactic events
3	are so well realized that you may forget all about the original conflict , just like the movie does
3	are so well
3	so well
2	realized that you may forget all about the original conflict , just like the movie does
2	that you may forget all about the original conflict , just like the movie does
1	you may forget all about the original conflict , just like the movie does
2	may forget all about the original conflict , just like the movie does
2	forget all about the original conflict , just like the movie does
2	forget all about the original conflict ,
2	forget all about the original conflict
2	all about the original conflict
2	about the original conflict
2	the original conflict
2	original conflict
2	just like the movie does
2	like the movie does
2	the movie does
2	the movie
1	A rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television .
1	A rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool
1	A rude black comedy
1	rude black comedy
2	black comedy
2	about the catalytic effect a holy fool
2	the catalytic effect a holy fool
2	the catalytic effect
2	catalytic effect
1	a holy fool
2	holy fool
2	has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television .
2	has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television
2	upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television
2	those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television
2	those around him
2	around him
2	in the cutthroat world of children 's television
2	the cutthroat world of children 's television
2	the cutthroat world
2	cutthroat world
2	of children 's television
2	children 's television
2	children 's
0	All comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .
0	All comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad
2	All comedy is subversive , but
3	All comedy is subversive ,
2	All comedy is subversive
3	All comedy
2	is subversive
2	this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad
1	this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work
1	this unrelenting bleak insistence
1	unrelenting bleak insistence
2	bleak insistence
3	on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work
2	opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work
2	opting out
3	of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work
2	any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work
2	any opportunity
3	for finding meaning in relationships or work
2	finding meaning in relationships or work
3	meaning in relationships or work
2	in relationships or work
2	relationships or work
2	relationships or
1	just becomes sad
2	becomes sad
4	If a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
2	If a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb
2	a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb
2	a horror movie 's primary goal
2	a horror movie 's
2	horror movie 's
2	movie 's
2	primary goal
1	is to frighten and disturb
2	to frighten and disturb
2	frighten and disturb
1	frighten and
4	, then They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
4	then They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
4	They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
4	works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
4	works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride
3	works spectacularly well ...
3	works spectacularly well
4	spectacularly well
2	A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride
2	A shiver-inducing ,
3	A shiver-inducing
2	nerve-rattling ride
3	A playful Iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .
3	A playful Iranian parable about openness , particularly the
3	A playful Iranian parable
3	playful Iranian parable
2	Iranian parable
3	about openness , particularly the
2	openness , particularly the
3	openness ,
2	particularly the
2	need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .
2	need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences
2	need for people of diverse political perspectives
2	for people of diverse political perspectives
2	people of diverse political perspectives
3	of diverse political perspectives
2	diverse political perspectives
2	political perspectives
2	to get along despite their ideological differences
2	get along despite their ideological differences
2	get along
2	despite their ideological differences
2	their ideological differences
2	ideological differences
4	Brilliantly written and well-acted , Yellow Asphalt is an uncompromising film .
4	Brilliantly written and well-acted
4	Brilliantly written and
4	Brilliantly written
3	, Yellow Asphalt is an uncompromising film .
4	Yellow Asphalt is an uncompromising film .
2	Yellow Asphalt
3	is an uncompromising film .
3	is an uncompromising film
3	an uncompromising film
3	uncompromising film
3	That ` Alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of Witherspoon -LRB- who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate -RRB- ...
3	That ` Alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of Witherspoon -LRB- who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate -RRB-
3	That ` Alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and
3	That ` Alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability
2	That ` Alabama '
2	` Alabama '
2	Alabama '
3	manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability
3	to be pleasant in spite of its predictability
3	be pleasant in spite of its predictability
3	pleasant in spite of its predictability
1	in spite of its predictability
2	spite of its predictability
2	of its predictability
1	its predictability
2	occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of Witherspoon -LRB- who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate -RRB-
1	occasional slowness
3	is due primarily to the perkiness of Witherspoon -LRB- who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate -RRB-
2	is due primarily
2	is due
3	to the perkiness of Witherspoon -LRB- who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate -RRB-
4	the perkiness of Witherspoon -LRB- who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate -RRB-
3	the perkiness of Witherspoon
3	the perkiness
2	of Witherspoon
3	-LRB- who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate -RRB-
3	who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate -RRB-
3	who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate
3	is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate
2	is always
3	a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate
3	joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate
2	to watch , even when her material is not first-rate
2	watch , even when her material is not first-rate
2	watch , even
2	watch ,
1	when her material is not first-rate
1	her material is not first-rate
2	her material
1	is not first-rate
1	is not
2	Personal Velocity has a no-frills docu-Dogma plainness , yet Miller lingers on invisible , nearly psychic nuances , leaping into digressions of memory and desire .
2	Personal Velocity has a no-frills docu-Dogma plainness , yet Miller lingers on invisible , nearly psychic nuances , leaping into digressions of memory and desire
1	Personal Velocity has a no-frills docu-Dogma plainness , yet
1	Personal Velocity has a no-frills docu-Dogma plainness ,
1	Personal Velocity has a no-frills docu-Dogma plainness
3	Personal Velocity
1	has a no-frills docu-Dogma plainness
2	a no-frills docu-Dogma plainness
1	no-frills docu-Dogma plainness
1	docu-Dogma plainness
2	Miller lingers on invisible , nearly psychic nuances , leaping into digressions of memory and desire
2	lingers on invisible , nearly psychic nuances , leaping into digressions of memory and desire
3	on invisible , nearly psychic nuances , leaping into digressions of memory and desire
4	invisible , nearly psychic nuances , leaping into digressions of memory and desire
2	invisible , nearly psychic nuances ,
2	invisible , nearly psychic nuances
1	, nearly psychic nuances
2	nearly psychic nuances
2	psychic nuances
2	leaping into digressions of memory and desire
2	into digressions of memory and desire
2	digressions of memory and desire
2	of memory and desire
2	memory and desire
2	memory and
3	She boxes these women 's souls right open for us .
3	boxes these women 's souls right open for us .
3	boxes these women 's souls right open for us
2	boxes these women 's souls right open
3	these women 's souls right open
2	these women 's souls
3	these women 's
2	women 's
2	right open
3	for us
4	A fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote Shakespeare 's plays .
3	A fascinating literary mystery story with multiple
4	A fascinating literary mystery story
4	fascinating literary mystery story
2	literary mystery story
2	mystery story
2	with multiple
2	strands about the controversy of who really wrote Shakespeare 's plays .
2	strands about the controversy of who really wrote Shakespeare 's plays
2	about the controversy of who really wrote Shakespeare 's plays
2	the controversy of who really wrote Shakespeare 's plays
2	the controversy
2	of who really wrote Shakespeare 's plays
2	who really wrote Shakespeare 's plays
2	really wrote Shakespeare 's plays
2	wrote Shakespeare 's plays
2	Shakespeare 's plays
2	Shakespeare 's
3	Throughout , Mr. Audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .
3	, Mr. Audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .
4	Mr. Audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .
2	Mr. Audiard 's direction
2	Mr. Audiard 's
2	Audiard 's
2	is fluid and quick .
3	is fluid and quick
2	fluid and quick
2	fluid and
3	A dashing and absorbing outing with one of France 's most inventive directors .
4	A dashing and absorbing outing with one of France 's most inventive directors
3	A dashing and absorbing
3	dashing and absorbing
2	dashing and
3	outing with one of France 's most inventive directors
4	with one of France 's most inventive directors
4	one of France 's most inventive directors
3	of France 's most inventive directors
4	France 's most inventive directors
2	France 's
3	most inventive directors
3	inventive directors
3	It 's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .
3	's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .
3	's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance
3	a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance
3	a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie ,
4	a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie
4	fine , old-fashioned-movie movie
3	, old-fashioned-movie movie
3	old-fashioned-movie movie
2	which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance
2	is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance
2	to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance
2	say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance
4	it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance
3	's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance
3	unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance
2	unburdened by pretensions
2	by pretensions
4	to great artistic significance
4	great artistic significance
3	artistic significance
3	... flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .
4	flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .
4	flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags
4	flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply
4	flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and
4	flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue
4	flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters ,
4	flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters
4	flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast ,
4	flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous
3	flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and
3	flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing
4	flat-out amusing ,
4	flat-out amusing
3	sometimes endearing
2	often fabulous
3	, with a solid cast ,
3	with a solid cast ,
2	with a solid cast
4	a solid cast
3	solid cast
3	noteworthy characters
3	delicious dialogue
2	a wide supply
2	wide supply
2	of effective sight gags
2	effective sight gags
1	sight gags
4	The Trials of Henry Kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it .
2	The Trials of Henry Kissinger
2	The Trials
2	of Henry Kissinger
2	Henry Kissinger
4	is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it .
4	is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it
4	is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ...
4	is a remarkable piece of filmmaking
4	a remarkable piece of filmmaking
4	a remarkable piece
4	remarkable piece
2	of filmmaking
2	because you get it
2	you get it
3	get it
2	Nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you .
3	clears the cynicism right out of you .
3	clears the cynicism right out of you
3	the cynicism right out of you
2	the cynicism
2	right out of you
2	out of you
2	of you
4	He makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .
3	makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .
3	makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty
3	you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty
3	realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty
3	that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty
3	deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty
3	deep inside righteousness
3	inside righteousness
2	can be found a tough beauty
3	be found a tough beauty
3	found a tough beauty
2	a tough beauty
3	tough beauty
3	What it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .
2	What it lacks in substance
1	it lacks in substance
0	lacks in substance
2	in substance
3	it makes up for in heart .
3	makes up for in heart .
3	makes up for in heart
2	makes up
2	for in heart
2	in heart
3	Robert Harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows .
3	Robert Harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows
3	Robert Harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills --
3	Robert Harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills
3	Robert Harmon 's less-is-more approach
2	Robert Harmon 's
2	Harmon 's
3	less-is-more approach
3	delivers real bump-in - the-night chills
3	real bump-in - the-night chills
2	real bump-in -
2	real bump-in
2	the-night chills
3	his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows
4	his greatest triumph
4	greatest triumph
2	is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows
2	keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows
2	the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows
2	the creepy crawlies
1	creepy crawlies
2	hidden in the film 's thick shadows
2	in the film 's thick shadows
2	the film 's thick shadows
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	thick shadows
2	With its hint of an awkward Hitchcockian theme in tact , Harmon 's daunting narrative promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and pathos to support the scattershot terrorizing tone
2	With its hint of an awkward Hitchcockian theme in tact
2	its hint of an awkward Hitchcockian theme in tact
2	its hint
1	of an awkward Hitchcockian theme in tact
2	an awkward Hitchcockian theme in tact
1	an awkward Hitchcockian theme
1	awkward Hitchcockian theme
3	Hitchcockian theme
3	in tact
2	, Harmon 's daunting narrative promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and pathos to support the scattershot terrorizing tone
2	Harmon 's daunting narrative promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and pathos to support the scattershot terrorizing tone
2	Harmon 's daunting narrative
2	Harmon 's
2	daunting narrative
2	promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and pathos to support the scattershot terrorizing tone
3	promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and
3	promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict
2	a reasonable landscape of conflict
2	a reasonable landscape
2	reasonable landscape
2	of conflict
1	pathos to support the scattershot terrorizing tone
2	to support the scattershot terrorizing tone
2	support the scattershot terrorizing tone
2	the scattershot terrorizing tone
2	scattershot terrorizing tone
1	terrorizing tone
3	In Auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
3	In Auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance
3	Auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance
2	Auteil 's
2	less dramatic but equally incisive performance
2	less dramatic but equally incisive
2	less dramatic but
2	less dramatic
2	equally incisive
3	, he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
3	he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
3	's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
3	's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer
3	a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer
3	a charismatic charmer
4	charismatic charmer
3	likely to seduce and conquer
3	to seduce and conquer
3	seduce and conquer
3	seduce and
3	The heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .
3	The heart of the film
2	The heart
2	of the film
2	the film
3	is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .
4	is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death
3	a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death
3	a touching reflection
3	touching reflection
2	on aging , suffering and the prospect of death
1	aging , suffering and the prospect of death
2	aging , suffering and
1	aging , suffering
2	aging ,
2	the prospect of death
2	the prospect
1	of death
2	Will you go ape over this movie ?
2	Will you go ape over this movie
2	Will you
4	go ape over this movie
3	go ape
2	over this movie
2	this movie
3	Well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look .
2	Well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look
1	Well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but
1	Well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises ,
1	Well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
1	, it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
1	it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
1	probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
1	wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
2	wo n't
4	have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
3	you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
4	swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
2	from the trees hooting it 's praises
3	the trees hooting it 's praises
2	the trees
3	hooting it 's praises
2	it 's praises
2	's praises
4	it 's definitely worth taking a look
3	's definitely worth taking a look
3	's definitely worth
2	's definitely
2	taking a look
2	a look
3	Its director 's most substantial feature for some time .
2	Its director
3	's most substantial feature for some time .
3	's most substantial feature for some time
4	most substantial feature for some time
2	most substantial feature
2	most substantial
2	for some time
2	some time
4	Fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
4	Fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera ,
3	Fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera
2	Fontaine 's direction ,
2	Fontaine 's direction
2	Fontaine 's
3	especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera
3	her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera
2	her agreeably startling use of close-ups and
3	her agreeably startling use of close-ups
3	her agreeably startling use
2	agreeably startling use
3	agreeably startling
2	of close-ups
3	her grace with a moving camera
3	her grace
2	with a moving camera
2	a moving camera
2	moving camera
3	creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
3	creates sheerly cinematic appeal
3	sheerly cinematic appeal
3	cinematic appeal
4	The Son Of The Bride 's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
2	The Son
4	Of The Bride 's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
2	Of The Bride 's humour
2	The Bride 's humour
2	The Bride 's
2	Bride 's
3	is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
3	is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues
3	born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues
2	born out
3	of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues
4	an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues
4	an engaging storyline ,
3	an engaging storyline
4	engaging storyline
3	which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues
3	also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues
3	is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues
1	is n't
2	embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues
2	to make you reach for the tissues
3	make you reach for the tissues
2	you reach for the tissues
2	reach for the tissues
2	for the tissues
2	the tissues
4	This movie is to be cherished .
2	This movie
3	is to be cherished .
4	is to be cherished
3	to be cherished
3	be cherished
2	... a visually seductive , unrepentantly trashy take on Rice 's second installment of her Vampire Chronicles .
2	a visually seductive , unrepentantly trashy take on Rice 's second installment of her Vampire Chronicles .
3	a visually seductive
3	visually seductive
1	, unrepentantly trashy take on Rice 's second installment of her Vampire Chronicles .
1	unrepentantly trashy take on Rice 's second installment of her Vampire Chronicles .
0	unrepentantly trashy
2	take on Rice 's second installment of her Vampire Chronicles .
2	take on Rice 's second installment of her Vampire Chronicles
2	on Rice 's second installment of her Vampire Chronicles
2	Rice 's second installment of her Vampire Chronicles
2	Rice 's second installment
2	Rice 's
2	second installment
2	of her Vampire Chronicles
2	her Vampire Chronicles
2	Vampire Chronicles
4	The story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and Mr. Day-Lewis roars with leonine power .
3	The story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and Mr. Day-Lewis roars with leonine power
4	The story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and
4	The story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing ,
3	The story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing
3	The story 's scope and pageantry
2	The story 's
2	story 's
2	scope and pageantry
3	scope and
3	are mesmerizing
3	Mr. Day-Lewis roars with leonine power
2	Mr. Day-Lewis
3	roars with leonine power
3	with leonine power
4	leonine power
4	P.T. Anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .
3	P.T. Anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible
3	P.T. Anderson understands the grandness of romance and
3	P.T. Anderson understands the grandness of romance
2	P.T. Anderson
4	understands the grandness of romance
3	the grandness of romance
3	the grandness
2	of romance
4	how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible
3	how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew
3	love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew
3	is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew
3	the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew
2	the great equalizer
3	great equalizer
3	that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew
2	can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew
3	calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew
2	calm us of our daily ills and
2	calm us of our daily ills
2	calm us
2	of our daily ills
2	our daily ills
2	daily ills
4	bring out joys in our lives that we never knew
3	bring out joys in our lives
2	bring out
3	joys in our lives
2	in our lives
2	our lives
2	that we never knew
2	we never knew
2	never knew
2	were possible
4	Twenty years later , E.T. is still a cinematic touchstone .
2	Twenty years later
2	Twenty years
4	, E.T. is still a cinematic touchstone .
3	E.T. is still a cinematic touchstone .
3	is still a cinematic touchstone .
3	is still a cinematic touchstone
2	is still
3	a cinematic touchstone
3	cinematic touchstone
3	This fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air .
4	This fascinating experiment
4	fascinating experiment
3	plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air .
3	plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air
3	as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air
3	more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air
3	more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice
3	more of a poetic than a strict reality ,
2	more of a poetic than a strict reality
2	more of a poetic
3	of a poetic
3	a poetic
2	than a strict reality
3	a strict reality
2	strict reality
3	creating an intriguing species of artifice
3	an intriguing species of artifice
3	an intriguing species
3	intriguing species
2	of artifice
2	that gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air
3	gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air
3	The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air
2	The Lady and
2	The Lady
2	the Duke something of a theatrical air
2	the Duke something
2	Duke something
2	of a theatrical air
2	a theatrical air
2	theatrical air
1	It 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .
1	's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .
0	's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters
2	's virtually impossible
1	virtually impossible
1	to like any of these despicable characters
1	like any of these despicable characters
1	any of these despicable characters
1	of these despicable characters
2	these despicable characters
1	despicable characters
2	This is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be .
3	is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be .
2	is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be
2	is mostly
2	well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be
2	well-constructed fluff ,
2	well-constructed fluff
2	which is all it seems intended to be
2	is all it seems intended to be
2	all it seems intended to be
2	it seems intended to be
2	seems intended to be
2	intended to be
2	to be
3	Even through its flaws , Revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .
3	Even through its flaws , Revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling
3	through its flaws , Revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling
2	through its flaws
1	its flaws
3	, Revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling
3	Revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling
2	Revolution # 9
2	# 9
4	proves to be a compelling
3	to be a compelling
2	be a compelling
3	a compelling
3	, interestingly told film .
2	interestingly told film .
2	told film .
2	told film
2	The best way to describe it is as a cross between Paul Thomas Anderson 's Magnolia and David Lynch 's Mulholland Dr.
3	The best way
3	best way
2	to describe it is as a cross between Paul Thomas Anderson 's Magnolia and David Lynch 's Mulholland Dr.
3	describe it is as a cross between Paul Thomas Anderson 's Magnolia and David Lynch 's Mulholland Dr.
2	it is as a cross between Paul Thomas Anderson 's Magnolia and David Lynch 's Mulholland Dr.
2	is as a cross between Paul Thomas Anderson 's Magnolia and David Lynch 's Mulholland Dr.
2	as a cross between Paul Thomas Anderson 's Magnolia and David Lynch 's Mulholland Dr.
2	a cross between Paul Thomas Anderson 's Magnolia and David Lynch 's Mulholland Dr.
3	a cross
2	between Paul Thomas Anderson 's Magnolia and David Lynch 's Mulholland Dr.
2	Paul Thomas Anderson 's Magnolia and David Lynch 's Mulholland Dr.
2	Paul Thomas Anderson 's Magnolia and
2	Paul Thomas Anderson 's Magnolia
2	Paul Thomas Anderson 's
2	Thomas Anderson 's
2	Anderson 's
2	David Lynch 's Mulholland Dr.
2	David Lynch 's
2	Lynch 's
2	Mulholland Dr.
4	Schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB- , has succeeded beyond all expectation .
3	Schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB- ,
2	Schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB-
2	Schepisi ,
3	aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB-
3	by a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB-
4	a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB-
2	a cast
2	that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB-
3	seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB-
1	to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB-
3	include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB-
2	every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB-
4	every top-notch British actor
4	top-notch British actor
2	British actor
2	who did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB-
2	did not appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB-
2	did not
2	appear in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB-
2	in Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB-
2	Gosford Park -LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB-
2	Gosford Park
2	-LRB- as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB-
2	as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did -RRB-
2	as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did
2	as well
2	as one , Ms. Mirren , who did
2	one , Ms. Mirren , who did
2	one , Ms. Mirren ,
2	one , Ms. Mirren
2	one ,
2	Ms. Mirren
2	who did
4	has succeeded beyond all expectation .
4	has succeeded beyond all expectation
4	succeeded beyond all expectation
3	beyond all expectation
2	all expectation
3	Watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that Hitchens ' obsession with Kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
2	Watching this film
2	this film
2	, one is left with the inescapable conclusion that Hitchens ' obsession with Kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
2	one is left with the inescapable conclusion that Hitchens ' obsession with Kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
2	is left with the inescapable conclusion that Hitchens ' obsession with Kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
3	is left with the inescapable conclusion that Hitchens ' obsession with Kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power
2	left with the inescapable conclusion that Hitchens ' obsession with Kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power
2	left with the inescapable conclusion
3	with the inescapable conclusion
2	the inescapable conclusion
2	inescapable conclusion
3	that Hitchens ' obsession with Kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power
3	Hitchens ' obsession with Kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power
2	Hitchens ' obsession with Kissinger
2	Hitchens ' obsession
2	Hitchens '
2	with Kissinger
3	is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power
2	is , at bottom ,
2	is , at bottom
2	is ,
2	at bottom
2	a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power
3	a sophisticated flower child 's
2	sophisticated flower child 's
2	flower child 's
2	child 's
2	desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power
2	to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power
2	purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power
2	the world of the tooth and claw of human power
2	the world
3	of the tooth and claw of human power
3	the tooth and claw of human power
2	the tooth and claw
2	tooth and claw
2	tooth and
2	of human power
3	human power
3	There is no denying the power of Polanski 's film ...
4	is no denying the power of Polanski 's film ...
3	is no denying the power of Polanski 's film
3	no denying the power of Polanski 's film
2	denying the power of Polanski 's film
3	the power of Polanski 's film
3	the power
2	of Polanski 's film
2	Polanski 's film
2	Polanski 's
3	The movie is amateurish , but it 's a minor treat .
2	The movie is amateurish , but it 's a minor treat
1	The movie is amateurish , but
1	The movie is amateurish ,
1	The movie is amateurish
2	The movie
1	is amateurish
2	it 's a minor treat
3	's a minor treat
3	a minor treat
2	minor treat
3	This charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .
3	This charming but slight tale
3	charming but slight tale
3	charming but slight
2	charming but
4	has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .
4	has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed
3	warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed
3	warmth , wit and interesting characters
3	, wit and interesting characters
3	wit and interesting characters
3	and interesting characters
3	interesting characters
3	compassionately portrayed
3	Offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .
3	Offers a persuasive
3	a persuasive
2	look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .
2	look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux
2	at a defeated but defiant nation in flux
2	a defeated but defiant nation in flux
2	a defeated but defiant nation
2	defeated but defiant nation
2	defeated but defiant
2	defeated but
2	in flux
4	A return to pure Disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .
3	A return to pure Disney
2	A return
2	to pure Disney
3	pure Disney
4	magic and is enjoyable family fare .
3	magic and is enjoyable family fare
2	magic and
3	is enjoyable family fare
4	enjoyable family fare
4	enjoyable family
3	Takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .
4	Takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze
4	Takes a fresh and absorbing look
4	a fresh and absorbing look
3	fresh and absorbing look
4	fresh and absorbing
4	fresh and
2	at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze
2	a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze
2	a figure
3	whose legacy had begun to bronze
2	whose legacy
2	had begun to bronze
2	begun to bronze
2	to bronze
4	A triumph of pure craft and passionate heart .
4	A triumph of pure craft and passionate heart
4	A triumph
4	of pure craft and passionate heart
3	pure craft and passionate heart
3	pure craft and
3	pure craft
3	passionate heart
4	Gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .
3	Gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
2	Gosling creates
3	a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
4	a staggeringly compelling character ,
4	a staggeringly compelling character
3	staggeringly compelling character
4	compelling character
2	a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
2	a young man
2	young man
2	whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
3	whose sharp intellect
3	whose sharp
2	is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
1	at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
2	the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
2	the very root
2	very root
0	of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
1	his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
1	contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
1	, self-hating , self-destructive ways
1	self-hating , self-destructive ways
2	, self-destructive ways
2	self-destructive ways
4	Witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .
3	Witty and often surprising
3	Witty and
3	often surprising
3	, a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .
2	a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .
2	a dark little morality tale
3	dark little morality tale
3	little morality tale
3	morality tale
2	disguised as a romantic comedy .
2	disguised as a romantic comedy
2	as a romantic comedy
3	a romantic comedy
2	romantic comedy
3	Even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , Scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .
3	Even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators
3	as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators
3	it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators
3	pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators
3	pays earnest homage to turntablists and
3	pays earnest homage to turntablists
2	pays earnest homage
3	earnest homage
2	to turntablists
2	beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators
2	jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators
2	jugglers , old schoolers and
2	jugglers , old schoolers
2	jugglers ,
2	old schoolers
3	current innovators
3	, Scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .
4	Scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .
4	is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .
4	is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting
4	great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting
3	great fun ,
4	great fun
3	full of the kind of energy it 's documenting
2	of the kind of energy it 's documenting
3	the kind of energy it 's documenting
2	the kind
2	of energy it 's documenting
3	energy it 's documenting
2	it 's documenting
2	's documenting
2	Got a David Lynch jones ?
2	Got a David Lynch jones
2	Got a David Lynch
2	a David Lynch
2	David Lynch
3	Then you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up Twin Peaks action ...
3	you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up Twin Peaks action ...
3	'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up Twin Peaks action ...
3	'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up Twin Peaks action
3	do well to check this one out because it 's straight up Twin Peaks action
3	do well to check this one out
2	do well
3	to check this one out
3	check this one out
2	check this one
2	this one
2	because it 's straight up Twin Peaks action
2	it 's straight up Twin Peaks action
2	's straight up Twin Peaks action
2	's straight
2	up Twin Peaks action
2	Twin Peaks action
2	Peaks action
4	Astonishing ... -LRB- frames -RRB- profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .
3	Astonishing ... -LRB- frames -RRB- profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment
3	Astonishing ...
3	-LRB- frames -RRB- profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment
4	frames -RRB- profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment
3	-RRB- profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment
4	profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment
3	profound ethical and philosophical questions
2	ethical and philosophical questions
3	ethical and philosophical
2	ethical and
3	in the form of dazzling pop entertainment
3	the form of dazzling pop entertainment
2	the form
4	of dazzling pop entertainment
3	dazzling pop entertainment
2	pop entertainment
1	Take Care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length .
2	Take Care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length
2	Take Care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but
3	Take Care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses ,
4	Take Care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses
2	Take Care
4	is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses
3	is nicely
2	performed by a quintet of actresses
2	by a quintet of actresses
2	a quintet of actresses
2	a quintet
2	of actresses
1	nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length
0	it drags during its 112-minute length
0	drags during its 112-minute length
2	during its 112-minute length
1	its 112-minute length
2	112-minute length
2	It 's hard to fairly judge a film like RINGU when you 've seen the remake first .
2	's hard to fairly judge a film like RINGU when you 've seen the remake first .
2	's hard to fairly judge a film like RINGU when you 've seen the remake first
2	hard to fairly judge a film like RINGU when you 've seen the remake first
2	to fairly judge a film like RINGU when you 've seen the remake first
2	fairly judge a film like RINGU when you 've seen the remake first
2	judge a film like RINGU when you 've seen the remake first
2	a film like RINGU when you 've seen the remake first
2	a film like RINGU
2	a film
2	like RINGU
2	when you 've seen the remake first
2	you 've seen the remake first
2	've seen the remake first
2	seen the remake first
2	seen the remake
2	the remake
2	Many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , -LRB- yet -RRB- are worthwhile .
1	Many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , -LRB- yet -RRB-
1	of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , -LRB- yet -RRB-
1	the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , -LRB- yet -RRB-
2	the effective horror
3	effective horror
1	elements are dampened through familiarity , -LRB- yet -RRB-
2	are dampened through familiarity , -LRB- yet -RRB-
2	dampened through familiarity , -LRB- yet -RRB-
1	dampened through familiarity ,
2	dampened through familiarity
1	dampened through
2	-LRB- yet -RRB-
2	yet -RRB-
3	are worthwhile .
3	are worthwhile
4	One of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .
4	One of the very best movies
4	of the very best movies
4	the very best movies
3	very best movies
4	very best
2	ever made about the life of moviemaking .
2	made about the life of moviemaking .
2	made about the life of moviemaking
2	about the life of moviemaking
2	the life of moviemaking
2	the life
2	of moviemaking
3	Rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .
2	does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .
3	does such high-profile talent serve such literate material
3	such high-profile talent serve such literate material
4	such high-profile talent
4	high-profile talent
2	serve such literate material
2	such literate material
3	literate material
3	An elegant and sly deadpan comedy .
4	An elegant and sly deadpan
3	elegant and sly deadpan
3	elegant and sly
3	elegant and
2	comedy .
4	The way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of Gator-bashing are consistently delightful .
3	The way
3	the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of Gator-bashing are consistently delightful .
2	the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of Gator-bashing
2	the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and
2	the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships
2	the roundelay of partners functions , and
2	the roundelay of partners functions ,
2	the roundelay of partners functions
2	the roundelay
2	of partners functions
2	partners functions
2	the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships
2	the interplay
2	within partnerships and among partnerships
2	within partnerships and
2	within partnerships
2	among partnerships
2	the general air of Gator-bashing
2	the general air
2	general air
2	of Gator-bashing
3	are consistently delightful .
4	are consistently delightful
2	are consistently
3	Land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .
2	Land , people and narrative flow
2	, people and narrative flow
2	people and narrative flow
3	and narrative flow
2	narrative flow
2	together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .
3	together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire
2	in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire
3	a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire
3	a stark portrait
2	stark portrait
3	of motherhood deferred and desire
2	motherhood deferred and desire
3	deferred and desire
2	deferred and
2	explored .
3	` Blue Crush ' swims away with the Sleeper Movie of the Summer award .
2	Blue Crush ' swims away with the Sleeper Movie of the Summer award .
2	Blue Crush
3	' swims away with the Sleeper Movie of the Summer award .
2	swims away with the Sleeper Movie of the Summer award .
1	swims away with the Sleeper Movie of the Summer award
2	swims away
2	with the Sleeper Movie of the Summer award
2	the Sleeper Movie of the Summer award
2	the Sleeper Movie
2	Sleeper Movie
2	of the Summer award
2	the Summer award
2	Summer award
4	You 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it .
3	You 're not merely watching history
3	're not merely watching history
2	're not merely
2	're not
2	watching history
4	, you 're engulfed by it .
3	you 're engulfed by it .
4	're engulfed by it .
2	're engulfed by it
2	engulfed by it
2	by it
2	A chick flick for guys .
2	A chick
2	flick for guys .
2	flick for guys
2	for guys
3	It 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity .
2	's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity .
2	's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity
2	's mildly entertaining , especially
3	's mildly entertaining ,
3	's mildly entertaining
3	mildly entertaining
3	if you find comfort in familiarity
3	you find comfort in familiarity
3	find comfort in familiarity
3	comfort in familiarity
2	in familiarity
1	But it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .
1	it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .
1	's hardly a necessary enterprise .
2	's hardly a necessary enterprise
2	's hardly
2	a necessary enterprise
2	necessary enterprise
1	The Quiet American is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
2	The Quiet American is n't a bad film
2	The Quiet American
2	Quiet American
3	is n't a bad film
1	is n't
0	a bad film
0	bad film
1	, it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
2	it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
0	's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
0	's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar
1	just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar
2	just one
1	that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar
1	could easily wait for your pay per view dollar
2	could easily
1	wait for your pay per view dollar
2	for your pay per view dollar
2	your pay per view dollar
2	your pay
2	per view dollar
2	view dollar
2	As home movie gone haywire , it 's pretty enjoyable , but as sexual manifesto , I 'd rather listen to old Tori Amos records .
2	As home movie gone haywire , it 's pretty enjoyable , but as sexual manifesto , I 'd rather listen to old Tori Amos records
3	As home movie gone haywire , it 's pretty enjoyable , but
3	As home movie gone haywire , it 's pretty enjoyable ,
3	As home movie gone haywire , it 's pretty enjoyable
2	As home movie gone haywire
1	home movie gone haywire
2	home movie
2	gone haywire
2	, it 's pretty enjoyable
4	it 's pretty enjoyable
4	's pretty enjoyable
3	pretty enjoyable
1	as sexual manifesto , I 'd rather listen to old Tori Amos records
2	as sexual manifesto
2	sexual manifesto
1	, I 'd rather listen to old Tori Amos records
1	I 'd rather listen to old Tori Amos records
0	'd rather listen to old Tori Amos records
2	'd rather
2	listen to old Tori Amos records
2	to old Tori Amos records
2	old Tori Amos records
3	Tori Amos records
2	Amos records
3	In its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , Time Out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film .
1	In its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment
2	its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment
2	its treatment
2	of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment
2	the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment
1	the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process
1	dehumanizing and ego-destroying process
1	dehumanizing and ego-destroying
1	dehumanizing and
2	of unemployment
4	, Time Out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film .
3	Time Out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film .
1	Time Out
4	offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film .
4	offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film
3	an exploration that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film
2	an exploration
3	that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film
4	is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film
3	is more accurate than anything
3	more accurate than anything
2	accurate than anything
2	than anything
2	I have seen in an American film
2	have seen in an American film
2	seen in an American film
2	in an American film
2	an American film
2	American film
2	Like an episode of MTV 's Undressed , with 20 times the creativity but without any more substance ... indulgently entertaining but could have and should have been deeper .
2	Like an episode of MTV 's Undressed
2	an episode of MTV 's Undressed
2	an episode
2	of MTV 's Undressed
2	MTV 's Undressed
2	MTV 's
3	, with 20 times the creativity but without any more substance ... indulgently entertaining but could have and should have been deeper .
2	with 20 times the creativity but without any more substance ... indulgently entertaining but could have and should have been deeper .
3	with 20 times
2	20 times
2	the creativity but without any more substance ... indulgently entertaining but could have and should have been deeper .
3	the creativity but without any more substance ... indulgently entertaining
2	the creativity but without any more substance ...
3	the creativity
2	but without any more substance ...
1	without any more substance ...
2	without any more substance
2	any more substance
2	more substance
4	indulgently entertaining
1	but could have and should have been deeper .
1	but could have and should have been deeper
1	could have and should have been deeper
2	could have and
2	could have
1	should have been deeper
2	have been deeper
2	been deeper
4	A sensitive , cultivated treatment of Greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .
2	A sensitive , cultivated treatment of Greene
3	A sensitive , cultivated treatment
3	sensitive , cultivated treatment
2	, cultivated treatment
2	cultivated treatment
2	of Greene
3	's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .
3	's work as well as a remarkably faithful one
3	work as well as a remarkably faithful one
2	work as well as
2	as well as
2	well as
3	a remarkably faithful one
3	remarkably faithful one
2	remarkably faithful
3	It 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie .
3	It 's not just a feel-good movie
3	's not just a feel-good movie
2	's not just
2	's not
3	a feel-good movie
3	feel-good movie
2	, it 's a feel movie .
2	it 's a feel movie .
2	's a feel movie .
2	's a feel movie
3	a feel movie
2	feel movie
4	You feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did .
4	You feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did
2	You feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but
3	You feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off ,
2	You feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off
3	You feel good , you feel sad ,
3	You feel good , you feel sad
3	You feel good ,
4	You feel good
3	feel good
2	you feel sad
1	feel sad
1	you feel pissed off
1	feel pissed off
1	pissed off
3	in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did
2	in the end
2	the end
3	, you feel alive - which is what they did
4	you feel alive - which is what they did
3	feel alive - which is what they did
3	feel alive -
2	feel alive
2	which is what they did
2	is what they did
2	what they did
2	they did
3	It 's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
3	's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
3	's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety
3	a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety
2	a piece of handiwork
2	a piece
2	of handiwork
3	that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety
2	shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety
2	shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but
1	shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places ,
1	shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places
1	shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams
2	its indie tatters and self-conscious seams
1	indie tatters and self-conscious seams
2	tatters and self-conscious seams
1	and self-conscious seams
2	self-conscious seams
2	in places
3	has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety
3	some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety
3	quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety
3	moving moments and an intelligent subtlety
3	moments and an intelligent subtlety
2	moments and
2	an intelligent subtlety
3	intelligent subtlety
3	What makes Barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
3	What makes Barbershop so likable
3	makes Barbershop so likable
3	Barbershop so likable
3	so likable
2	, with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
1	with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
1	with all its flaws
1	all its flaws
1	its flaws
3	, is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
3	is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
2	is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies
3	that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies
2	it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies
3	has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies
3	none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies
3	of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies
2	the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies
1	the pushiness and decibel volume
1	pushiness and decibel volume
1	pushiness and decibel
2	pushiness and
2	of most contemporary comedies
2	most contemporary comedies
2	contemporary comedies
3	Watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat .
3	Watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint
3	Watching these two actors play
2	these two actors play
2	two actors play
2	actors play
2	against each other so intensely , but with restraint
3	each other so intensely , but with restraint
2	each other
3	so intensely , but with restraint
2	so intensely
1	, but with restraint
2	, but
2	with restraint
3	, is a treat .
4	is a treat .
4	is a treat
3	a treat
4	An example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .
3	An example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship
2	An example
4	of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship
4	quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship
3	quiet , confident craftsmanship
3	quiet , confident
3	, confident
3	that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship
4	tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship
4	a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship
4	a sweet , charming tale
3	sweet , charming tale
4	sweet , charming
3	, charming
3	of intergalactic friendship
2	intergalactic friendship
3	A meditation on faith and madness , Frailty is blood-curdling stuff .
3	A meditation on faith and madness
2	A meditation
2	on faith and madness
2	faith and madness
2	faith and
2	, Frailty is blood-curdling stuff .
2	Frailty is blood-curdling stuff .
2	is blood-curdling stuff .
3	is blood-curdling stuff
2	blood-curdling stuff
4	The production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .
2	The production design , score and choreography
2	production design , score and choreography
2	design , score and choreography
2	, score and choreography
2	score and choreography
2	score and
3	are simply intoxicating .
3	are simply intoxicating
2	are simply
4	A comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .
3	comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .
4	comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising
4	that is warm , inviting , and surprising
3	is warm , inviting , and surprising
4	warm , inviting , and surprising
4	warm , inviting , and
3	warm , inviting ,
3	warm , inviting
3	warm ,
4	So vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt .
3	So vivid a portrait of a woman
3	So vivid a portrait
3	So vivid
2	a portrait
2	of a woman
2	a woman
3	consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt .
3	consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt
2	consumed by lust and love and
3	consumed by lust and love
2	by lust and love
3	lust and love
2	lust and
2	crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt
2	crushed by betrayal
2	by betrayal
2	that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt
3	it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt
3	conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt
2	conjures up
3	the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt
3	the intoxicating fumes and
3	the intoxicating fumes
2	intoxicating fumes
3	emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt
2	emotional ghosts
4	of a freshly painted Rembrandt
3	a freshly painted Rembrandt
3	freshly painted Rembrandt
2	painted Rembrandt
1	Suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .
2	Suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits
2	Suspend your disbelief here and now , or
1	Suspend your disbelief here and now ,
2	Suspend your disbelief here and now
2	Suspend your disbelief
2	your disbelief
2	here and now
2	here and
1	you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits
2	'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits
0	be shaking your head all the way to the credits
1	shaking your head all the way to the credits
1	shaking your head
2	your head
3	all the way to the credits
3	all the way
2	the way
2	to the credits
2	the credits
2	Trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease .
1	Trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease
1	run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease
0	run-of-the-mill revulsion
1	for extreme unease
1	extreme unease
4	... one of the more influential works of the ` Korean New Wave ' .
4	one of the more influential works of the ` Korean New Wave ' .
3	one of the more influential works of the ` Korean New Wave '
3	one of the more influential works
3	of the more influential works
3	the more influential works
2	more influential works
2	more influential
2	of the ` Korean New Wave '
2	the ` Korean New Wave '
2	` Korean New Wave '
2	Korean New Wave '
2	Korean New
2	Wave '
3	Implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most American of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all .
4	Implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most American of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all
2	Implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most American of businesses , and
2	Implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most American of businesses ,
3	Implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most American of businesses
3	acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most American of businesses
3	acknowledges and celebrates
2	acknowledges and
3	the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most American of businesses
3	the glorious chicanery and self-delusion
2	glorious chicanery and self-delusion
1	chicanery and self-delusion
2	chicanery and
2	of this most American of businesses
2	this most American of businesses
2	this most American
2	most American
3	of businesses
3	for that reason it may be the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all
2	for that reason
2	that reason
3	it may be the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all
3	may be the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all
3	be the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all
3	the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all
3	the most oddly honest Hollywood document
3	most oddly honest Hollywood document
3	most oddly honest
3	oddly honest
2	Hollywood document
2	of all
4	A beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in Korea .
3	A beautifully
2	tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in Korea .
2	tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in Korea
3	tooled action thriller about love and terrorism
2	tooled action thriller
2	action thriller
2	about love and terrorism
2	love and terrorism
3	love and
2	in Korea
2	Director-writer Bille August ... depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally , anger .
3	Director-writer Bille August ... depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally ,
4	Director-writer Bille August ... depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally
2	Director-writer Bille August ...
2	Director-writer Bille August
2	Bille August
3	depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally
4	depicts this relationship with economical grace ,
2	depicts this relationship with economical grace
2	depicts this relationship
2	this relationship
3	with economical grace
3	economical grace
2	letting his superb actors convey Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally
4	his superb actors convey Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally
4	his superb actors
4	superb actors
2	convey Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally
3	Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally
2	Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and ,
2	Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and
2	Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness --
2	Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness
2	Martin 's deterioration and
2	Martin 's deterioration
2	Martin 's
2	Barbara 's sadness
2	Barbara 's
1	anger .
4	Victor Rosa is Leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .
2	Victor Rosa
4	is Leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .
3	is Leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance
4	Leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance
4	Leguizamo 's best movie work so far ,
4	Leguizamo 's best movie work so far
4	Leguizamo 's best movie work
2	Leguizamo 's
4	best movie work
2	movie work
2	so far
4	a subtle and richly internalized performance
4	subtle and richly internalized performance
4	subtle and richly
3	subtle and
2	internalized performance
3	Birthday Girl does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
2	Birthday Girl
3	does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
4	does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency
3	does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather
2	does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but
2	does n't try to surprise us with plot twists ,
3	does n't try to surprise us with plot twists
1	does n't
3	try to surprise us with plot twists
3	to surprise us with plot twists
3	surprise us with plot twists
3	surprise us
2	with plot twists
2	plot twists
3	seems to enjoy its own transparency
3	to enjoy its own transparency
3	enjoy its own transparency
2	its own transparency
2	own transparency
4	smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play .
4	smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play
4	smart , funny and
4	smart , funny
3	smart ,
3	just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play
2	just honest
3	enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play
1	to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play
2	provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play
3	the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play
2	the pleasures
2	of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play
3	a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play
3	slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play
2	slightly naughty , just-above-average off -
3	slightly naughty , just-above-average off
2	slightly naughty ,
2	slightly naughty
2	just-above-average off
2	Broadway play
4	Topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .
3	Topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs
2	Topics that could make a sailor blush - but
2	Topics that could make a sailor blush -
1	Topics that could make a sailor blush
2	Topics that could make a sailor
2	that could make a sailor
2	could make a sailor
2	make a sailor
2	a sailor
3	lots of laughs
2	lots of
3	Michael Moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here .
4	Michael Moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here
4	Michael Moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and
4	Michael Moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making ,
4	Michael Moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making
2	Michael Moore
4	has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making
4	perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making
2	the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making
2	the art
3	of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making
4	highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making
3	highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated
3	entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated
2	, self-aggrandizing , politically motivated
2	self-aggrandizing , politically motivated
2	, politically motivated
2	politically motivated
3	he 's got as potent a topic as ever here
3	's got as potent a topic as ever here
3	got as potent a topic as ever here
2	got as potent
2	as potent
2	a topic as ever here
2	a topic as
2	a topic
2	ever here
4	A fine production with splendid singing by Angela Gheorghiu , Ruggero Raimondi , and Roberto Alagna .
4	A fine production with splendid singing by Angela Gheorghiu , Ruggero Raimondi , and Roberto Alagna
4	A fine production with splendid singing
3	A fine production
4	fine production
3	with splendid singing
4	splendid singing
2	by Angela Gheorghiu , Ruggero Raimondi , and Roberto Alagna
2	Angela Gheorghiu , Ruggero Raimondi , and Roberto Alagna
2	Angela Gheorghiu , Ruggero Raimondi , and
2	Angela Gheorghiu , Ruggero Raimondi ,
2	Angela Gheorghiu , Ruggero Raimondi
2	Angela Gheorghiu ,
2	Angela Gheorghiu
2	Ruggero Raimondi
2	Roberto Alagna
2	About a Boy vividly recalls the Cary Grant of Room for One More , Houseboat and Father Goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
2	About a Boy
2	a Boy
3	vividly recalls the Cary Grant of Room for One More , Houseboat and Father Goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
3	recalls the Cary Grant of Room for One More , Houseboat and Father Goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
3	recalls the Cary Grant of Room for One More , Houseboat and Father Goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him
2	recalls the Cary Grant of Room for One More ,
2	recalls the Cary Grant of Room for One More
3	recalls the Cary Grant of Room
2	the Cary Grant of Room
2	the Cary Grant
2	Cary Grant
2	of Room
2	for One More
2	One More
3	Houseboat and Father Goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him
2	Houseboat and Father Goose
2	and Father Goose
2	Father Goose
3	in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him
2	its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him
3	its affectionate depiction
2	affectionate depiction
2	of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him
2	the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him
2	the gentle war
2	gentle war
2	between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him
1	a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him
1	a reluctant , irresponsible man and
2	a reluctant , irresponsible man
1	reluctant , irresponsible man
1	reluctant , irresponsible
1	, irresponsible
2	the kid who latches onto him
2	the kid
2	who latches onto him
2	latches onto him
2	onto him
3	None of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ?
2	None of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that
1	None of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and
1	None of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either ,
1	None of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either
1	None of this is meaningful or memorable , but
0	None of this is meaningful or memorable ,
1	None of this is meaningful or memorable
2	None of this
2	of this
3	is meaningful or memorable
2	meaningful or memorable
2	meaningful or
2	frosting is n't , either
2	is n't , either
2	is n't ,
1	is n't
4	you would n't turn down a big bowl of that
4	would n't turn down a big bowl of that
2	would n't
1	turn down a big bowl of that
1	turn down
2	a big bowl of that
2	a big bowl
2	big bowl
3	of that
2	, would you ?
2	would you ?
2	would you
3	The film is a fierce dance of destruction .
2	The film
2	is a fierce dance of destruction .
2	is a fierce dance of destruction
2	a fierce dance of destruction
3	a fierce dance
2	fierce dance
1	of destruction
3	Its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .
2	Its flame-like
3	, roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .
3	roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .
3	roiling black-and-white inspires
3	black-and-white inspires
2	trembling and gratitude .
3	trembling and gratitude
2	trembling and
3	May lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless .
3	May lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless
1	May lack the pungent bite of its title , but
1	May lack the pungent bite of its title ,
1	May lack the pungent bite of its title
2	lack the pungent bite of its title
1	the pungent bite of its title
1	the pungent bite
3	pungent bite
2	of its title
2	its title
3	it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless
3	's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless
2	's an enjoyable trifle
3	an enjoyable trifle
3	enjoyable trifle
2	... manages to fall closer in quality to Silence than to the abysmal Hannibal .
2	manages to fall closer in quality to Silence than to the abysmal Hannibal .
3	manages to fall closer in quality to Silence than to the abysmal Hannibal
3	to fall closer in quality to Silence than to the abysmal Hannibal
2	fall closer in quality to Silence than to the abysmal Hannibal
2	fall closer in quality to Silence
2	fall closer in quality
3	closer in quality
2	in quality
2	to Silence
2	than to the abysmal Hannibal
1	to the abysmal Hannibal
1	the abysmal Hannibal
1	abysmal Hannibal
1	You may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .
2	may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .
2	may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet
1	think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet
2	you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet
2	you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky , but
2	you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky ,
3	you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky
2	have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky
2	figured out the con and the players in this debut film by Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky
2	figured out the con and the players in this debut film
2	figured out the con and the players
2	out the con and the players
2	the con and the players
2	the con and
1	the con
2	the players
2	in this debut film
2	this debut film
2	debut film
2	by Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky
2	Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky
2	director Fabian Bielinsky
2	Fabian Bielinsky
2	while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet
1	you were thinking someone made off with your wallet
2	were thinking someone made off with your wallet
1	thinking someone made off with your wallet
1	someone made off with your wallet
1	made off with your wallet
2	made off
2	with your wallet
2	your wallet
4	Diane Lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in Unfaithful .
2	Diane Lane
4	works nothing short of a minor miracle in Unfaithful .
2	works nothing short of a minor miracle in Unfaithful
3	nothing short of a minor miracle in Unfaithful
2	nothing short
3	of a minor miracle in Unfaithful
3	a minor miracle in Unfaithful
3	a minor miracle
3	minor miracle
2	in Unfaithful
3	Takashi Miike keeps pushing the envelope : Ichi the Killer
3	Takashi Miike keeps pushing the envelope :
3	Takashi Miike keeps pushing the envelope
2	Takashi Miike
2	keeps pushing the envelope
2	pushing the envelope
2	the envelope
2	Ichi the Killer
2	the Killer
2	A fantastic premise anchors this movie , but what it needs is either a more rigid , Blair Witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format , or a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity that that implies .
3	A fantastic premise anchors this movie , but what it needs
4	A fantastic premise anchors
4	fantastic premise anchors
2	premise anchors
1	this movie , but what it needs
2	this movie
2	, but what it needs
2	, but
2	what it needs
1	it needs
2	is either a more rigid , Blair Witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format , or a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity that that implies .
3	is either a more rigid , Blair Witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format , or a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity that that implies
2	is either a more rigid , Blair Witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format , or a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity
2	is either
3	a more rigid , Blair Witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format , or a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity
1	a more rigid , Blair Witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format , or
2	a more rigid , Blair Witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format ,
2	a more rigid , Blair Witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format
2	a more rigid , Blair Witch-style commitment
2	more rigid , Blair Witch-style commitment
2	more rigid
3	, Blair Witch-style commitment
3	Blair Witch-style commitment
2	Witch-style commitment
2	to its mockumentary format
2	its mockumentary format
2	mockumentary format
3	a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity
3	a more straightforward , dramatic treatment ,
2	a more straightforward , dramatic treatment
3	more straightforward , dramatic treatment
3	more straightforward
3	, dramatic treatment
3	dramatic treatment
1	with all the grandiosity
2	all the grandiosity
2	the grandiosity
2	that that implies
2	that implies
3	Exhilarating but blatantly biased .
1	but blatantly biased .
1	but blatantly biased
1	blatantly biased
3	Much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever .
3	Much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever
1	Much of what we see is horrible but
1	Much of what we see is horrible
2	Much of what we see
2	of what we see
2	what we see
2	we see
0	is horrible
3	it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever
3	's also undeniably exceedingly clever
2	's also
3	undeniably exceedingly clever
4	exceedingly clever
2	It understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .
3	understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .
2	understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking
2	understands ,
3	in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking
3	a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking
2	a way
3	that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking
2	speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking
2	speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty
2	speaks forcefully enough
2	forcefully enough
1	about the mechanisms of poverty
2	the mechanisms of poverty
2	the mechanisms
1	of poverty
3	to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking
2	transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking
1	the rather simplistic filmmaking
2	rather simplistic filmmaking
1	rather simplistic
3	Ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory .
3	succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory .
3	succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory
3	succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics ,
4	succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics
3	succeeds primarily
2	with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics
2	her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics
2	her typical blend
2	typical blend
1	of unsettling atmospherics
2	unsettling atmospherics
3	delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory
2	a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory
2	a series of abrasive , stylized sequences
2	a series
2	of abrasive , stylized sequences
2	abrasive , stylized sequences
2	, stylized sequences
3	stylized sequences
4	that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory
2	burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory
2	burn themselves
2	upon the viewer 's memory
2	the viewer 's memory
2	the viewer 's
2	viewer 's
4	... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .
3	a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .
3	a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind
3	a thoughtful what-if
3	thoughtful what-if
3	for the heart as well as the mind
2	the heart as well as the mind
3	the heart as well as
2	the heart
2	as well as
2	well as
2	the mind
3	Like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls .
2	Like its bizarre heroine
2	its bizarre heroine
2	bizarre heroine
3	, it irrigates our souls .
3	it irrigates our souls .
2	irrigates our souls .
2	irrigates our souls
2	our souls
4	Hawn and Sarandon form an acting bond that makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
2	Hawn and Sarandon
2	Hawn and
3	form an acting bond that makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
3	form an acting bond that makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare
3	an acting bond that makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare
3	an acting bond
2	acting bond
4	that makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare
3	makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare
3	makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs
2	makes The Banger Sisters
2	The Banger Sisters
2	Banger Sisters
4	a fascinating character study with laughs
3	a fascinating character study
4	fascinating character study
2	character study
3	with laughs
2	to spare
4	It 's a fun adventure movie for kids -LRB- of all ages -RRB- that like adventure .
3	's a fun adventure movie for kids -LRB- of all ages -RRB- that like adventure .
4	's a fun adventure movie for kids -LRB- of all ages -RRB- that like adventure
3	a fun adventure movie for kids -LRB- of all ages -RRB- that like adventure
4	a fun adventure movie
3	fun adventure movie
3	adventure movie
3	for kids -LRB- of all ages -RRB- that like adventure
3	kids -LRB- of all ages -RRB- that like adventure
2	kids -LRB- of all ages -RRB-
2	-LRB- of all ages -RRB-
2	of all ages -RRB-
3	of all ages
2	all ages
2	that like adventure
2	like adventure
3	A very capable nailbiter .
2	A very capable nailbiter
4	very capable nailbiter
3	very capable
4	Because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by Kieran Culkin .
3	Because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh
2	Because the genre is well established
2	the genre is well established
2	the genre
3	is well established
3	well established
3	, what makes the movie fresh
3	what makes the movie fresh
3	makes the movie fresh
2	the movie fresh
2	the movie
4	is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by Kieran Culkin .
4	is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by Kieran Culkin
3	is smart
1	writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by Kieran Culkin
2	writing , skewed characters , and
1	writing , skewed characters ,
1	writing , skewed characters
2	writing ,
2	skewed characters
2	the title performance by Kieran Culkin
2	the title performance
3	title performance
2	by Kieran Culkin
2	Kieran Culkin
1	`` White Oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a Reader 's Digest condensed version of the source material .
2	`` White Oleander , '' the movie ,
2	White Oleander , '' the movie ,
2	White Oleander , '' the movie
2	White Oleander , ''
2	White Oleander ,
2	White Oleander
2	the movie
1	is akin to a Reader 's Digest condensed version of the source material .
1	is akin to a Reader 's Digest condensed version of the source material
1	akin to a Reader 's Digest condensed version of the source material
2	to a Reader 's Digest condensed version of the source material
2	a Reader 's Digest condensed version of the source material
1	a Reader 's Digest condensed version
2	a Reader 's
2	Reader 's
2	Digest condensed version
2	condensed version
2	of the source material
2	the source material
2	source material
1	It 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .
1	's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .
1	's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend
1	like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend
1	going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend
2	going to a house party and
2	going to a house party
2	to a house party
2	a house party
2	house party
2	watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend
2	the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend
2	the host
2	defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend
3	defend himself
2	against a frothing ex-girlfriend
2	a frothing ex-girlfriend
2	frothing ex-girlfriend
2	You do n't want to call the cops .
2	do n't want to call the cops .
2	do n't want to call the cops
2	do n't
2	want to call the cops
2	to call the cops
1	call the cops
2	the cops
2	You want to call Domino 's .
2	want to call Domino 's .
2	want to call Domino 's
2	to call Domino 's
2	call Domino 's
2	Domino 's
3	What 's most refreshing about Real Women Have Curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors .
3	What 's most refreshing about Real Women Have Curves
3	's most refreshing about Real Women Have Curves
3	most refreshing about Real Women Have Curves
3	most refreshing
2	about Real Women Have Curves
2	Real Women Have Curves
2	Women Have Curves
2	Have Curves
3	is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors .
3	is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors
3	its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors
2	its unforced comedy-drama and
3	its unforced comedy-drama
3	unforced comedy-drama
3	its relaxed , natural-seeming actors
3	its relaxed ,
3	its relaxed
3	natural-seeming actors
3	The low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .
2	The low-key direction
2	low-key direction
3	is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .
3	is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love
4	pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love
2	emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love
3	in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love
4	this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love
2	this properly intense , claustrophobic tale
3	properly intense , claustrophobic tale
2	properly intense , claustrophobic
1	intense , claustrophobic
1	, claustrophobic
2	of obsessive love
3	obsessive love
3	Secretary is just too original to be ignored .
4	is just too original to be ignored .
3	is just too original to be ignored
2	is just too original
2	is just
2	too original
1	to be ignored
2	be ignored
3	That rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed .
3	That rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is
2	That rare film
3	rare film
3	whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is
3	real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is
2	real-life basis
3	is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is
4	is , in fact , so interesting
2	is , in fact ,
2	is , in fact
2	is ,
2	in fact
4	so interesting
2	that no embellishment is
2	no embellishment is
2	no embellishment
3	needed .
3	Smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .
4	Smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise
4	Smart and fun , but far more witty
4	Smart and fun
3	Smart and
3	, but far more witty
2	, but
3	far more witty
2	far more
2	than it is wise
3	it is wise
3	is wise
3	This is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair .
3	This is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair
2	This is n't a stand up and cheer flick ;
2	This is n't a stand up and cheer flick
2	is n't a stand up and cheer flick
1	is n't
4	a stand up and cheer flick
2	a stand up and
2	a stand up
2	stand up
3	cheer flick
3	it 's a sit down and ponder affair
3	's a sit down and ponder affair
2	's a sit down and
2	's a sit down
2	a sit down
2	a sit
2	ponder affair
4	And thanks to Kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
3	thanks to Kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
3	thanks to Kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering
4	to Kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering
2	Kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering
4	Kline 's superbly nuanced performance ,
3	Kline 's superbly nuanced performance
2	Kline 's
2	superbly nuanced performance
3	nuanced performance
2	that pondering
4	is highly pleasurable .
4	is highly pleasurable
3	highly pleasurable
3	Originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller .
3	Originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller
2	Originality ai n't on the menu , but
1	Originality ai n't on the menu ,
1	Originality ai n't on the menu
2	ai n't on the menu
2	ai n't
2	on the menu
2	the menu
3	there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller
4	's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller
2	's never
2	a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller
1	a dull moment
1	dull moment
2	in the giant spider invasion comic chiller
2	the giant spider invasion comic chiller
3	giant spider invasion comic chiller
3	spider invasion comic chiller
2	invasion comic chiller
3	comic chiller
3	Walter Hill 's Undisputed is like a 1940s Warner Bros. .
2	Walter Hill 's Undisputed
2	Walter Hill 's
2	Hill 's
2	is like a 1940s Warner Bros. .
2	is like a 1940s Warner Bros.
2	like a 1940s Warner Bros.
2	a 1940s Warner Bros.
2	1940s Warner Bros.
2	Warner Bros.
2	B picture , and I mean that as a compliment .
3	B picture , and I mean that as a compliment
1	B picture , and
2	B picture ,
1	B picture
3	I mean that as a compliment
3	mean that as a compliment
2	that as a compliment
3	as a compliment
3	a compliment
3	This one is not nearly as dreadful as expected .
2	This one
2	is not nearly as dreadful as expected .
2	is not nearly as dreadful as expected
1	is not
0	nearly as dreadful as expected
0	nearly as dreadful
1	as dreadful
2	as expected
3	In fact , it 's quite fun in places .
2	In fact
3	, it 's quite fun in places .
3	it 's quite fun in places .
3	's quite fun in places .
3	's quite fun in places
3	quite fun in places
3	quite fun
2	in places
2	With elements cribbed from Lang 's Metropolis , Welles ' Kane , and Eisenstein 's Potemkin , the true wonder of Rintarô 's Metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own .
1	With elements cribbed from Lang 's Metropolis , Welles ' Kane , and Eisenstein 's Potemkin
3	elements cribbed from Lang 's Metropolis , Welles ' Kane , and Eisenstein 's Potemkin
2	cribbed from Lang 's Metropolis , Welles ' Kane , and Eisenstein 's Potemkin
3	from Lang 's Metropolis , Welles ' Kane , and Eisenstein 's Potemkin
2	Lang 's Metropolis , Welles ' Kane , and Eisenstein 's Potemkin
2	Lang 's Metropolis , Welles ' Kane , and
2	Lang 's Metropolis , Welles ' Kane ,
2	Lang 's Metropolis , Welles ' Kane
2	Lang 's Metropolis ,
2	Lang 's Metropolis
2	Lang 's
2	Welles ' Kane
2	Welles '
2	Eisenstein 's Potemkin
2	Eisenstein 's
4	, the true wonder of Rintarô 's Metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own .
4	the true wonder of Rintarô 's Metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own .
3	the true wonder of Rintarô 's Metropolis
3	the true wonder
3	true wonder
2	of Rintarô 's Metropolis
2	Rintarô 's Metropolis
2	Rintarô 's
3	is the number of lasting images all its own .
2	is the number of lasting images all its own
3	the number of lasting images all its own
2	the number
3	of lasting images all its own
3	lasting images all its own
3	lasting images
2	all its own
3	its own
2	A biopic about Crane 's life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video .
2	A biopic about Crane 's life in the classic tradition
2	A biopic
2	about Crane 's life in the classic tradition
2	Crane 's life in the classic tradition
2	Crane 's life
2	Crane 's
2	in the classic tradition
3	the classic tradition
2	classic tradition
2	but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video .
3	evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video .
2	evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video
2	into what has become of us all in the era of video
2	what has become of us all in the era of video
2	has become of us all in the era of video
2	become of us all in the era of video
2	become of us
2	of us
2	all in the era of video
2	in the era of video
2	the era of video
2	the era
2	of video
3	The best of the Pierce Brosnan James Bond films to date .
3	The best of the Pierce Brosnan James Bond
4	The best
2	of the Pierce Brosnan James Bond
2	the Pierce Brosnan James Bond
2	Pierce Brosnan James Bond
2	Brosnan James Bond
2	James Bond
2	films to date .
2	films to date
2	to date
4	Thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .
3	Thanks to a small star with big heart
3	to a small star with big heart
3	a small star with big heart
2	a small star
2	small star
3	with big heart
3	big heart
4	, this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .
3	this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .
2	this family film sequel
3	family film sequel
2	film sequel
3	is plenty of fun for all .
3	is plenty of fun for all
4	plenty of fun for all
3	of fun for all
4	fun for all
2	for all
3	While the now 72-year-old Robert Evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own .
2	While the now 72-year-old Robert Evans been slowed down by a stroke
2	the now 72-year-old Robert Evans been slowed down by a stroke
2	the now 72-year-old Robert Evans
2	now 72-year-old Robert Evans
2	now 72-year-old
2	Robert Evans
2	been slowed down by a stroke
0	slowed down by a stroke
2	slowed down
2	by a stroke
2	a stroke
3	, he has at least one more story to tell : his own .
3	he has at least one more story to tell : his own .
2	has at least one more story to tell : his own .
3	has at least one more story to tell : his own
2	at least one more story to tell : his own
2	at least one more
2	at least one
2	at least
2	story to tell : his own
2	to tell : his own
2	tell : his own
2	tell :
2	his own
4	It 's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .
4	's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .
2	's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing
2	about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing
3	individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing
2	individual moments of mood , and
2	individual moments of mood ,
2	individual moments of mood
2	individual moments
2	of mood
3	an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing
1	an aimlessness
3	that 's actually sort of amazing
4	's actually sort of amazing
2	's actually
3	sort of amazing
2	sort of
3	The people in Jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out .
2	The people in Jessica
2	The people
2	in Jessica
2	are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out .
2	are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out
3	so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out
3	recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out
3	recognizable and true
2	recognizable and
2	that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out
2	, as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out
2	, as in real life ,
2	as in real life ,
2	as in real life
2	in real life
2	real life
2	we 're never sure how things will work out
2	're never sure how things will work out
2	're never
2	sure how things will work out
2	how things will work out
2	things will work out
2	will work out
2	work out
3	A tone poem of transgression .
2	A tone poem of transgression
2	A tone poem
2	tone poem
2	of transgression
2	Creeps you out in high style , even if Nakata did it better .
2	Creeps you out in high style , even if Nakata did it better
2	Creeps you out in high style ,
2	Creeps you out in high style
2	Creeps you
3	out in high style
2	in high style
3	high style
2	even if Nakata did it better
2	if Nakata did it better
1	Nakata did it better
1	did it better
2	it better
3	Rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes .
2	runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes .
3	runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes
3	through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes
3	a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes
3	a remarkable amount
3	remarkable amount
2	of material in the film 's short 90 minutes
2	material in the film 's short 90 minutes
2	in the film 's short 90 minutes
2	the film 's short 90 minutes
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	short 90 minutes
2	90 minutes
3	Visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably Mexican and burns its Kahlories with conviction .
4	Visually engrossing , seldom hammy ,
3	Visually engrossing
2	, seldom hammy ,
3	seldom hammy ,
3	seldom hammy
3	honorably Mexican and burns its Kahlories with conviction .
2	Mexican and burns its Kahlories with conviction .
2	Mexican and burns its Kahlories with conviction
2	Mexican and burns its Kahlories
2	Mexican and burns
2	Mexican and
2	its Kahlories
2	with conviction
3	This is Christmas Future for a lot of baby boomers .
2	is Christmas Future for a lot of baby boomers .
2	is Christmas Future for a lot of baby boomers
2	Christmas Future for a lot of baby boomers
2	Christmas Future
2	for a lot of baby boomers
2	a lot of baby boomers
2	a lot
2	of baby boomers
2	baby boomers
3	Despite a quieter middle section , involving Aragorn 's dreams of Arwen , this is even better than The Fellowship .
2	Despite a quieter middle section
2	a quieter middle section
2	quieter middle section
2	middle section
3	, involving Aragorn 's dreams of Arwen , this is even better than The Fellowship .
4	involving Aragorn 's dreams of Arwen , this is even better than The Fellowship .
2	involving Aragorn 's dreams of Arwen
2	Aragorn 's dreams of Arwen
2	Aragorn 's dreams
2	Aragorn 's
2	of Arwen
3	, this is even better than The Fellowship .
3	this is even better than The Fellowship .
4	is even better than The Fellowship .
4	is even better than The Fellowship
3	even better than The Fellowship
3	even better
2	than The Fellowship
2	The Fellowship
4	There are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
4	are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
4	are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away
4	scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away
4	scenes of cinematic perfection
4	of cinematic perfection
4	cinematic perfection
3	that steal your heart away
3	steal your heart away
3	steal your heart
2	your heart
2	Spider-Man is in the same category as X-Men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around .
1	is in the same category as X-Men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around .
3	is in the same category as X-Men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around
3	is in the same category
2	in the same category
2	the same category
2	same category
1	as X-Men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around
2	X-Men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around
3	X-Men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average ,
2	X-Men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average
2	X-Men -
3	occasionally brilliant but mostly average
3	occasionally brilliant but
3	occasionally brilliant
2	mostly average
2	showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around
3	showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not
3	showing signs of potential for the sequels ,
2	showing signs of potential for the sequels
2	signs of potential for the sequels
2	of potential for the sequels
3	potential for the sequels
2	for the sequels
2	the sequels
2	but not
2	giving us much this time around
3	giving us much this time
2	giving us
2	much this time
2	this time
3	The obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .
1	The obnoxious title character
1	obnoxious title character
2	title character
3	provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .
3	provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc
3	the drama that gives added clout to this doc
2	the drama
2	that gives added clout to this doc
3	gives added clout to this doc
3	added clout to this doc
3	added clout
2	to this doc
2	this doc
4	Anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film .
4	Anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed
4	Anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor
3	who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor
4	welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor
3	a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor
2	a dash
3	of the avant-garde fused with their humor
3	the avant-garde fused with their humor
2	the avant-garde
3	fused with their humor
2	with their humor
2	their humor
2	should take pleasure in this crazed
2	take pleasure in this crazed
3	take pleasure
2	in this crazed
2	this crazed
4	, joyous romp of a film .
3	joyous romp of a film .
3	romp of a film .
3	romp of a film
2	of a film
2	a film
4	The fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .
3	The fun of the movie
3	The fun
2	of the movie
2	the movie
3	is the chance it affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .
3	is the chance it affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
3	the chance it affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
2	the chance
3	it affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
4	affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
4	to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
3	watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
4	Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
2	Jackson , who also served as executive producer ,
2	Jackson , who also served as executive producer
2	Jackson ,
2	who also served as executive producer
2	also served as executive producer
2	served as executive producer
2	as executive producer
2	executive producer
3	take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
3	take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act
4	his smooth , shrewd , powerful act
3	smooth , shrewd , powerful act
3	, shrewd , powerful act
3	shrewd , powerful act
3	, powerful act
3	powerful act
3	Saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory .
3	Saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory
2	Saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but
1	Saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles ,
1	Saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles
2	with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles
2	an unwieldy cast of characters and angles
1	an unwieldy cast
1	unwieldy cast
2	of characters and angles
2	characters and angles
2	characters and
3	the payoff is powerful and revelatory
3	the payoff
4	is powerful and revelatory
4	powerful and revelatory
3	powerful and
4	It 's something of the ultimate Scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .
4	's something of the ultimate Scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .
3	's something of the ultimate Scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas
2	's something of the ultimate Scorsese film ,
3	's something of the ultimate Scorsese film
3	something of the ultimate Scorsese film
4	of the ultimate Scorsese film
3	the ultimate Scorsese film
3	ultimate Scorsese film
2	Scorsese film
3	with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas
3	all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas
2	all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore and
1	all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore
2	all the stomach-turning violence ,
1	all the stomach-turning violence
1	the stomach-turning violence
2	stomach-turning violence
2	colorful New York gang lore
2	New York gang lore
2	York gang lore
2	gang lore
3	other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas
2	other hallmarks
2	of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas
2	his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas
2	his personal cinema
2	personal cinema
3	painted on their largest-ever historical canvas
2	on their largest-ever historical canvas
3	their largest-ever historical canvas
3	largest-ever historical canvas
2	historical canvas
4	Mr. Caine and Mr. Fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .
2	Mr. Caine and Mr. Fraser
2	Caine and Mr. Fraser
2	and Mr. Fraser
2	Mr. Fraser
4	are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .
3	are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances
2	are the whole show here ,
2	are the whole show here
2	are the whole show
2	the whole show
2	whole show
3	with their memorable and resourceful performances
3	their memorable and resourceful performances
4	memorable and resourceful performances
4	memorable and resourceful
3	memorable and
2	A frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama that makes you think it 's a tougher picture than it is .
3	A frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama that makes you
3	A frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama
3	frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama
2	frustrating yet deeply watchable
1	frustrating yet
4	deeply watchable
2	that makes you
2	makes you
1	think it 's a tougher picture than it is .
1	think it 's a tougher picture than it is
2	it 's a tougher picture than it is
2	's a tougher picture than it is
2	's a tougher picture
3	a tougher picture
2	tougher picture
2	than it is
3	it is
3	A giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say .
4	A giddy and provocative sexual
3	giddy and provocative sexual
2	and provocative sexual
2	provocative sexual
3	romp that has something to say .
2	romp that has something to say
3	that has something to say
3	has something to say
2	something to say
2	to say
3	-LRB- Russell -RRB- makes good B movies -LRB- The Mask , The Blob -RRB- , and The Scorpion King more than ably meets those standards .
3	-LRB- Russell -RRB- makes good B movies -LRB- The Mask , The Blob -RRB- , and The Scorpion King more than ably meets those standards
3	-LRB- Russell -RRB- makes good B movies -LRB- The Mask , The Blob -RRB- , and
2	-LRB- Russell -RRB- makes good B movies -LRB- The Mask , The Blob -RRB- ,
3	-LRB- Russell -RRB- makes good B movies -LRB- The Mask , The Blob -RRB-
2	-LRB- Russell -RRB-
2	Russell -RRB-
3	makes good B movies -LRB- The Mask , The Blob -RRB-
3	good B movies -LRB- The Mask , The Blob -RRB-
3	good B movies
1	B movies
2	-LRB- The Mask , The Blob -RRB-
2	The Mask , The Blob -RRB-
2	The Mask , The Blob
2	The Mask ,
2	The Mask
2	The Blob
3	The Scorpion King more than ably meets those standards
3	The Scorpion King more than ably
2	The Scorpion King
2	Scorpion King
3	more than ably
2	than ably
3	meets those standards
2	those standards
3	Otto-Sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye .
3	has a real filmmaker 's eye .
3	has a real filmmaker 's eye
3	a real filmmaker 's eye
2	a real filmmaker 's
3	real filmmaker 's
2	filmmaker 's
3	This is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its Freud and knows its Sade .
3	is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its Freud and knows its Sade .
4	is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its Freud and knows its Sade
4	a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its Freud and knows its Sade
4	a smart movie
3	smart movie
2	that knows its classical music , knows its Freud and knows its Sade
3	knows its classical music , knows its Freud and knows its Sade
3	knows its classical music , knows its Freud and
2	knows its classical music , knows its Freud
3	knows its classical music ,
3	knows its classical music
3	its classical music
2	classical music
2	knows its Freud
2	its Freud
2	knows its Sade
2	its Sade
3	The film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport .
4	The film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport
3	The film has an infectious enthusiasm and
4	The film has an infectious enthusiasm
2	The film
4	has an infectious enthusiasm
4	an infectious enthusiasm
4	infectious enthusiasm
3	we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport
3	're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport
3	touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport
3	touched by the film 's conviction
2	by the film 's conviction
2	the film 's conviction
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport
2	all life centered on that place , that time and that sport
2	all life
2	centered on that place , that time and that sport
2	on that place , that time and that sport
2	that place , that time and that sport
2	that place , that time and
3	that place , that time
2	that place ,
2	that place
2	that time
2	that sport
3	Beautifully reclaiming the story of Carmen and recreating it an in an African idiom .
3	Beautifully reclaiming the story of Carmen and recreating it an in an African idiom
4	Beautifully reclaiming the story of Carmen and
4	Beautifully reclaiming the story of Carmen
2	reclaiming the story of Carmen
2	the story of Carmen
2	the story
2	of Carmen
3	recreating it an in an African idiom
2	recreating it an
2	it an
2	in an African idiom
2	an African idiom
2	African idiom
4	The camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
2	The camera
3	soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
2	soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
4	above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
4	the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
2	the globe
4	in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
4	dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
4	dazzling panoramic shots
2	panoramic shots
4	that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
3	make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
3	make the most of the large-screen format ,
3	make the most of the large-screen format
2	the most of the large-screen format
2	the most
2	of the large-screen format
2	the large-screen format
2	large-screen format
4	before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
4	swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
3	swooping down on a string of exotic locales ,
3	swooping down on a string of exotic locales
2	swooping down
3	on a string of exotic locales
3	a string of exotic locales
2	a string
2	of exotic locales
2	exotic locales
3	scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
2	scooping the whole world up
2	scooping the whole world
2	the whole world
2	whole world
4	in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
4	a joyous communal festival of rhythm
3	a joyous communal festival
3	joyous communal festival
2	communal festival
2	of rhythm
3	A flawed but engrossing thriller .
3	A flawed but engrossing thriller
2	flawed but engrossing thriller
3	flawed but engrossing
1	flawed but
4	Demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .
3	Demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking
3	the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking
3	the unusual power
3	unusual power
3	of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking
3	thoughtful , subjective filmmaking
2	, subjective filmmaking
2	subjective filmmaking
3	Expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women .
3	Expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women
1	Expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle ,
2	Expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle
1	no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle
2	no major discoveries , nor
2	no major discoveries ,
2	no major discoveries
2	major discoveries
3	any stylish sizzle
3	stylish sizzle
2	but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women
4	the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women
2	the film sits with square conviction and
3	the film sits with square conviction
2	the film
2	sits with square conviction
3	with square conviction
2	square conviction
3	touching good sense on the experience of its women
3	touching good sense
3	good sense
2	on the experience of its women
2	the experience of its women
2	the experience
2	of its women
2	its women
3	The success of Undercover Brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally .
3	The success of Undercover Brother
3	The success
2	of Undercover Brother
2	Undercover Brother
3	is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally .
3	is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally
3	found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally
2	in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally
2	its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally
2	ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally
3	to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally
2	spoof both black and white stereotypes equally
2	spoof both black and white stereotypes
2	both black and white stereotypes
2	both black and white
2	black and white
2	black and
3	This is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but Ayres makes the right choices at every turn .
3	This is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but Ayres makes the right choices at every turn
3	This is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but
3	This is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker ,
3	This is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker
3	is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker
2	the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker
2	the kind of subject matter
2	the kind
2	of subject matter
2	subject matter
3	that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker
3	could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker
2	could so easily
2	so easily
2	have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker
1	been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker
2	fumbled by a lesser filmmaker
2	by a lesser filmmaker
2	a lesser filmmaker
2	lesser filmmaker
4	Ayres makes the right choices at every turn
3	makes the right choices at every turn
3	the right choices at every turn
3	the right choices
3	right choices
2	at every turn
2	every turn
3	Cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of Nijinsky 's diaries .
3	creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of Nijinsky 's diaries .
3	creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of Nijinsky 's diaries
4	creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images
3	a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images
4	a fluid and mesmerizing sequence
3	fluid and mesmerizing sequence
4	fluid and mesmerizing
2	fluid and
2	of images
2	to match the words of Nijinsky 's diaries
2	match the words of Nijinsky 's diaries
2	the words of Nijinsky 's diaries
2	the words
2	of Nijinsky 's diaries
2	Nijinsky 's diaries
2	Nijinsky 's
2	What Bloody Sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion .
2	What Bloody Sunday lacks in clarity
0	Bloody Sunday lacks in clarity
2	Bloody Sunday
1	lacks in clarity
3	in clarity
4	, it makes up for with a great , fiery passion .
4	it makes up for with a great , fiery passion .
3	makes up for with a great , fiery passion .
3	makes up for with a great , fiery passion
2	makes up
3	for with a great , fiery passion
3	with a great , fiery passion
3	a great , fiery passion
4	great , fiery passion
3	, fiery passion
4	fiery passion
3	Its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work .
2	Its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal
2	Its adult themes
2	adult themes
3	of familial separation and societal betrayal
2	familial separation and societal betrayal
2	separation and societal betrayal
2	and societal betrayal
2	societal betrayal
3	are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work .
3	are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work
4	head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work
2	head and shoulders
2	head and
3	above much of the director 's previous popcorn work
2	much of the director 's previous popcorn work
2	of the director 's previous popcorn work
2	the director 's previous popcorn work
3	the director 's
2	director 's
2	previous popcorn work
2	popcorn work
4	Director Nancy Savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .
3	Director Nancy Savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions
2	Director Nancy Savoca 's no-frills record
2	Director Nancy Savoca 's
2	Nancy Savoca 's
2	Savoca 's
2	no-frills record
2	of a show forged in still-raw emotions
4	a show forged in still-raw emotions
2	a show
3	forged in still-raw emotions
2	in still-raw emotions
3	still-raw emotions
3	captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .
3	captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could
3	captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better
3	the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better
2	the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period
1	the unsettled tenor
2	unsettled tenor
2	of that post 9-11 period
2	that post 9-11 period
2	post 9-11 period
2	9-11 period
3	far better
3	than a more measured or polished production ever could
3	a more measured or polished production ever could
3	a more measured or polished production
3	more measured or polished production
2	more measured or polished
3	measured or polished
2	measured or
2	ever could
3	The film grows on you .
2	The film
3	grows on you .
3	grows on you
2	on you
2	And how .
2	how .
3	One thing you have to give them credit for : The message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work .
2	One thing you have to give them credit for : The message of the movie
2	One thing
2	you have to give them credit for : The message of the movie
3	have to give them credit for : The message of the movie
3	to give them credit for : The message of the movie
3	give them credit for : The message of the movie
2	give them
2	credit for : The message of the movie
2	for : The message of the movie
2	for :
2	The message of the movie
2	The message
2	of the movie
2	the movie
2	is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work .
2	is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work
3	consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work
2	with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work
2	the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work
2	the messages
2	espoused in the company 's previous video work
2	in the company 's previous video work
2	the company 's previous video work
2	the company 's
2	company 's
2	previous video work
2	video work
2	Halloween : Resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema , but it is n't nearly as terrible as it cold have been .
1	: Resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema , but it is n't nearly as terrible as it cold have been .
2	Resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema , but it is n't nearly as terrible as it cold have been .
1	Resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema , but it is n't nearly as terrible as it cold have been
1	Resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema , but
1	Resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema ,
1	Resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema
1	is n't exactly quality cinema
2	is n't exactly
1	is n't
4	quality cinema
1	it is n't nearly as terrible as it cold have been
2	is n't nearly as terrible as it cold have been
2	is n't nearly as terrible
1	is n't
2	nearly as terrible
0	as terrible
2	as it cold have been
2	it cold have been
1	cold have been
2	have been
3	As banal as the telling may be -- and at times , All My Loved Ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention .
1	As banal as the telling may be
2	banal as the telling may be
1	banal as the telling
2	as the telling
2	the telling
2	may be
3	-- and at times , All My Loved Ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention .
2	-- and at times , All My Loved Ones more than flirts with kitsch --
2	-- and at times , All My Loved Ones more than flirts with kitsch
3	-- and at times , All
2	-- and
2	at times , All
2	times , All
2	times ,
2	My Loved Ones more than flirts with kitsch
3	My Loved Ones
3	Loved Ones
2	more than flirts with kitsch
2	more than
2	flirts with kitsch
2	with kitsch
3	the tale commands attention .
2	the tale
3	commands attention .
3	commands attention
4	Romantic comedy and Dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .
4	Romantic comedy and Dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here
2	Romantic comedy and Dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but
2	Romantic comedy and Dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows ,
3	Romantic comedy and Dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows
2	Romantic comedy and Dogme 95 filmmaking
2	Romantic comedy and
3	Romantic comedy
2	Dogme 95 filmmaking
2	95 filmmaking
2	may seem odd bedfellows
1	seem odd bedfellows
1	odd bedfellows
3	they turn out to be delightfully compatible here
3	turn out to be delightfully compatible here
2	turn out
3	to be delightfully compatible here
3	be delightfully compatible here
3	be delightfully compatible
4	delightfully compatible
4	The most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .
4	The most wondrous love story in years
4	The most wondrous love story
4	most wondrous love story
3	wondrous love story
2	love story
2	in years
4	, it is a great film .
4	it is a great film .
4	is a great film .
4	is a great film
4	a great film
4	great film
4	Some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and Heaven is one such beast .
2	Some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and Heaven is one such beast
3	Some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and
3	Some movies suck you in despite their flaws ,
2	Some movies suck you in despite their flaws
2	Some movies
2	suck you in despite their flaws
2	suck you
2	in despite their flaws
2	despite their flaws
2	their flaws
3	Heaven is one such beast
2	is one such beast
2	one such beast
2	such beast
3	My Wife Is an Actress works as well as it does because -LRB- the leads -RRB- are such a companionable couple .
2	My Wife
3	Is an Actress works as well as it does because -LRB- the leads -RRB- are such a companionable couple .
3	Is an Actress works as well as it does because -LRB- the leads -RRB- are such a companionable couple
2	Is an Actress works
2	an Actress works
2	Actress works
2	as well as it does because -LRB- the leads -RRB- are such a companionable couple
2	as well
3	as it does because -LRB- the leads -RRB- are such a companionable couple
3	it does because -LRB- the leads -RRB- are such a companionable couple
3	does because -LRB- the leads -RRB- are such a companionable couple
3	because -LRB- the leads -RRB- are such a companionable couple
3	-LRB- the leads -RRB- are such a companionable couple
3	the leads -RRB- are such a companionable couple
2	the leads
3	-RRB- are such a companionable couple
3	are such a companionable couple
3	such a companionable couple
3	a companionable couple
2	companionable couple
4	With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams , however , Robert Rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
2	With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams
2	Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams
2	Spy Kids 2 :
2	Spy Kids 2
2	Spy Kids
2	The Island of Lost Dreams
2	The Island
2	of Lost Dreams
1	Lost Dreams
4	, however , Robert Rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
4	however , Robert Rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
3	, Robert Rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
4	Robert Rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
2	Robert Rodriguez
4	adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
4	adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking
4	adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity
2	adorns his family-film plot
2	his family-film plot
2	family-film plot
3	with an elegance and maturity
3	an elegance and maturity
3	elegance and maturity
3	elegance and
3	that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking
2	that even
2	most contemporary adult movies are lacking
2	most contemporary adult movies
2	contemporary adult movies
1	adult movies
1	are lacking
3	Based on Dave Barry 's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .
2	Based on Dave Barry 's popular book of the same name
3	on Dave Barry 's popular book of the same name
3	Dave Barry 's popular book of the same name
3	Dave Barry 's popular book
3	Dave Barry 's
2	Barry 's
2	popular book
2	of the same name
2	the same name
2	same name
3	, the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .
3	the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .
2	the movie
3	benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .
3	benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story
2	from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story
2	having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story
3	having a real writer plot
3	a real writer plot
3	real writer plot
2	writer plot
2	out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story
2	all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story
2	all of the characters ' moves and
2	all of the characters ' moves
2	of the characters ' moves
2	the characters ' moves
2	the characters '
2	characters '
2	overlapping story
4	Bouquet gives a performance that is masterly .
4	gives a performance that is masterly .
3	gives a performance that is masterly
4	a performance that is masterly
2	a performance
3	that is masterly
4	is masterly
4	A poignant comedy that offers food for thought .
3	A poignant comedy that offers food for
3	A poignant comedy
3	poignant comedy
2	that offers food for
2	offers food for
2	offers food
2	thought .
4	... a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
4	a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
2	a series of tales
2	a series
2	of tales
4	told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
4	told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing
3	with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing
4	the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing
3	the intricate preciseness
3	intricate preciseness
4	of the best short story writing
4	the best short story writing
4	best short story writing
4	best short
2	story writing
3	If you 're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life , Eisenstein delivers .
2	If you 're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
2	you 're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
3	're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
4	content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
4	with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
3	a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
4	a clever pseudo-bio
3	clever pseudo-bio
3	that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
3	manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
3	to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
3	have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
3	have a good time
3	a good time
3	good time
2	as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
2	it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
2	doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
2	doles out
3	pieces of the famous director 's life
2	of the famous director 's life
2	the famous director 's life
2	the famous director 's
2	famous director 's
2	director 's
4	, Eisenstein delivers .
3	Eisenstein delivers .
3	delivers .
3	This filmed Tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed Tosca that you want .
2	This filmed Tosca -- not the first , by the way --
2	This filmed Tosca
2	filmed Tosca
1	-- not the first , by the way --
2	not the first , by the way --
2	not the first , by the way
2	not the first ,
2	not the first
2	the first
2	by the way
2	the way
3	is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed Tosca that you want .
2	is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed Tosca that you want
3	is a pretty good job ,
3	is a pretty good job
3	a pretty good job
2	pretty good job
3	pretty good
3	if it 's filmed Tosca that you want
2	it 's filmed Tosca that you want
2	's filmed Tosca that you want
2	filmed Tosca that you want
2	filmed Tosca
2	that you want
2	you want
1	I 'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .
1	'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .
1	'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper
1	stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper
1	stay with the stage versions , however ,
2	stay with the stage versions , however
2	stay with the stage versions ,
1	stay with the stage versions
2	with the stage versions
2	the stage versions
2	stage versions
2	which bite cleaner , and deeper
2	bite cleaner , and deeper
3	cleaner , and deeper
2	, and deeper
3	, and
3	While the path may be familiar , first-time director Denzel Washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .
2	While the path may be familiar
2	the path may be familiar
2	the path
2	may be familiar
3	be familiar
3	, first-time director Denzel Washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .
4	first-time director Denzel Washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .
4	first-time director Denzel Washington and a top-notch cast
2	first-time director Denzel Washington and
2	first-time director Denzel Washington
2	director Denzel Washington
2	Denzel Washington
3	a top-notch cast
4	top-notch cast
3	manage to keep things interesting .
3	manage to keep things interesting
3	to keep things interesting
3	keep things interesting
3	things interesting
3	An engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale .
2	An engaging criminal
3	engaging criminal
2	romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale .
3	romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale
3	that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale
2	will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale
4	have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale
2	viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale
2	viewers guessing just
2	guessing just
3	who 's being conned right up to the finale
1	's being conned right up to the finale
2	being conned right up to the finale
2	conned right up to the finale
2	conned right up
2	right up
2	to the finale
2	the finale
3	The picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .
2	The picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance
2	The picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but
1	The picture runs a mere 84 minutes ,
2	The picture runs a mere 84 minutes
2	The picture
2	runs a mere 84 minutes
2	a mere 84 minutes
2	mere 84 minutes
2	84 minutes
2	it 's no glance
2	's no glance
2	no glance
4	It 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .
4	's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .
4	's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing
4	a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing
4	a head-turner -- thoughtfully written ,
3	a head-turner -- thoughtfully written
3	a head-turner
3	-- thoughtfully written
3	thoughtfully written
4	beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing
3	beautifully read and , finally ,
4	beautifully read and
3	beautifully read
2	, finally ,
2	finally ,
3	deeply humanizing
3	It asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .
2	asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .
3	asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
3	nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
3	of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
3	the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
2	the audience
3	other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
4	than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
3	to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
4	sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
2	sit back and
2	sit back
3	enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
4	a couple of great actors hamming it up
2	a couple
1	of great actors hamming it up
3	great actors hamming it up
4	great actors
2	hamming it up
2	hamming it
3	It is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .
2	is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .
3	is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients
2	is as uncompromising
2	as uncompromising
2	as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients
3	it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients
3	is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients
3	is nonjudgmental , and
2	is nonjudgmental ,
2	is nonjudgmental
2	makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients
2	clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients
1	that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients
2	a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients
1	a prostitute
2	can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients
2	be as lonely and needy as any of the clients
1	be as lonely and needy
2	as lonely and needy
1	lonely and needy
2	lonely and
2	as any of the clients
2	any of the clients
3	of the clients
2	the clients
3	`` Barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
4	Barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
4	'' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
4	is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
4	is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story
3	a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story
4	a good-hearted ensemble comedy
4	good-hearted ensemble comedy
2	ensemble comedy
4	with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story
3	a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story
2	a variety
4	of quirky characters and an engaging story
4	quirky characters and an engaging story
2	quirky characters and
2	quirky characters
3	an engaging story
3	engaging story
4	Tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
3	is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
4	is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
4	in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
4	many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
4	many ways the perfect festival film :
3	many ways the perfect festival film
2	many ways
3	the perfect festival film
3	perfect festival film
2	festival film
3	a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
3	a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship
3	a calm , self-assured portrait
3	calm , self-assured portrait
2	calm , self-assured
3	, self-assured
3	of small town regret , love , duty and friendship
2	small town regret , love , duty and friendship
2	town regret , love , duty and friendship
3	regret , love , duty and friendship
3	, love , duty and friendship
3	love , duty and friendship
3	, duty and friendship
2	duty and friendship
2	duty and
3	that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
3	appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
3	to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
3	the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
2	the storytelling instincts
2	storytelling instincts
3	of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
2	a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
2	slightly more literate filmgoing audience
2	slightly more literate
2	more literate
2	filmgoing audience
4	I like this movie a lot .
4	like this movie a lot .
3	like this movie a lot
2	this movie a lot
2	this movie
2	a lot
3	I like that Smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them .
2	like that Smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them .
2	like that Smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them
2	that Smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them
2	Smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them
2	, he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them
2	, he 's not making fun of these people ,
2	he 's not making fun of these people ,
2	he 's not making fun of these people
2	's not making fun of these people
2	's not
2	making fun of these people
2	fun of these people
2	of these people
2	these people
2	he 's not laughing at them
2	's not laughing at them
2	's not
2	laughing at them
2	at them
2	... the implication is Kissinger may have decided that -- when it comes to truncheoning -- it 's better to give than to receive .
2	the implication is Kissinger may have decided that -- when it comes to truncheoning -- it 's better to give than to receive .
2	the implication
2	is Kissinger may have decided that -- when it comes to truncheoning -- it 's better to give than to receive .
2	is Kissinger may have decided that -- when it comes to truncheoning -- it 's better to give than to receive
2	Kissinger may have decided that -- when it comes to truncheoning -- it 's better to give than to receive
2	may have decided that -- when it comes to truncheoning -- it 's better to give than to receive
2	have decided that -- when it comes to truncheoning -- it 's better to give than to receive
2	decided that -- when it comes to truncheoning -- it 's better to give than to receive
2	that -- when it comes to truncheoning -- it 's better to give than to receive
2	that -- when it comes to truncheoning --
2	-- when it comes to truncheoning --
1	when it comes to truncheoning --
2	when it comes to truncheoning
2	it comes to truncheoning
2	comes to truncheoning
2	to truncheoning
2	it 's better to give than to receive
2	's better to give than to receive
3	's better
2	to give than to receive
2	give than to receive
2	than to receive
2	to receive
3	` What 's the Russian word for Wow !? '
3	What 's the Russian word for Wow !? '
3	's the Russian word for Wow !? '
3	the Russian word for Wow !? '
2	the Russian word
2	Russian word
2	for Wow !? '
2	Wow !? '
2	!? '
3	Kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .
2	has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .
2	has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope
3	crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope
3	crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and
2	crafted a deceptively casual ode to children
3	crafted a deceptively casual ode
3	a deceptively casual ode
2	deceptively casual ode
2	casual ode
2	to children
3	managed to convey a tiny sense of hope
2	to convey a tiny sense of hope
3	convey a tiny sense of hope
3	a tiny sense of hope
2	a tiny sense
2	tiny sense
3	of hope
4	I had more fun watching Spy than I had with most of the big summer movies .
4	had more fun watching Spy than I had with most of the big summer movies .
4	had more fun watching Spy than I had with most of the big summer movies
4	more fun watching Spy than I had with most of the big summer movies
2	more fun
2	watching Spy than I had with most of the big summer movies
3	watching Spy
2	than I had with most of the big summer movies
2	I had with most of the big summer movies
2	had with most of the big summer movies
3	with most of the big summer movies
2	most of the big summer movies
3	of the big summer movies
3	the big summer movies
3	big summer movies
2	summer movies
3	What Lee does so marvelously compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
4	Lee does so marvelously compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
3	does so marvelously compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
4	so marvelously compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
3	marvelously compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
4	compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
3	is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
3	present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
2	present Brown
3	as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
3	a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
2	a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless
3	a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ...
3	a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America
2	a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood
2	a catalyst
2	for the struggle of black manhood
2	the struggle of black manhood
2	the struggle
2	of black manhood
2	black manhood
2	in restrictive and chaotic America
2	restrictive and chaotic America
0	restrictive and chaotic
2	restrictive and
1	sketchy but nevertheless
2	sketchy but
4	gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
3	gripping portrait
3	of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
3	Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
2	Jim Brown ,
3	Jim Brown
4	a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
4	a celebrated wonder
3	celebrated wonder
2	in the spotlight
3	the spotlight
2	Murder by Numbers ' is n't a great movie , but it 's a perfectly acceptable widget .
2	Murder by Numbers ' is n't a great movie , but it 's a perfectly acceptable widget
1	Murder by Numbers ' is n't a great movie , but
0	Murder by Numbers ' is n't a great movie ,
0	Murder by Numbers ' is n't a great movie
2	Murder by Numbers '
2	by Numbers '
2	Numbers '
1	is n't a great movie
1	is n't
4	a great movie
4	great movie
3	it 's a perfectly acceptable widget
3	's a perfectly acceptable widget
3	a perfectly acceptable widget
3	perfectly acceptable widget
3	perfectly acceptable
3	For those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , Sex and Lucia may well prove diverting enough .
2	For those of an indulgent
2	those of an indulgent
2	of an indulgent
2	an indulgent
2	, slightly sunbaked and summery mind , Sex and Lucia may well prove diverting enough .
3	slightly sunbaked and summery mind , Sex and Lucia may well prove diverting enough .
3	slightly sunbaked and summery mind , Sex and Lucia
3	slightly sunbaked and summery mind , Sex and
2	slightly sunbaked and summery mind , Sex
2	slightly sunbaked and summery mind ,
2	slightly sunbaked and summery mind
2	slightly sunbaked and summery
2	sunbaked and summery
2	sunbaked and
2	may well prove diverting enough .
2	may well prove diverting enough
3	may well
3	prove diverting enough
2	diverting enough
3	What -LRB- Denis -RRB- accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .
3	What -LRB- Denis -RRB- accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film
3	-LRB- Denis -RRB- accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film
4	Denis -RRB- accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film
2	-RRB- accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film
3	accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film
3	in his chilling , unnerving film
2	his chilling , unnerving film
3	chilling , unnerving film
2	chilling , unnerving
2	, unnerving
2	is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .
2	is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned
2	a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned
2	a double portrait
2	double portrait
2	of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned
1	two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned
2	two young women
2	young women
1	whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned
2	whose lives
1	were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned
1	as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned
0	as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly
0	claustrophic , suffocating and chilly
2	, suffocating and chilly
2	suffocating and chilly
2	suffocating and
2	as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned
2	the attics to which they were inevitably consigned
2	the attics
2	to which they were inevitably consigned
2	to which
2	they were inevitably consigned
2	were inevitably consigned
1	inevitably consigned
4	A well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .
4	A well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature
3	A well-done film
4	well-done film
3	of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature
3	a self-reflexive , philosophical nature
2	self-reflexive , philosophical nature
2	, philosophical nature
2	philosophical nature
4	Texan director George Ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare .
3	Texan director George Ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare
2	Texan director George Ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and
3	Texan director George Ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings ,
2	Texan director George Ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings
2	Texan director George Ratliff
2	director George Ratliff
2	George Ratliff
2	had unlimited access to families and church meetings
3	unlimited access to families and church meetings
3	unlimited access
2	to families and church meetings
3	families and church meetings
3	and church meetings
2	church meetings
4	he delivers fascinating psychological fare
3	delivers fascinating psychological fare
4	fascinating psychological fare
2	psychological fare
3	The rich performances by Friel -- and especially Williams , an American actress who becomes fully English -- round out the square edges .
3	The rich performances by Friel -- and especially Williams , an American actress who becomes fully English --
3	The rich performances by Friel
3	The rich performances
4	rich performances
2	by Friel
3	-- and especially Williams , an American actress who becomes fully English --
3	-- and especially Williams , an American actress who becomes fully English
2	-- and
3	especially Williams , an American actress who becomes fully English
2	especially Williams ,
2	especially Williams
3	an American actress who becomes fully English
2	an American actress
2	American actress
2	who becomes fully English
2	becomes fully English
2	fully English
3	round out the square edges .
2	round out the square edges
2	round out
2	the square edges
2	square edges
3	The new Insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .
4	The new Insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
3	The new Insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and
3	The new Insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor ,
3	The new Insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor
3	The new Insomnia
2	new Insomnia
3	is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor
4	a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor
3	a surprisingly faithful remake
2	surprisingly faithful remake
3	surprisingly faithful
2	of its chilly predecessor
2	its chilly predecessor
2	chilly predecessor
2	when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
2	when it does elect to head off in its own direction
3	it does elect to head off in its own direction
2	does elect to head off in its own direction
2	elect to head off in its own direction
3	to head off in its own direction
2	head off in its own direction
2	head off
3	in its own direction
3	its own direction
2	own direction
2	, it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
3	it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
3	employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
2	changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
2	changes that fit it well rather than
2	changes that fit it
2	that fit it
2	fit it
2	well rather than
2	rather than
1	ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
1	that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
1	were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
2	imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
2	for the sake of commercial sensibilities
2	the sake of commercial sensibilities
2	the sake
2	of commercial sensibilities
2	commercial sensibilities
4	A film in a class with Spike Lee 's masterful Do The Right Thing .
4	A film in a class with Spike Lee 's masterful
2	A film
3	in a class with Spike Lee 's masterful
3	a class with Spike Lee 's masterful
2	a class
4	with Spike Lee 's masterful
2	Spike Lee 's masterful
2	Spike Lee 's
2	Lee 's
2	Do The Right Thing .
2	Do The Right Thing
3	The Right Thing
2	Right Thing
4	Jagger , Stoppard and director Michael Apted ... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .
2	Jagger , Stoppard and director Michael Apted
3	Jagger , Stoppard and
2	Jagger , Stoppard
2	Jagger ,
2	director Michael Apted
2	Michael Apted
4	... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .
3	deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .
4	deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride
4	a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride
4	riveting and surprisingly romantic ride
4	riveting and surprisingly romantic
3	riveting and
3	surprisingly romantic
2	Greengrass -LRB- working from Don Mullan 's script -RRB- forgoes the larger socio-political picture of the situation in Northern Ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation .
2	Greengrass -LRB- working from Don Mullan 's script -RRB-
2	-LRB- working from Don Mullan 's script -RRB-
2	working from Don Mullan 's script -RRB-
2	working from Don Mullan 's script
2	from Don Mullan 's script
2	Don Mullan 's script
2	Don Mullan 's
2	Mullan 's
2	forgoes the larger socio-political picture of the situation in Northern Ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation .
3	forgoes the larger socio-political picture of the situation in Northern Ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation
3	the larger socio-political picture of the situation in Northern Ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation
2	the larger socio-political picture of the situation in Northern Ireland in favour of an approach
2	the larger socio-political picture
2	larger socio-political picture
2	socio-political picture
2	of the situation in Northern Ireland in favour of an approach
2	the situation in Northern Ireland in favour of an approach
2	the situation
3	in Northern Ireland in favour of an approach
2	Northern Ireland in favour of an approach
2	Northern Ireland
2	in favour of an approach
2	favour of an approach
2	of an approach
2	an approach
3	that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation
2	throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation
2	throws one
3	in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation
2	the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation
2	the pulsating thick
2	pulsating thick
1	of a truly frightening situation
1	a truly frightening situation
3	truly frightening situation
2	truly frightening
3	A thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .
4	A thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation
3	A thought-provoking and often-funny drama
4	thought-provoking and often-funny drama
3	and often-funny drama
3	often-funny drama
2	about isolation
4	Whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen .
2	Whatever one makes of its political edge
2	one makes of its political edge
3	one makes
2	of its political edge
2	its political edge
2	political edge
4	, this is beautiful filmmaking from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen .
3	this is beautiful filmmaking from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen .
4	is beautiful filmmaking from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen .
3	is beautiful filmmaking from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen
3	is beautiful
4	filmmaking from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen
3	from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen
4	one of French cinema 's master craftsmen
3	of French cinema 's master craftsmen
3	French cinema 's master craftsmen
2	French cinema 's
2	cinema 's
3	master craftsmen
3	Mama Africa pretty much delivers on that promise .
2	Mama Africa
3	pretty much delivers on that promise .
2	pretty much
3	delivers on that promise .
4	delivers on that promise
2	on that promise
2	that promise
2	It does give you a peek .
2	does give you a peek .
2	does give you a peek
2	give you a peek
3	give you
2	a peek
2	The main problem being that it 's only a peek .
1	The main problem
2	main problem
2	being that it 's only a peek .
2	being that it 's only a peek
2	that it 's only a peek
2	it 's only a peek
2	's only a peek
2	's only
2	a peek
3	Roman Polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` Shindler 's List ' - it is more than merely a Holocaust movie .
3	Roman Polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` Shindler 's List ' - it is more than merely a Holocaust movie
4	Roman Polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` Shindler 's List ' -
3	Roman Polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` Shindler 's List '
2	Roman Polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption
2	Roman Polanski 's autobiographical gesture
2	Roman Polanski 's
2	Polanski 's
2	autobiographical gesture
2	at redemption
4	is better than ` Shindler 's List '
4	better than ` Shindler 's List '
2	than ` Shindler 's List '
2	` Shindler 's List '
2	Shindler 's List '
2	Shindler 's
2	List '
3	it is more than merely a Holocaust movie
3	is more than merely a Holocaust movie
3	more than merely a Holocaust movie
2	more than merely
2	than merely
2	a Holocaust movie
2	Holocaust movie
2	A perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film .
3	A perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive
3	perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive
3	perfectly respectable ,
3	perfectly respectable
3	perfectly inoffensive
1	, easily forgettable film .
0	easily forgettable film .
0	easily forgettable film
0	forgettable film
4	Romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .
2	Romanek 's themes
2	Romanek 's
4	are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .
3	are every bit as distinctive as his visuals
2	are every bit as distinctive
3	every bit as distinctive
2	every bit
2	as distinctive
2	as his visuals
2	his visuals
3	Beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , One Hour Photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .
3	Beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork
3	the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork
3	the cleverness , the weirdness and
2	the cleverness , the weirdness
3	the cleverness ,
3	the cleverness
2	the weirdness
3	the pristine camerawork
4	pristine camerawork
2	, One Hour Photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .
3	One Hour Photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .
2	One Hour Photo
2	Hour Photo
3	is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .
3	is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures
2	a sobering meditation on why we take pictures
3	a sobering meditation
2	sobering meditation
2	on why we take pictures
2	why we take pictures
2	we take pictures
2	take pictures
2	Seeing Seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on Letterman with a clinical eye reminds you that the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but .
3	Seeing Seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on Letterman with a clinical eye
3	Seeing Seinfeld at home
2	Seeing Seinfeld
2	at home
2	as he watches his own appearance on Letterman with a clinical eye
2	he watches his own appearance on Letterman with a clinical eye
1	watches his own appearance on Letterman with a clinical eye
2	watches his own appearance
2	his own appearance
2	own appearance
2	on Letterman with a clinical eye
3	Letterman with a clinical eye
2	with a clinical eye
2	a clinical eye
2	clinical eye
3	reminds you that the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but .
3	reminds you that the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but
2	reminds you
2	that the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but
3	the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but
2	the key to stand-up
2	the key
2	to stand-up
3	is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but
3	to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but
3	always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but
3	make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but
2	it look easy , even though the reality is anything but
3	look easy , even though the reality is anything but
2	look easy ,
3	look easy
1	even though the reality is anything but
2	though the reality is anything but
2	the reality is anything but
2	the reality
2	is anything but
2	is anything
4	Speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .
3	eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .
3	eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life
2	about the symbiotic relationship between art and life
2	the symbiotic relationship between art and life
2	the symbiotic relationship
3	symbiotic relationship
2	between art and life
2	art and life
2	art and
3	The work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims .
3	The work of an artist
2	The work
2	of an artist
2	an artist
2	tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims .
3	tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims
2	tormented by his heritage ,
1	tormented by his heritage
2	by his heritage
2	his heritage
2	using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims
3	using his storytelling ability
2	his storytelling ability
3	storytelling ability
3	to honor the many faceless victims
3	honor the many faceless victims
2	the many faceless victims
2	many faceless victims
2	faceless victims
1	The audacity to view one of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion .
2	The audacity to view one of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy
1	audacity to view one of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy
3	to view one of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy
2	view one of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy
2	view one of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies
3	one of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies
3	of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies
3	Shakespeare 's better known tragedies
2	Shakespeare 's
2	better known tragedies
2	better known
2	as a dark comedy
2	a dark comedy
3	dark comedy
3	is , by itself , deserving of discussion .
3	is , by itself , deserving of discussion
2	is , by itself ,
2	is , by itself
2	is ,
2	by itself
3	deserving of discussion
2	of discussion
4	This is an exercise in chilling style , and Twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .
3	is an exercise in chilling style , and Twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .
3	is an exercise in chilling style , and Twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery
3	is an exercise in chilling style , and Twohy films the sub , inside and out ,
3	is an exercise in chilling style , and Twohy films the sub , inside and out
3	an exercise in chilling style , and Twohy films the sub , inside and out
2	an exercise in chilling style , and
4	an exercise in chilling style ,
3	an exercise in chilling style
2	an exercise
3	in chilling style
3	chilling style
2	Twohy films the sub , inside and out
2	Twohy films the sub ,
2	Twohy films the sub
2	Twohy films
2	the sub
2	inside and out
2	inside and
3	with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery
3	an eye on preserving a sense of mystery
2	an eye
2	on preserving a sense of mystery
3	preserving a sense of mystery
3	a sense of mystery
2	a sense
2	of mystery
3	An uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from American cinema .
2	An uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from American cinema
1	An uncomfortable experience , but
1	An uncomfortable experience ,
0	An uncomfortable experience
2	An uncomfortable
4	one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from American cinema
3	as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from American cinema
3	as brave and challenging
3	brave and challenging
3	brave and
2	as you could possibly expect these days from American cinema
2	you could possibly expect these days from American cinema
2	could possibly expect these days from American cinema
2	could possibly
2	expect these days from American cinema
2	expect these days
2	these days
2	from American cinema
2	American cinema
4	Hailed as a clever exercise in neo-Hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately Chabrolian .
2	Hailed as a clever exercise in neo-Hitchcockianism
3	as a clever exercise in neo-Hitchcockianism
3	a clever exercise in neo-Hitchcockianism
3	a clever exercise
3	clever exercise
2	in neo-Hitchcockianism
4	, this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately Chabrolian .
3	this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately Chabrolian .
4	this clever and very satisfying picture
4	clever and very satisfying picture
3	clever and very satisfying
3	clever and
4	very satisfying
3	is more accurately Chabrolian .
2	is more accurately Chabrolian
2	is more accurately
2	more accurately
3	Funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .
3	Funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness
3	Funny and
3	also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness
4	heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness
2	without stooping to gooeyness
1	stooping to gooeyness
2	to gooeyness
2	At the film 's centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , Michel Piccoli .
3	the film 's centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , Michel Piccoli .
2	the film 's centre
2	the film 's
2	film 's
3	is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , Michel Piccoli .
4	is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , Michel Piccoli
4	a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , Michel Piccoli
3	a precisely layered performance
4	precisely layered performance
3	layered performance
2	by an actor in his mid-seventies , Michel Piccoli
2	an actor in his mid-seventies , Michel Piccoli
2	an actor
2	in his mid-seventies , Michel Piccoli
2	his mid-seventies , Michel Piccoli
2	his mid-seventies ,
2	his mid-seventies
2	Michel Piccoli
3	The viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful Molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .
2	The viewer
3	takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful Molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .
3	takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful Molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers
3	takes great pleasure
4	great pleasure
3	in watching the resourceful Molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers
2	watching the resourceful Molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers
2	the resourceful Molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers
3	the resourceful Molly
2	resourceful Molly
2	stay a step ahead of her pursuers
2	a step ahead of her pursuers
2	a step
2	ahead of her pursuers
2	of her pursuers
2	her pursuers
3	With amazing finesse , the film shadows Heidi 's trip back to Vietnam and the city where her mother , Mai Thi Kim , still lives .
3	With amazing finesse
4	amazing finesse
2	, the film shadows Heidi 's trip back to Vietnam and the city where her mother , Mai Thi Kim , still lives .
2	the film shadows Heidi 's trip back to Vietnam and the city where her mother , Mai Thi Kim , still lives .
2	the film
2	shadows Heidi 's trip back to Vietnam and the city where her mother , Mai Thi Kim , still lives .
2	shadows Heidi 's trip back to Vietnam and the city where her mother , Mai Thi Kim , still lives
2	shadows Heidi 's trip back to Vietnam and the city
2	shadows Heidi 's trip
2	Heidi 's trip
2	Heidi 's
2	back to Vietnam and the city
2	to Vietnam and the city
2	Vietnam and the city
2	Vietnam and
2	the city
2	where her mother , Mai Thi Kim , still lives
2	her mother , Mai Thi Kim , still lives
2	her mother , Mai Thi Kim ,
2	her mother , Mai Thi Kim
2	her mother ,
2	her mother
2	Mai Thi Kim
2	Thi Kim
2	still lives
4	Director Charles Stone III applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about Drumline is its energy .
3	Director Charles Stone III applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about Drumline is its energy
1	Director Charles Stone III applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ;
1	Director Charles Stone III applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line
2	Director Charles Stone III
2	Charles Stone III
2	Stone III
1	applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line
2	applies more detail to the film 's music
2	applies more detail
2	more detail
3	to the film 's music
2	the film 's music
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	than to the story line
2	to the story line
2	the story line
2	story line
4	what 's best about Drumline is its energy
3	what 's best about
2	's best about
3	best about
3	Drumline is its energy
3	is its energy
2	its energy
4	A heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts .
4	A heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts
3	A heroic tale
2	heroic tale
4	of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts
3	persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts
3	that is sure to win viewers ' hearts
4	is sure to win viewers ' hearts
4	sure to win viewers ' hearts
2	to win viewers ' hearts
2	win viewers ' hearts
2	viewers ' hearts
2	viewers '
2	It 's all a rather shapeless good time ...
2	's all a rather shapeless good time ...
3	's all a rather shapeless good time
2	's all
3	a rather shapeless good time
3	rather shapeless good time
1	rather shapeless
3	good time
3	has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .
3	has far more energy
3	far more energy
2	far more
3	, wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .
3	wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .
3	wit and warmth
2	wit and
2	than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .
1	should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .
1	should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title
1	be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title
2	expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title
2	expected from any movie with a `` 2 ''
1	from any movie with a `` 2 ''
2	any movie with a `` 2 ''
2	any movie
2	with a `` 2 ''
2	a `` 2 ''
2	`` 2 ''
2	2 ''
2	at the end of its title
2	the end of its title
2	the end
2	of its title
2	its title
3	A little better than Sorcerer 's Stone .
3	A little better than Sorcerer 's Stone
2	A little
3	better than Sorcerer 's Stone
2	than Sorcerer 's Stone
2	Sorcerer 's Stone
2	Sorcerer 's
3	A chilling movie without oppressive gore .
3	A chilling movie without oppressive
3	A chilling movie
3	chilling movie
3	without oppressive
2	gore .
3	A uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .
4	A uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession
3	A uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization
3	uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization
3	uniquely sensual
2	metaphorical dramatization
2	of sexual obsession
2	sexual obsession
0	that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .
1	that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot
1	spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot
1	spends a bit too much time
2	spends a bit
2	a bit
1	too much time
2	much time
1	on its fairly ludicrous plot
2	its fairly ludicrous plot
1	fairly ludicrous plot
1	fairly ludicrous
3	If you like peace , you 'll like Promises .
2	If you like peace
3	you like peace
3	like peace
3	, you 'll like Promises .
3	you 'll like Promises .
2	'll like Promises .
2	'll like Promises
2	like Promises
4	Be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .
4	Be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense
4	prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense
3	to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense
4	cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense
4	to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense
4	the edge of your seat , tense with suspense
3	the edge
4	of your seat , tense with suspense
4	your seat , tense with suspense
2	your seat ,
2	your seat
3	tense with suspense
2	with suspense
3	The Ring never lets you off the hook .
2	The Ring
3	never lets you off the hook .
2	lets you off the hook .
2	lets you off the hook
2	lets you
3	off the hook
2	the hook
4	Thumbs up to Paxton for not falling into the Hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .
3	Thumbs up to Paxton for not falling into the Hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer
4	Thumbs up to Paxton
3	Thumbs up
2	to Paxton
2	for not falling into the Hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer
3	not falling into the Hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer
1	falling into the Hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer
1	falling into the Hollywood trap and
1	falling into the Hollywood trap
2	into the Hollywood trap
2	the Hollywood trap
1	Hollywood trap
2	making a vanity project with nothing new to offer
1	making a vanity project with nothing new
2	making a vanity project
1	a vanity project
1	vanity project
2	with nothing new
0	nothing new
2	to offer
4	At once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .
2	At once
2	disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .
4	disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious
3	straightforward and strikingly devious
2	straightforward and
3	strikingly devious
4	If you like quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic , here 's a fun one .
3	If you like quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic
2	you like quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic
3	like quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic
3	quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic
2	quirky , odd movies
2	, odd movies
1	odd movies
2	and\/or the ironic
2	the ironic
3	, here 's a fun one .
3	here 's a fun one .
3	's a fun one .
2	's a fun one
3	a fun one
3	fun one
4	Sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .
3	Sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction
3	Sensitive ensemble performances and
3	Sensitive ensemble performances
2	ensemble performances
3	good period reconstruction
2	period reconstruction
3	add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .
3	add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments
2	add up
3	to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments
3	a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments
2	a moving tragedy
3	moving tragedy
2	with some buoyant human moments
3	some buoyant human moments
2	buoyant human moments
3	human moments
1	It 's not the least of Afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .
2	's not the least of Afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .
2	's not the least of Afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history
2	's not the least of Afghan tragedies
2	's not
2	the least of Afghan tragedies
2	the least
1	of Afghan tragedies
1	Afghan tragedies
1	that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history
1	this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history
2	this noble warlord
2	noble warlord
1	would be consigned to the dustbin of history
1	be consigned to the dustbin of history
1	consigned to the dustbin of history
1	to the dustbin of history
2	the dustbin of history
2	the dustbin
2	of history
4	It 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by Kwan 's unique directing style .
3	's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by Kwan 's unique directing style .
3	's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by Kwan 's unique directing style
3	a lovely , sad dance highlighted by Kwan 's unique directing style
3	a lovely , sad dance
3	lovely , sad dance
1	, sad dance
2	sad dance
3	highlighted by Kwan 's unique directing style
2	by Kwan 's unique directing style
3	Kwan 's unique directing style
2	Kwan 's
3	unique directing style
2	directing style
4	The script by David Koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level .
4	The script by David Koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level
3	The script by David Koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ...
3	The script by David Koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul
2	The script by David Koepp
2	The script
2	by David Koepp
2	David Koepp
3	is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul
3	perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul
3	perfectly serviceable and
3	perfectly serviceable
3	because he gives the story some soul
3	he gives the story some soul
3	gives the story some soul
2	gives the story
2	the story
3	some soul
2	he elevates the experience to a more mythic level
3	elevates the experience to a more mythic level
3	elevates the experience
2	the experience
3	to a more mythic level
3	a more mythic level
2	more mythic level
2	mythic level
3	This is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce .
4	is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce .
4	is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce
3	a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce
3	a visually stunning rumination
4	visually stunning rumination
4	visually stunning
2	on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce
2	love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce
3	love , memory , history and
3	love , memory , history
2	love , memory ,
3	love , memory
2	love ,
2	the war between art and commerce
2	the war
2	between art and commerce
3	art and commerce
2	art and
3	Short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of Eudora Welty .
3	Short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of Eudora Welty
2	Short-story quaint ,
3	Short-story quaint
3	touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of Eudora Welty
1	mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of Eudora Welty
2	mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication
2	a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication
0	a child 's pain
2	a child 's
2	child 's
2	for his dead mother via communication
2	his dead mother via communication
1	his dead mother
1	dead mother
2	via communication
2	with an old woman straight out of Eudora Welty
2	an old woman straight out of Eudora Welty
2	an old woman
2	old woman
2	straight out of Eudora Welty
3	out of Eudora Welty
2	of Eudora Welty
2	Eudora Welty
3	It 's always fascinating to watch Marker the essayist at work .
4	's always fascinating to watch Marker the essayist at work .
2	's always fascinating to watch Marker the essayist at work
2	's always
4	fascinating to watch Marker the essayist at work
2	to watch Marker the essayist at work
2	watch Marker the essayist at work
2	Marker the essayist at work
2	the essayist at work
2	the essayist
2	at work
3	A quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness .
3	A quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness
2	A quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose
2	A quiet family drama
3	quiet family drama
3	family drama
2	with a little bit of romance and a dose
3	a little bit of romance and a dose
2	a little bit
2	little bit
2	of romance and a dose
2	romance and a dose
2	romance and
2	a dose
2	of darkness
3	The tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals .
4	The tasteful little revision works
3	tasteful little revision works
3	little revision works
2	revision works
4	wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals .
4	wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals
2	wonders ,
3	enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals
3	the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals
2	the cultural and economic subtext ,
2	the cultural and economic subtext
3	cultural and economic subtext
2	cultural and economic
2	cultural and
3	bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals
2	bringing richer meaning
2	richer meaning
2	to the story 's morals
2	the story 's morals
2	the story 's
2	story 's
3	Kosminsky ... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .
0	... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .
1	puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .
1	puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting
1	puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material
3	puts enough salt
2	enough salt
2	into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material
1	the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material
2	the wounds
1	of the tortured and self-conscious material
1	the tortured and self-conscious material
1	tortured and self-conscious material
2	tortured and self-conscious
1	tortured and
2	to make it sting
1	make it sting
2	it sting
4	One of the greatest films I 've ever seen .
4	One of the greatest films
4	of the greatest films
3	the greatest films
3	greatest films
2	I 've ever seen .
2	've ever seen .
2	've ever seen
2	've ever
4	Its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .
3	Its gentle , touching story
3	gentle , touching story
3	gentle , touching
3	, touching
3	creeps into your heart .
3	creeps into your heart
3	into your heart
2	your heart
4	About as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .
2	About as big a crowdpleaser as
3	as big a crowdpleaser as
2	as big
4	a crowdpleaser as
3	a crowdpleaser
2	they possibly come .
2	possibly come .
2	come .
3	Bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time .
3	Bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time
3	to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time
3	appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time
2	to women looking for a howlingly trashy time
2	women looking for a howlingly trashy time
2	looking for a howlingly trashy time
2	for a howlingly trashy time
2	a howlingly trashy time
3	howlingly trashy time
1	trashy time
2	Even these tales of just seven children seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough .
2	Even these tales of just seven children
2	Even these tales
2	these tales
2	of just seven children
2	just seven children
2	seven children
2	seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough .
1	seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough
1	seem at times too many ,
1	seem at times too many
1	at times too many
2	times too many
1	too many
2	although in reality they are not enough
1	in reality they are not enough
2	in reality
1	they are not enough
2	are not enough
2	are not
2	Every child 's story is what matters .
2	Every child 's story
2	Every child 's
2	child 's
3	is what matters .
2	is what matters
2	what matters
3	This film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .
2	This film
3	can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .
3	can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost
2	can only point the way -- but
2	can only point the way --
2	can only point the way
2	can only
2	point the way
2	the way
2	thank goodness for this signpost
3	goodness for this signpost
2	for this signpost
2	this signpost
4	A poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .
4	A poignant and gently humorous
3	poignant and gently humorous
3	and gently humorous
3	gently humorous
3	parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .
4	parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature
4	that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature
4	loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature
3	loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful
3	loves its characters and communicates something
3	its characters and communicates something
2	characters and communicates something
3	and communicates something
3	communicates something
4	rather beautiful
2	about human nature
3	human nature
2	Real Women Have Curves does n't offer any easy answers .
2	Real Women Have Curves
2	Women Have Curves
2	Have Curves
3	does n't offer any easy answers .
2	does n't offer any easy answers
1	does n't
3	offer any easy answers
2	any easy answers
2	easy answers
2	Vampire epic succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order .
2	Vampire epic
2	succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order .
4	succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order
1	as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order
0	spooky action-packed trash of the highest order
1	spooky action-packed trash
1	action-packed trash
4	of the highest order
2	the highest order
2	highest order
3	One of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing .
4	One of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing
4	One of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but
4	One of the funniest motion pictures of the year ,
4	One of the funniest motion pictures of the year
3	One of the funniest motion
3	of the funniest motion
3	the funniest motion
3	funniest motion
2	pictures of the year
2	of the year
2	the year
1	... also one of the most curiously depressing
1	also one of the most curiously depressing
1	one of the most curiously depressing
1	of the most curiously depressing
2	the most curiously depressing
2	most curiously depressing
1	curiously depressing
3	While somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director George Clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .
4	While somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director George Clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out
4	While somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and
3	While somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one ,
3	While somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one
2	While somewhat less than it might have been
1	somewhat less than it might have been
1	somewhat less
2	than it might have been
1	it might have been
2	might have been
2	have been
3	, the film is a good one
4	the film is a good one
2	the film
3	is a good one
3	a good one
4	good one
3	you 've got to hand it to director George Clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out
3	've got to hand it to director George Clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out
3	got to hand it to director George Clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out
3	to hand it to director George Clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out
3	hand it to director George Clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out
3	hand it to director George Clooney
2	hand it
2	to director George Clooney
2	director George Clooney
2	George Clooney
2	for biting off such a big job the first time out
2	biting off such a big job the first time out
2	biting off such a big job
2	biting off
3	such a big job
2	a big job
2	big job
2	the first time out
2	the first time
2	first time
3	Like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .
3	Like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film
3	the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film
2	the chilled breath
2	chilled breath
3	of oral storytelling frozen onto film
3	oral storytelling frozen onto film
2	oral storytelling
2	frozen onto film
2	onto film
3	A charmer from Belgium .
3	A charmer from Belgium
3	A charmer
2	from Belgium
4	A wild , endearing , masterful documentary .
4	A wild , endearing , masterful documentary
4	wild , endearing , masterful documentary
4	wild , endearing , masterful
4	, endearing , masterful
4	endearing , masterful
3	, masterful
3	Jackie Chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing .
4	Jackie Chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing
3	Jackie Chan movies are a guilty pleasure -
3	Jackie Chan movies are a guilty pleasure
2	Jackie Chan movies
2	Chan movies
2	are a guilty pleasure
4	a guilty pleasure
2	guilty pleasure
3	he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing
4	's easy to like and always leaves us laughing
3	's easy to like and always
3	's easy to like and
3	's easy to like
3	easy to like
3	to like
4	leaves us laughing
2	us laughing
3	Brown Sugar signals director Rick Famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in African-American cinema .
2	Brown Sugar
3	signals director Rick Famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in African-American cinema .
4	signals director Rick Famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in African-American cinema
3	director Rick Famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in African-American cinema
2	director Rick Famuyiwa 's emergence
2	director Rick Famuyiwa 's
2	Rick Famuyiwa 's
2	Famuyiwa 's
3	as an articulate , grown-up voice in African-American cinema
3	an articulate , grown-up voice in African-American cinema
3	an articulate , grown-up voice
3	articulate , grown-up voice
2	, grown-up voice
3	grown-up voice
2	in African-American cinema
2	African-American cinema
3	With exquisite craftsmanship ... Olivier Assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois French society .
4	With exquisite craftsmanship
3	exquisite craftsmanship
3	... Olivier Assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois French society .
3	Olivier Assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois French society .
2	Olivier Assayas
3	has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois French society .
3	has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois French society
3	fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois French society
3	fashioned an absorbing look
3	an absorbing look
3	absorbing look
2	at provincial bourgeois French society
2	provincial bourgeois French society
3	bourgeois French society
2	French society
3	It 's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as The Son 's Room .
4	's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as The Son 's Room .
4	's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as The Son 's Room
2	's rare for any movie
3	rare for any movie
2	for any movie
2	any movie
3	to be as subtle and touching as The Son 's Room
3	be as subtle and touching as The Son 's Room
3	as subtle and touching as The Son 's Room
2	as subtle and
2	as subtle
3	touching as The Son 's Room
2	as The Son 's Room
2	The Son 's Room
2	The Son 's
2	Son 's
3	It has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at .
2	has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at .
3	has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at
3	has a way of seeping into your consciousness ,
3	has a way of seeping into your consciousness
3	a way of seeping into your consciousness
2	a way
2	of seeping into your consciousness
2	seeping into your consciousness
2	into your consciousness
2	your consciousness
1	with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at
1	lingering questions about what the film is really getting at
2	lingering questions
2	about what the film is really getting at
2	what the film is really getting at
2	the film is really getting at
2	the film
2	is really getting at
2	is really
2	getting at
2	Maelstrom is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements .
2	is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements .
3	is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements
3	a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements
2	a deliberately unsteady mixture
2	deliberately unsteady mixture
1	deliberately unsteady
2	of stylistic elements
2	stylistic elements
4	-LRB- Leigh -RRB- has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors -LRB- improvised over many months -RRB- and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
2	-LRB- Leigh -RRB-
2	Leigh -RRB-
4	has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors -LRB- improvised over many months -RRB- and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
4	has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors -LRB- improvised over many months -RRB- and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
4	a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors -LRB- improvised over many months -RRB- and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
4	a true talent
3	true talent
4	for drawing wrenching performances from his actors -LRB- improvised over many months -RRB- and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
3	drawing wrenching performances from his actors -LRB- improvised over many months -RRB- and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
3	drawing wrenching performances
4	wrenching performances
4	from his actors -LRB- improvised over many months -RRB- and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
2	from his actors
2	his actors
3	-LRB- improvised over many months -RRB- and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
2	-LRB- improvised over many months -RRB- and
2	-LRB- improvised over many months -RRB-
2	improvised over many months -RRB-
2	improvised over many months
2	over many months
2	many months
3	for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
3	conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
3	the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
2	the way
3	tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
3	tiny acts of kindness
2	tiny acts
2	of kindness
2	make ordinary life survivable
2	ordinary life survivable
2	life survivable
3	-LRB- D -RRB- espite its familiar subject matter , Ice Age is consistently amusing and engrossing ...
2	-LRB- D -RRB- espite its familiar subject matter
2	-LRB- D -RRB-
3	D -RRB-
2	espite its familiar subject matter
2	its familiar subject matter
2	familiar subject matter
2	familiar subject
4	, Ice Age is consistently amusing and engrossing ...
4	Ice Age is consistently amusing and engrossing ...
2	Ice Age
3	is consistently amusing and engrossing ...
4	is consistently amusing and engrossing
3	is consistently
3	amusing and engrossing
4	amusing and
3	The ingenious construction -LRB- adapted by David Hare from Michael Cunningham 's novel -RRB- constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
3	The ingenious construction -LRB- adapted by David Hare from Michael Cunningham 's novel -RRB-
3	The ingenious construction
2	ingenious construction
2	-LRB- adapted by David Hare from Michael Cunningham 's novel -RRB-
2	adapted by David Hare from Michael Cunningham 's novel -RRB-
2	adapted by David Hare from Michael Cunningham 's novel
2	by David Hare from Michael Cunningham 's novel
2	David Hare from Michael Cunningham 's novel
2	David Hare
2	from Michael Cunningham 's novel
2	Michael Cunningham 's novel
2	Michael Cunningham 's
2	Cunningham 's
3	constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
3	flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
2	flows forwards and back ,
2	flows forwards and back
2	forwards and back
2	forwards and
3	weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
2	weaving themes
3	among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
2	three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
2	three strands
2	which allow us to view events as if through a prism
2	allow us to view events as if through a prism
2	allow us
2	to view events as if through a prism
2	to view events as if
2	to view events
2	view events
2	as if
1	through a prism
2	a prism
3	Assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation .
3	Assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation
2	Assured , glossy and
3	Assured , glossy
2	Assured ,
2	shot through with brittle desperation
2	shot through
2	with brittle desperation
1	brittle desperation
3	The bottom line is the piece works brilliantly .
2	The bottom line
2	bottom line
4	is the piece works brilliantly .
4	is the piece works brilliantly
2	is the piece works
3	the piece works
2	piece works
3	It was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo .
3	was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo .
3	was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo
2	was only a matter of time
1	was only
2	a matter of time
2	a matter
2	of time
3	before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo
3	some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo
3	some savvy producer
3	savvy producer
3	saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo
4	the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo
3	the potential success
3	potential success
1	inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo
2	in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo
2	the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo
2	the mixture
2	of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo
2	Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo
2	Bullock Bubble and
2	Bullock Bubble
2	Hugh Goo
3	It is Scott 's convincing portrayal of Roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
4	is Scott 's convincing portrayal of Roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
3	is Scott 's convincing portrayal of Roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph
3	Scott 's convincing portrayal of Roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph
3	Scott 's convincing portrayal
2	Scott 's
4	convincing portrayal
2	of Roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph
3	Roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph
3	the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph
2	the sad cad
2	sad cad
3	that really gives the film its oomph
4	really gives the film its oomph
2	gives the film its oomph
2	gives the film
2	the film
2	its oomph
3	While this movie , by necessity , lacks Fellowship 's heart , Two Towers outdoes its spectacle .
1	While this movie , by necessity , lacks Fellowship 's heart
1	this movie , by necessity , lacks Fellowship 's heart
2	this movie
2	, by necessity , lacks Fellowship 's heart
2	by necessity , lacks Fellowship 's heart
2	by necessity
1	, lacks Fellowship 's heart
1	lacks Fellowship 's heart
2	Fellowship 's heart
2	Fellowship 's
3	, Two Towers outdoes its spectacle .
4	Two Towers outdoes its spectacle .
2	Two Towers
3	outdoes its spectacle .
3	outdoes its spectacle
2	its spectacle
3	Meyjes ... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of Nazi politics and aesthetics .
4	... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of Nazi politics and aesthetics .
3	has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of Nazi politics and aesthetics .
3	has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of Nazi politics and aesthetics
3	has done his homework and
2	has done his homework
3	done his homework
2	his homework
2	soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of Nazi politics and aesthetics
2	soaked up
3	some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of Nazi politics and aesthetics
2	some jazzy new revisionist theories
3	jazzy new revisionist theories
2	new revisionist theories
2	revisionist theories
3	about the origins of Nazi politics and aesthetics
2	the origins of Nazi politics and aesthetics
3	the origins
1	of Nazi politics and aesthetics
1	Nazi politics and aesthetics
2	politics and aesthetics
2	politics and
3	Aside from Rohmer 's bold choices regarding point of view , The Lady and the Duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .
2	Aside from Rohmer 's bold choices regarding point of view
2	from Rohmer 's bold choices regarding point of view
2	Rohmer 's bold choices regarding point of view
2	Rohmer 's bold choices
2	Rohmer 's
3	bold choices
2	regarding point of view
2	point of view
2	of view
3	, The Lady and the Duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .
3	The Lady and the Duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .
2	The Lady and the Duke
2	The Lady and
2	The Lady
2	the Duke
2	represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .
2	represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art
3	the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art
2	the filmmaker 's lifelong concern
2	the filmmaker 's
2	filmmaker 's
3	lifelong concern
3	with formalist experimentation in cinematic art
2	formalist experimentation in cinematic art
2	formalist experimentation
2	in cinematic art
4	cinematic art
2	What ` Dumb and Dumber ' would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script .
3	What ` Dumb and Dumber ' would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script
2	` Dumb and Dumber ' would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script
2	Dumb and Dumber ' would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script
2	Dumb and Dumber
2	Dumb and
2	' would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script
2	would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script
3	have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script
2	been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script
3	without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script
3	without the vulgarity and
2	without the vulgarity
2	the vulgarity
4	with an intelligent , life-affirming script
4	an intelligent , life-affirming script
4	intelligent , life-affirming script
3	, life-affirming script
3	life-affirming script
4	... a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .
3	a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .
3	a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock
4	a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale
4	vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale
3	vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw
3	, thoughtful , unapologetically raw
3	thoughtful , unapologetically raw
2	, unapologetically raw
2	unapologetically raw
2	coming-of-age tale
3	full of sex , drugs and rock
2	of sex , drugs and rock
2	sex , drugs and rock
2	, drugs and rock
2	drugs and rock
2	drugs and
2	'n' roll .
2	'n' roll
3	You would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit .
3	You would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit
2	You would n't want to live waydowntown , but
1	You would n't want to live waydowntown ,
1	You would n't want to live waydowntown
1	would n't want to live waydowntown
2	would n't
2	want to live waydowntown
2	to live waydowntown
2	live waydowntown
3	it is a hilarious place to visit
3	is a hilarious place to visit
3	a hilarious place to visit
3	hilarious place to visit
2	place to visit
2	to visit
2	Films are made of little moments .
3	are made of little moments .
2	are made of little moments
3	made of little moments
2	of little moments
2	little moments
3	Changing Lanes tries for more .
2	Changing Lanes
1	tries for more .
2	tries for more
2	for more
3	It does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received .
3	It does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received
2	It does n't reach them , but
2	It does n't reach them ,
2	It does n't reach them
1	does n't reach them
1	does n't
2	reach them
3	the effort is gratefully received
2	the effort
3	is gratefully received
2	is gratefully
3	When the movie mixes the cornpone and the Cosa Nostra , it finds a nice rhythm .
2	When the movie mixes the cornpone and the Cosa Nostra
2	the movie mixes the cornpone and the Cosa Nostra
2	the movie
2	mixes the cornpone and the Cosa Nostra
2	the cornpone and the Cosa Nostra
2	the cornpone and
2	the cornpone
2	the Cosa Nostra
2	Cosa Nostra
3	, it finds a nice rhythm .
3	it finds a nice rhythm .
3	finds a nice rhythm .
3	finds a nice rhythm
2	a nice rhythm
3	nice rhythm
3	The story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me .
3	The story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me
2	The story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place -
2	The story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place
2	The story
2	is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place
3	a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place
2	a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and
2	a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him ,
1	a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him
2	a rather simplistic one : grief drives her ,
2	a rather simplistic one : grief drives her
2	a rather simplistic one :
2	a rather simplistic one
2	rather simplistic one
1	rather simplistic
1	grief drives her
2	grief drives
2	love drives him
2	love drives
3	a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place
3	second chance to find love in the most unlikely place
3	chance to find love in the most unlikely place
2	to find love in the most unlikely place
3	find love in the most unlikely place
3	find love
2	in the most unlikely place
2	the most unlikely place
2	most unlikely place
2	most unlikely
3	it struck a chord in me
3	struck a chord in me
2	struck a chord
2	a chord
3	in me
3	Terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life .
4	Terrific casting and solid execution
4	Terrific casting and
4	Terrific casting
4	solid execution
2	give all three stories life .
3	give all three stories life
2	give all three stories
2	all three stories
2	three stories
3	A hard look at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of Claude Chabrol .
2	A hard look at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois
2	A hard look
2	hard look
0	at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois
2	one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois
2	one man 's occupational angst and
2	one man 's occupational angst
2	one man 's
2	man 's
2	occupational angst
1	its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois
2	its subsequent reinvention ,
2	its subsequent reinvention
2	subsequent reinvention
2	a terrifying study of bourgeois
2	a terrifying study
2	terrifying study
2	of bourgeois
2	desperation worthy of Claude Chabrol .
2	desperation worthy of Claude Chabrol
1	desperation worthy
2	of Claude Chabrol
2	Claude Chabrol
4	-LRB- Ramsay -RRB- visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .
2	-LRB- Ramsay -RRB-
2	Ramsay -RRB-
4	visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .
3	transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .
3	transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor
1	the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor
1	the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste
2	the dreary expanse
1	dreary expanse
1	of dead-end distaste
0	dead-end distaste
3	the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor
2	the characters
3	inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor
3	into a poem of art , music and metaphor
3	a poem of art , music and metaphor
2	a poem
2	of art , music and metaphor
2	art , music and metaphor
2	, music and metaphor
2	music and metaphor
2	music and
3	Frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances ... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .
4	Frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances
4	Frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and
3	Frequent flurries of creative belly laughs
2	Frequent flurries
4	of creative belly laughs
4	creative belly laughs
3	belly laughs
4	genuinely enthusiastic performances
3	genuinely enthusiastic
3	... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .
3	keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .
3	keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease
3	the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease
2	the movie
3	slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease
1	slaloming through its hackneyed elements
1	through its hackneyed elements
2	its hackneyed elements
1	hackneyed elements
3	with enjoyable ease
3	enjoyable ease
4	At its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
3	At its best
3	its best
3	, this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
3	this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
3	is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
4	is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
3	is grand-scale
3	moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
3	for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
3	a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
3	a larger-than-life figure ,
3	a larger-than-life figure
3	larger-than-life figure
4	an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
2	an artist
3	who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
3	has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
3	been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
4	awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
3	awarded mythic status
3	mythic status
2	in contemporary culture
2	contemporary culture
3	The plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what I like about Men With Brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about Canadians .
3	The plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what I like about Men With Brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about Canadians
2	The plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but
1	The plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually ,
2	The plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually
2	The plot of the comeback curlers
2	The plot
2	of the comeback curlers
2	the comeback curlers
2	comeback curlers
0	is n't very interesting actually
0	is n't very interesting
1	is n't
3	very interesting
4	what I like about Men With Brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about Canadians
3	what I like about Men With Brooms and what is kind of special
3	I like about Men With Brooms and what is kind of special
2	like about Men With Brooms and what is kind of special
2	like about Men
2	about Men
3	With Brooms and what is kind of special
2	With Brooms and
2	With Brooms
3	what is kind of special
3	is kind of special
3	kind of special
2	of special
3	is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about Canadians
3	how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about Canadians
3	the film knows what 's unique and quirky about Canadians
2	the film
2	knows what 's unique and quirky about Canadians
2	what 's unique and quirky about Canadians
3	's unique and quirky about Canadians
2	's unique and quirky
3	unique and quirky
3	unique and
2	about Canadians
4	10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .
2	10 minutes into the film you
2	10 minutes
2	into the film you
2	the film you
2	film you
3	'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .
4	'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away
4	be white-knuckled and unable to look away
3	white-knuckled and unable to look away
2	white-knuckled and unable
2	white-knuckled and
2	to look away
2	look away
4	It 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny .
3	It 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny
4	It 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and
4	It 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters -
4	It 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters
3	's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters
4	a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters
4	a beautiful film ,
4	a beautiful film
4	beautiful film
3	full of elaborate and twisted characters
3	of elaborate and twisted characters
1	elaborate and twisted characters
3	and twisted characters
2	twisted characters
3	it 's also pretty funny
3	's also pretty funny
2	's also
3	pretty funny
1	Could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ?
2	Could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film
2	Could this
3	be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film
2	the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film
2	the first major studio production
3	first major studio production
2	major studio production
2	studio production
2	shot on video tape instead of film
2	on video tape instead of film
2	video tape instead of film
2	video tape
2	instead of film
2	of film
4	Not since Ghostbusters has a film used Manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .
2	Not since Ghostbusters
3	since Ghostbusters
3	has a film used Manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .
2	has a film used Manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way
2	has a film
2	a film
3	used Manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way
2	used Manhattan 's architecture
2	Manhattan 's architecture
2	Manhattan 's
3	in such a gloriously goofy way
3	such a gloriously goofy way
3	a gloriously goofy way
3	gloriously goofy way
3	goofy way
3	As tricky and satisfying as any of David Mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .
3	As tricky and satisfying as any of David
3	tricky and satisfying as any of David
3	tricky and satisfying
2	tricky and
2	as any of David
2	any of David
2	of David
3	Mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .
2	Mamet 's
1	airless cinematic shell games .
2	airless cinematic shell games
2	cinematic shell games
2	shell games
4	The universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` Baran . '
2	The universal theme of becoming a better person through love
3	The universal theme
2	universal theme
3	of becoming a better person through love
3	becoming a better person through love
2	becoming a better person
3	a better person
3	better person
3	through love
3	has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` Baran . '
4	has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` Baran .
3	has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` Baran
1	has never
3	been filmed more irresistibly than in ` Baran
3	filmed more irresistibly than in ` Baran
3	more irresistibly than in ` Baran
3	irresistibly than in ` Baran
2	than in ` Baran
2	in ` Baran
2	in `
2	Cube 's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche .
3	Cube 's charisma and chemistry
2	Cube 's
3	charisma and chemistry
3	charisma and
2	compensate for corniness and cliche .
1	compensate for corniness and cliche
2	for corniness and cliche
0	corniness and cliche
2	corniness and
2	With lesser talents , High Crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable .
1	With lesser talents
1	lesser talents
1	, High Crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable .
2	High Crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable .
2	High Crimes
2	would be entertaining , but forgettable .
2	would be entertaining , but forgettable
2	be entertaining , but forgettable
3	entertaining , but forgettable
1	, but forgettable
2	, but
2	With Freeman and Judd , I 'll at least remember their characters .
2	With Freeman and Judd
2	Freeman and Judd
2	Freeman and
2	, I 'll at least remember their characters .
3	I 'll at least remember their characters .
2	'll at least remember their characters .
2	'll at least remember their characters
2	'll at least
2	at least
2	remember their characters
2	their characters
4	As a director , Paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .
2	As a director
2	a director
4	, Paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .
4	Paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .
4	is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .
3	is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip
3	is surprisingly brilliant ,
4	is surprisingly brilliant
4	surprisingly brilliant
3	deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip
4	sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip
2	sewing together
3	what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip
1	could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip
2	have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip
3	been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip
1	been a confusing and horrifying vision
2	a confusing and horrifying vision
0	confusing and horrifying vision
1	confusing and horrifying
2	confusing and
3	into an intense and engrossing head-trip
3	an intense and engrossing head-trip
4	intense and engrossing head-trip
3	intense and engrossing
3	intense and
3	The film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
3	The film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
3	The film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but
3	The film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders ,
4	The film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders
2	The film
3	is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders
3	filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders
3	filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life
3	with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life
3	humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life
3	humorous observations
3	about the general absurdity of modern life
2	the general absurdity of modern life
2	the general absurdity
1	general absurdity
3	of modern life
2	modern life
2	as seen through the eyes outsiders
2	seen through the eyes outsiders
2	seen through the eyes
2	through the eyes
2	the eyes
3	deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
3	manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
2	to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
4	avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
1	many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
1	of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
1	the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
1	the condescending stereotypes
1	condescending stereotypes
2	that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
2	so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
2	so often
2	plague films dealing with the mentally ill
2	films dealing with the mentally ill
2	dealing with the mentally ill
2	with the mentally ill
2	the mentally ill
2	mentally ill
3	Daughter From Danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
2	Daughter From Danang
2	From Danang
3	sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
2	sticks with its subjects a little longer and
3	sticks with its subjects a little longer
2	with its subjects a little longer
3	with its subjects
2	its subjects
2	a little longer
2	a little
3	tells a deeper story
3	a deeper story
2	deeper story
3	A coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood .
3	A coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood
3	A coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type --
4	A coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type
2	A coming-of-age film
3	coming-of-age film
3	that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type
4	avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type
3	the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type
2	the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre
1	the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor
1	cartoonish clichés and sneering humor
1	clichés and sneering humor
2	and sneering humor
3	sneering humor
2	of the genre
2	the genre
3	as it provides a fresh view of an old type
3	it provides a fresh view of an old type
3	provides a fresh view of an old type
3	a fresh view of an old type
4	a fresh view
3	fresh view
2	of an old type
2	an old type
2	old type
2	the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood
2	the uncertain girl
2	uncertain girl
2	on the brink of womanhood
2	the brink of womanhood
2	the brink
2	of womanhood
2	The faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel , but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour .
2	The faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel , but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour
3	The faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel , but
3	The faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel ,
3	The faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel
3	The faithful
3	will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel
3	enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel
1	this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel
3	this sometimes wry adaptation
2	sometimes wry adaptation
2	sometimes wry
2	of V.S. Naipaul 's novel
2	V.S. Naipaul 's novel
2	V.S. Naipaul 's
2	Naipaul 's
1	newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour
1	may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour
1	find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour
1	themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour
1	stifling a yawn or two during the first hour
1	stifling a yawn or two
2	a yawn or two
1	a yawn or
1	a yawn
2	during the first hour
2	the first hour
2	first hour
4	A distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
4	A distinguished and thoughtful film
4	distinguished and thoughtful film
4	distinguished and thoughtful
3	distinguished and
4	, marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
4	marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
4	marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances
3	by acute writing and a host of splendid performances
4	acute writing and a host of splendid performances
2	acute writing and
3	acute writing
4	a host of splendid performances
2	a host
4	of splendid performances
4	splendid performances
4	Barry convinces us he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
2	Barry convinces us
2	convinces us
1	he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
1	's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
2	's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful
2	a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful
2	a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy
2	dangerous , secretly unhinged guy
2	dangerous , secretly unhinged
2	, secretly unhinged
2	secretly unhinged
2	who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful
2	could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful
2	could easily
2	have killed a president because it made him feel powerful
2	killed a president because it made him feel powerful
2	killed a president
2	a president
3	because it made him feel powerful
2	it made him feel powerful
3	made him feel powerful
2	him feel powerful
2	feel powerful
3	Takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms .
3	Takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms
3	Takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you :
3	Takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you
3	Takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and
3	Takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks
3	Takes you by the face ,
3	Takes you by the face
2	Takes you
2	by the face
2	the face
2	strokes your cheeks
2	your cheeks
3	coos beseechingly at you
3	coos beseechingly
2	at you
3	slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms
2	slow down , shake off your tensions and
2	slow down , shake off your tensions
2	slow down ,
1	slow down
2	shake off your tensions
2	shake off
2	your tensions
2	take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms
2	take this picture
2	this picture
2	at its own breezy , distracted rhythms
3	its own breezy , distracted rhythms
3	own breezy , distracted rhythms
1	breezy , distracted rhythms
2	, distracted rhythms
1	distracted rhythms
3	I do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold .
3	do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold .
3	do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
2	do n't
3	feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
4	the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
2	the least bit
2	least bit
3	ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
3	in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
3	admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
3	that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
3	my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
3	my enjoyment
2	came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
2	came at the expense of seeing justice served ,
2	came at the expense of seeing justice served
2	at the expense of seeing justice served
2	the expense of seeing justice served
2	the expense
3	of seeing justice served
3	seeing justice served
2	justice served
3	even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
2	if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
1	it 's a dish that 's best served cold
2	's a dish that 's best served cold
2	a dish that 's best served cold
2	a dish
3	that 's best served cold
3	's best served cold
3	's best
2	served cold
4	It 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .
4	's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .
4	's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn
4	a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn
4	a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy
4	smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy
3	, solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy
3	solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy
3	, kinetically-charged spy flick worthy
4	kinetically-charged spy flick worthy
3	spy flick worthy
3	flick worthy
2	of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn
3	a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn
2	a couple hours of summertime and
3	a couple hours of summertime
2	a couple hours
2	couple hours
2	of summertime
2	a bucket of popcorn
2	a bucket
2	of popcorn
3	Nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .
3	Nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining
2	Nothing overly original ,
0	Nothing overly original
3	overly original
2	mind you , but solidly entertaining
2	mind you
4	, but solidly entertaining
2	, but
4	solidly entertaining
4	Changing Lanes is an anomaly for a Hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .
4	Changing Lanes is an anomaly for a Hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say
2	Changing Lanes is an anomaly for a Hollywood movie ;
2	Changing Lanes is an anomaly for a Hollywood movie
2	Changing Lanes
2	is an anomaly for a Hollywood movie
2	an anomaly for a Hollywood movie
2	an anomaly
2	for a Hollywood movie
2	a Hollywood movie
3	Hollywood movie
3	it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say
4	's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say
3	a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say
3	a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama
4	well-written and occasionally challenging social drama
4	well-written and occasionally challenging
3	well-written and
2	occasionally challenging
2	social drama
4	that actually has something interesting to say
3	actually has something interesting to say
3	has something interesting to say
2	something interesting to say
2	interesting to say
2	to say
4	borrows a bit from the classics `` Wait Until Dark '' and `` Extremities '' ... But in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself .
4	borrows a bit from the classics `` Wait Until Dark '' and `` Extremities '' ... But in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself
2	borrows a bit from the classics `` Wait Until Dark '' and `` Extremities '' ...
2	borrows a bit from the classics `` Wait Until Dark '' and `` Extremities ''
2	a bit from the classics `` Wait Until Dark '' and `` Extremities ''
2	a bit from the classics `` Wait Until Dark '' and
2	a bit from the classics `` Wait Until Dark ''
2	bit from the classics `` Wait Until Dark ''
2	bit from the classics
3	from the classics
3	the classics
2	`` Wait Until Dark ''
2	Wait Until Dark ''
2	Wait Until Dark
2	Until Dark
2	`` Extremities ''
2	Extremities ''
4	But in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself
4	in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself
2	in terms of its style
2	terms of its style
2	of its style
2	its style
3	, the movie is in a class by itself
4	the movie is in a class by itself
2	the movie
3	is in a class by itself
3	in a class by itself
4	a class by itself
2	a class
2	by itself
2	Because Eight Legged Freaks is partly an homage to Them , Tarantula and other low - budget B-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s , the movie is a silly -LRB- but not sophomoric -RRB- romp through horror and hellish conditions .
2	Because Eight Legged Freaks is partly an homage to Them , Tarantula and other low - budget B-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s
2	Eight Legged Freaks is partly an homage to Them , Tarantula and other low - budget B-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s
2	Eight Legged Freaks
1	Legged Freaks
2	is partly an homage to Them , Tarantula and other low - budget B-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s
2	is partly
3	an homage to Them , Tarantula and other low - budget B-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s
2	an homage to Them , Tarantula and other low -
3	an homage to Them , Tarantula and other low
2	an homage
2	to Them , Tarantula and other low
2	Them , Tarantula and other low
2	Them , Tarantula and
2	Them , Tarantula
2	Them ,
2	other low
2	budget B-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s
2	budget B-movie thrillers
3	B-movie thrillers
2	of the 1950s and '60s
2	the 1950s and '60s
2	1950s and '60s
2	1950s and
3	, the movie is a silly -LRB- but not sophomoric -RRB- romp through horror and hellish conditions .
3	the movie is a silly -LRB- but not sophomoric -RRB- romp through horror and hellish conditions .
2	the movie
2	is a silly -LRB- but not sophomoric -RRB- romp through horror and hellish conditions .
2	is a silly -LRB- but not sophomoric -RRB- romp through horror and hellish conditions
2	a silly -LRB- but not sophomoric -RRB- romp through horror and hellish conditions
3	a silly -LRB- but not sophomoric -RRB- romp
3	silly -LRB- but not sophomoric -RRB- romp
2	silly -LRB- but not sophomoric -RRB-
2	-LRB- but not sophomoric -RRB-
3	but not sophomoric -RRB-
2	but not sophomoric
3	not sophomoric
1	through horror and hellish conditions
1	horror and hellish conditions
1	and hellish conditions
1	hellish conditions
3	Puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .
4	Puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman
3	a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman
3	a refreshing and comical spin
4	refreshing and comical spin
3	refreshing and comical
3	refreshing and
2	on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman
1	the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman
2	the all-too-familiar saga
2	all-too-familiar saga
2	of the contemporary single woman
2	the contemporary single woman
2	contemporary single woman
2	single woman
3	If you grew up on Scooby -- you 'll love this movie .
2	If you grew up on Scooby
2	you grew up on Scooby
2	grew up on Scooby
2	grew up
2	on Scooby
4	-- you 'll love this movie .
4	you 'll love this movie .
4	'll love this movie .
4	'll love this movie
3	love this movie
2	this movie
4	Matthew Lillard is born to play Shaggy !
2	Matthew Lillard
3	is born to play Shaggy !
3	is born to play Shaggy
2	born to play Shaggy
2	to play Shaggy
2	play Shaggy
3	Though filmed partly in Canada , Paid in Full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years .
2	Though filmed partly in Canada
2	filmed partly in Canada
2	filmed partly
2	in Canada
3	, Paid in Full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years .
3	Paid in Full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years .
2	Paid in Full
2	in Full
3	has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years .
4	has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years
3	clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years
3	clever ways
2	of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years
2	capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years
2	capturing inner-city life
2	inner-city life
2	during the Reagan years
2	the Reagan years
2	Reagan years
4	`` Spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .
4	Spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .
4	is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .
4	is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff
4	is better than any summer blockbuster
4	better than any summer blockbuster
2	than any summer blockbuster
3	any summer blockbuster
3	summer blockbuster
2	we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff
1	we had to endure last summer , and
1	we had to endure last summer ,
1	we had to endure last summer
1	had to endure last summer
2	to endure last summer
2	endure last summer
2	last summer
4	hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff
3	, sets the tone for a summer of good stuff
3	sets the tone for a summer of good stuff
3	the tone for a summer of good stuff
2	the tone
3	for a summer of good stuff
3	a summer of good stuff
3	a summer
3	of good stuff
3	good stuff
4	If you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it .
2	If you 're a comic fan
3	you 're a comic fan
2	're a comic fan
3	a comic fan
3	comic fan
3	, you ca n't miss it .
4	you ca n't miss it .
3	ca n't miss it .
3	ca n't miss it
2	ca n't
1	miss it
3	If you 're not , you 'll still have a good time . ''
2	If you 're not
1	you 're not
2	're not
3	, you 'll still have a good time . ''
3	you 'll still have a good time . ''
3	'll still have a good time . ''
3	'll still have a good time .
3	'll still have a good time
2	'll still
3	have a good time
3	a good time
3	good time
2	This movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but it 's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it .
2	This movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but it 's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it
3	This movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but
2	This movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one ,
3	This movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one
2	This movie
4	has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one
3	a strong message about never giving up on a loved one
3	a strong message
3	strong message
3	about never giving up on a loved one
2	never giving up on a loved one
2	giving up on a loved one
1	giving up
2	on a loved one
3	a loved one
3	loved one
1	it 's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it
1	's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it
1	's not an easy movie to watch and
2	's not an easy movie to watch
2	's not
3	an easy movie to watch
2	an easy movie
2	easy movie
2	to watch
1	will probably disturb many who see it
3	will probably
1	disturb many who see it
2	many who see it
2	who see it
3	see it
4	The movie is a trove of delights .
2	The movie
4	is a trove of delights .
3	is a trove of delights
3	a trove of delights
3	a trove
2	of delights
4	Excellent performances from Jacqueline Bisset and Martha Plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .
4	Excellent performances from Jacqueline Bisset and Martha Plimpton
3	Excellent performances
2	from Jacqueline Bisset and Martha Plimpton
2	Jacqueline Bisset and Martha Plimpton
2	Jacqueline Bisset and
2	Jacqueline Bisset
2	Martha Plimpton
4	grace this deeply touching melodrama .
3	grace this deeply touching melodrama
3	this deeply touching melodrama
4	deeply touching melodrama
3	touching melodrama
4	In a summer of clones , Harvard Man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
1	In a summer of clones
2	a summer of clones
3	a summer
2	of clones
4	, Harvard Man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
3	Harvard Man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
2	Harvard Man
4	is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
3	is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects
4	something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects
4	something rare and riveting :
4	something rare and riveting
4	rare and riveting
2	rare and
3	a wild ride that relies on more than special effects
3	a wild ride
3	wild ride
3	that relies on more than special effects
3	relies on more than special effects
2	on more than special effects
2	more than special effects
3	than special effects
2	special effects
3	While the humor is recognizably Plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
3	While the humor is recognizably Plympton
3	the humor is recognizably Plympton
2	the humor
3	is recognizably Plympton
2	recognizably Plympton
2	, he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
3	he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
3	has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
3	has actually bothered to construct a real story this time
2	has actually
3	bothered to construct a real story this time
2	to construct a real story this time
2	construct a real story this time
2	construct a real story
3	a real story
2	real story
2	this time
2	Jolting into Charleston rhythms , the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent -LRB- accurate ?
2	Jolting into Charleston rhythms
2	into Charleston rhythms
2	Charleston rhythms
2	, the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent -LRB- accurate ?
3	the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent -LRB- accurate ?
2	the story
2	has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent -LRB- accurate ?
4	has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent -LRB- accurate
3	the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent -LRB- accurate
1	the sizzle of old news
2	the sizzle
2	of old news
2	old news
3	that has finally found the right vent -LRB- accurate
3	has finally found the right vent -LRB- accurate
2	has finally
2	found the right vent -LRB- accurate
2	the right vent -LRB- accurate
2	the right
2	vent -LRB- accurate
1	vent -LRB-
1	Who cares ? -RRB- .
1	Who cares ?
2	Who cares
2	-RRB- .
2	An overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful French coming-of-age film ...
3	An overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful French coming-of-age film
2	overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful French coming-of-age film
2	overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful
1	overly melodramatic but
1	overly melodramatic
3	somewhat insightful
2	French coming-of-age film
3	coming-of-age film
3	Most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; `` Frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .
2	Most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; `` Frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home
2	Most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ;
2	Most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments
2	Most thrillers
4	send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments
2	send audiences
2	out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments
2	talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments
2	about specific scary scenes or startling moments
2	specific scary scenes or startling moments
2	specific scary scenes or
2	specific scary scenes
2	scary scenes
2	startling moments
2	`` Frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home
3	Frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home
3	'' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home
2	leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home
2	leaves us with the terrifying message
2	leaves us
1	with the terrifying message
0	the terrifying message
1	terrifying message
2	that the real horror may be waiting for us at home
1	the real horror may be waiting for us at home
2	the real horror
2	real horror
2	may be waiting for us at home
2	be waiting for us at home
2	waiting for us at home
2	waiting for us
3	for us
2	at home
3	Close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air .
3	Close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air
2	Close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots
2	enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots
2	in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots
2	in spirit
2	to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots
2	its freewheeling trash-cinema roots
1	freewheeling trash-cinema roots
1	trash-cinema roots
3	to be a breath of fresh air
3	be a breath of fresh air
3	a breath of fresh air
3	a breath
3	of fresh air
3	fresh air
4	Skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
3	weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
3	weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise
4	both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise
2	both the elements
2	the elements
3	of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise
3	the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise
4	the plot and a powerfully evocative mood
2	the plot and
2	the plot
4	a powerfully evocative mood
4	powerfully evocative mood
4	powerfully evocative
3	combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise
2	combining heated sexuality
3	heated sexuality
2	with a haunting sense of malaise
1	a haunting sense of malaise
2	a haunting sense
2	haunting sense
1	of malaise
3	Damon brings the proper conviction to his role as -LRB- Jason Bourne -RRB- .
3	brings the proper conviction to his role as -LRB- Jason Bourne -RRB- .
3	brings the proper conviction to his role as -LRB- Jason Bourne -RRB-
3	brings the proper conviction
3	the proper conviction
2	proper conviction
2	to his role as -LRB- Jason Bourne -RRB-
2	his role as -LRB- Jason Bourne -RRB-
2	his role as
2	role as
2	-LRB- Jason Bourne -RRB-
2	Jason Bourne -RRB-
2	Jason Bourne
3	For the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
2	For the most part
2	the most part
2	most part
3	, it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
4	it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
3	works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
3	works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera
4	works beautifully as a movie
4	works beautifully
2	as a movie
2	a movie
3	without sacrificing the integrity of the opera
1	sacrificing the integrity of the opera
2	the integrity of the opera
3	the integrity
2	of the opera
2	the opera
3	As played by Ryan Gosling , Danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
2	As played by Ryan Gosling
2	played by Ryan Gosling
3	by Ryan Gosling
2	Ryan Gosling
3	, Danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
2	Danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
3	is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
3	is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction
3	a frighteningly fascinating contradiction
3	frighteningly fascinating contradiction
4	frighteningly fascinating
2	This is not Chabrol 's best , but even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer .
2	This is not Chabrol 's best , but even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer
1	This is not Chabrol 's best , but
2	This is not Chabrol 's best ,
1	This is not Chabrol 's best
1	is not Chabrol 's best
1	is not
3	Chabrol 's best
2	Chabrol 's
3	even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer
4	even his lesser works outshine the best some directors
3	his lesser works outshine the best some directors
2	his lesser works
2	lesser works
3	outshine the best some directors
2	the best some directors
3	best some directors
2	some directors
2	can offer
3	Despite its flaws , Crazy as Hell marks an encouraging new direction for La Salle .
2	Despite its flaws
1	its flaws
3	, Crazy as Hell marks an encouraging new direction for La Salle .
3	Crazy as Hell marks an encouraging new direction for La Salle .
2	Crazy as Hell
2	as Hell
3	marks an encouraging new direction for La Salle .
3	marks an encouraging new direction for La Salle
3	an encouraging new direction for La Salle
3	an encouraging new direction
2	encouraging new direction
2	new direction
2	for La Salle
2	La Salle
3	You 'll end up moved .
2	'll end up moved .
3	'll end up moved
2	end up moved
2	end up
4	If you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this Oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .
3	If you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera
2	you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera
2	ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera
2	wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera
3	what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera
3	it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera
3	would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera
3	be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera
2	like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera
2	to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera
2	be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera
2	smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera
2	smack in the middle of a war zone
2	in the middle of a war zone
2	the middle of a war zone
2	the middle
1	of a war zone
2	a war zone
2	war zone
2	armed with nothing but a camera
2	with nothing but a camera
2	nothing but a camera
2	but a camera
2	a camera
3	, this Oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .
3	this Oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .
4	this Oscar-nominated documentary
4	Oscar-nominated documentary
2	takes you there .
2	takes you there
2	you there
3	The Woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .
3	The Woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
2	The Woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but
3	The Woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story ,
2	The Woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story
2	The Woodman
2	seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story
2	to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story
2	have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story
2	directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story
2	influenced this girl-meets-girl love story
2	this girl-meets-girl love story
2	girl-meets-girl love story
2	love story
3	even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
3	even more reassuring
2	even more
4	is how its makers actually seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
3	how its makers actually seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
4	its makers actually seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
2	its makers
3	actually seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
3	seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
3	to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
3	understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
3	what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
4	made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
3	Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
2	Allen 's romantic comedies
2	Allen 's
2	romantic comedies
4	so pertinent and enduring
4	pertinent and enduring
2	pertinent and
3	I loved the look of this film .
4	loved the look of this film .
3	loved the look of this film
2	the look of this film
2	the look
2	of this film
2	this film
3	Those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .
1	Those with a modicum of patience
3	with a modicum of patience
3	a modicum of patience
2	a modicum
2	of patience
4	will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .
3	will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective
3	find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective
3	in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective
3	these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective
2	these characters ' foibles
2	these characters '
2	characters '
4	a timeless and unique perspective
3	timeless and unique perspective
4	timeless and unique
3	timeless and
4	Beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .
4	Beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm
4	Beautiful to watch and
4	Beautiful to watch
2	to watch
3	holds a certain charm
3	a certain charm
3	certain charm
2	13 Conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful , but Sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister , Karen Sprecher , do n't seem ever to run out of ideas .
3	13 Conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful , but Sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister , Karen Sprecher , do n't seem ever to run out of ideas
1	13 Conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful , but
1	13 Conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful ,
1	13 Conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful
2	13 Conversations
2	may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful
1	be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful
1	a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful
1	a bit too enigmatic and
1	a bit too enigmatic
2	a bit
1	too enigmatic
1	overly ambitious to be fully successful
3	ambitious to be fully successful
2	to be fully successful
2	be fully successful
4	fully successful
3	Sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister , Karen Sprecher , do n't seem ever to run out of ideas
2	Sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister , Karen Sprecher ,
2	Sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister , Karen Sprecher
2	Sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister ,
2	Sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister
2	Sprecher and
2	her screenwriting partner and sister
2	screenwriting partner and sister
2	partner and sister
2	partner and
2	Karen Sprecher
3	do n't seem ever to run out of ideas
2	do n't
2	seem ever to run out of ideas
2	seem ever
2	to run out of ideas
1	run out of ideas
2	run out
2	of ideas
2	The movie is our story as much as it is Schmidt 's , no matter if it 's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale .
2	The movie
3	is our story as much as it is Schmidt 's , no matter if it 's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale .
2	is our story as much as it is Schmidt 's , no matter if it 's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale
2	is our story
2	our story
2	as much as it is Schmidt 's , no matter if it 's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale
2	as much
3	as it is Schmidt 's , no matter if it 's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale
3	it is Schmidt 's , no matter if it 's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale
2	is Schmidt 's , no matter if it 's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale
2	Schmidt 's , no matter if it 's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale
2	Schmidt 's ,
2	Schmidt 's
2	no matter if it 's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale
2	no matter
2	if it 's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale
2	it 's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale
3	's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale
3	viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale
2	as a self-reflection or cautionary tale
2	a self-reflection or cautionary tale
2	self-reflection or cautionary tale
2	or cautionary tale
2	cautionary tale
3	Foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .
3	breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .
3	breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill
3	breathes life
3	into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill
2	a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill
2	a roll
2	that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill
2	could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill
2	have otherwise been bland and run of the mill
1	have otherwise been bland and
2	have otherwise been bland
2	have otherwise
0	been bland
1	run of the mill
2	of the mill
2	the mill
3	Quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor .
3	offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor .
3	offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor
2	piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor
3	piercing domestic drama
2	domestic drama
3	with spikes of sly humor
3	spikes of sly humor
3	of sly humor
3	sly humor
2	Some people want the ol' ball-and-chain and then there are those who just want the Ball and Chain .
2	Some people want the ol' ball-and-chain and then there are those who just want the Ball and Chain
2	Some people want the ol' ball-and-chain and then
2	Some people want the ol' ball-and-chain and
2	Some people want the ol' ball-and-chain
2	Some people
2	want the ol' ball-and-chain
1	the ol' ball-and-chain
2	ol' ball-and-chain
3	there are those who just want the Ball and Chain
1	are those who just want the Ball and Chain
2	those who just want the Ball and Chain
2	who just want the Ball and Chain
2	just want the Ball and Chain
2	want the Ball and Chain
1	the Ball and Chain
2	Ball and Chain
2	Ball and
3	-LRB- Barry -RRB- gives Assassin a disquieting authority .
2	-LRB- Barry -RRB-
2	Barry -RRB-
2	gives Assassin a disquieting authority .
2	gives Assassin a disquieting authority
2	gives Assassin
2	a disquieting authority
2	disquieting authority
3	It 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .
3	's refreshing to see a romance this smart .
4	's refreshing to see a romance this smart
3	refreshing to see a romance this smart
4	to see a romance this smart
3	see a romance this smart
3	a romance this smart
2	a romance
3	this smart
2	At its best -LRB- and it does have some very funny sequences -RRB- Looking for Leonard reminds you just how comically subversive silence can be .
3	At its best -LRB- and it does have some very funny sequences -RRB- Looking for Leonard
3	its best -LRB- and it does have some very funny sequences -RRB- Looking for Leonard
3	its best -LRB- and it does have some very funny sequences -RRB-
3	its best
3	-LRB- and it does have some very funny sequences -RRB-
3	-LRB- and it does have some very funny sequences
2	-LRB- and
3	it does have some very funny sequences
3	does have some very funny sequences
3	have some very funny sequences
3	some very funny sequences
4	very funny sequences
4	very funny
2	Looking for Leonard
2	for Leonard
2	reminds you just how comically subversive silence can be .
3	reminds you just how comically subversive silence can be
2	reminds you
2	just how comically subversive silence can be
2	just how comically
3	how comically
2	subversive silence can be
2	subversive silence
2	can be
4	As improbable as this premise may seem , Abbass 's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , Lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
2	As improbable as this premise may seem , Abbass 's understated
3	improbable as this premise may seem , Abbass 's understated
1	improbable as this premise may seem
2	as this premise may seem
2	this premise may seem
2	this premise
2	may seem
2	, Abbass 's understated
3	Abbass 's understated
2	's understated
3	, shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , Lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
4	shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , Lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
4	shining performance
3	offers us the sense that on some elemental level , Lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
3	offers us the sense that on some elemental level , Lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life
2	offers us the sense
2	offers us
2	the sense
2	that on some elemental level , Lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life
2	on some elemental level , Lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life
2	on some elemental level
2	some elemental level
2	elemental level
2	, Lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life
2	Lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life
2	deeply wants to break free of her old life
3	wants to break free of her old life
4	to break free of her old life
3	break free of her old life
2	free of her old life
2	of her old life
2	her old life
2	old life
3	Anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a Russian rocket should catch this IMAX offering .
3	Anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a Russian rocket
2	who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a Russian rocket
2	ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a Russian rocket
2	fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a Russian rocket
2	fantasized about space travel but
2	fantasized about space travel
2	about space travel
2	space travel
2	ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a Russian rocket
2	ca n't
3	afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a Russian rocket
2	the $ 20 million ticket to ride a Russian rocket
2	$ 20 million ticket to ride a Russian rocket
2	$ 20 million
2	$ 20
2	ticket to ride a Russian rocket
2	to ride a Russian rocket
2	ride a Russian rocket
2	a Russian rocket
2	Russian rocket
3	should catch this IMAX offering .
3	should catch this IMAX offering
3	catch this IMAX offering
2	this IMAX offering
2	IMAX offering
2	`` The turntable is now outselling the electric guitar ... ''
3	The turntable is now outselling the electric guitar ... ''
2	The turntable
3	is now outselling the electric guitar ... ''
3	is now outselling the electric guitar ...
2	is now outselling the electric guitar
2	is now
3	outselling the electric guitar
2	the electric guitar
2	electric guitar
3	Transforms one of -LRB- Shakespeare 's -RRB- deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .
3	Transforms one of -LRB- Shakespeare 's -RRB- deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy
3	Transforms one of -LRB- Shakespeare 's -RRB- deepest tragedies
2	Transforms one
2	of -LRB- Shakespeare 's -RRB- deepest tragedies
2	-LRB- Shakespeare 's -RRB- deepest tragedies
2	-LRB- Shakespeare 's -RRB-
2	Shakespeare 's -RRB-
2	Shakespeare 's
1	deepest tragedies
3	into a smart new comedy
4	a smart new comedy
4	smart new comedy
2	new comedy
4	An intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .
4	An intelligent and deeply
4	intelligent and deeply
3	intelligent and
1	felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .
2	felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them
2	work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them
2	work about impossible , irrevocable choices and
2	work about impossible , irrevocable choices
2	about impossible , irrevocable choices
3	impossible , irrevocable choices
2	, irrevocable choices
2	irrevocable choices
2	the price of making them
3	the price
2	of making them
2	making them
2	It may sound like a mere disease-of - the-week TV movie , but A Song For Martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses Seldahl and Wollter .
3	It may sound like a mere disease-of - the-week TV movie , but A Song For Martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses Seldahl and Wollter
1	It may sound like a mere disease-of - the-week TV movie , but
2	It may sound like a mere disease-of - the-week TV movie ,
2	It may sound like a mere disease-of - the-week TV movie
2	may sound like a mere disease-of - the-week TV movie
1	sound like a mere disease-of - the-week TV movie
0	like a mere disease-of - the-week TV movie
0	a mere disease-of - the-week TV movie
1	a mere disease-of -
2	a mere disease-of
2	mere disease-of
2	the-week TV movie
2	TV movie
3	A Song For Martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses Seldahl and Wollter
3	A Song
4	For Martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses Seldahl and Wollter
2	For Martin
3	is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses Seldahl and Wollter
3	made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses Seldahl and Wollter
2	made infinitely more wrenching
3	infinitely more wrenching
1	more wrenching
2	by the performances of real-life spouses Seldahl and Wollter
2	the performances of real-life spouses Seldahl and Wollter
2	the performances
2	of real-life spouses Seldahl and Wollter
2	real-life spouses Seldahl and Wollter
2	spouses Seldahl and Wollter
2	Seldahl and Wollter
2	Seldahl and
2	Sayles is making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation .
2	is making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation .
2	is making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation
3	making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation
2	making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations
3	making a statement
2	a statement
1	about the inability of dreams and aspirations
2	the inability of dreams and aspirations
1	the inability
2	of dreams and aspirations
3	dreams and aspirations
2	dreams and
2	to carry forward into the next generation
3	carry forward into the next generation
2	carry forward
2	into the next generation
3	the next generation
2	next generation
3	As Antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
2	As Antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community
2	Antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community
2	is assimilated into this newfangled community
2	assimilated into this newfangled community
2	into this newfangled community
2	this newfangled community
2	newfangled community
3	, the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
3	the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
2	the film
3	settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
4	settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion
2	settles in and
2	settles in
4	becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion
4	becomes compulsively watchable
3	compulsively watchable
3	in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion
3	a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion
3	a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort
3	guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort
2	, daytime-drama sort
2	daytime-drama sort
2	of fashion
3	every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most - The Fanboy
2	every once in a while , a movie
2	every once
2	in a while , a movie
2	a while , a movie
2	a while ,
2	a while
2	a movie
2	will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most - The Fanboy
3	come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most - The Fanboy
2	along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most - The Fanboy
1	that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most - The Fanboy
1	that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most
1	turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most
2	turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity
2	turns me
1	into that annoying specimen of humanity
1	that annoying specimen of humanity
1	that annoying specimen
1	annoying specimen
2	of humanity
1	that I usually dread encountering the most
0	I usually dread encountering the most
1	usually dread encountering the most
1	dread encountering the most
2	encountering the most
2	the most
2	- The Fanboy
2	The Fanboy
3	On its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .
1	On its own staggeringly unoriginal terms
1	its own staggeringly unoriginal terms
0	own staggeringly unoriginal terms
1	staggeringly unoriginal terms
1	unoriginal terms
3	, this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .
4	this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .
3	this gender-bending comedy
3	gender-bending comedy
3	is generally quite funny .
3	is generally quite funny
2	is generally
4	quite funny
4	It 's never dull and always looks good .
3	's never dull and always looks good .
3	's never dull and always looks good
3	's never dull and
3	's never dull
2	's never
4	always looks good
3	looks good
2	The tonal shifts are jolting , and though Wen 's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered , more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive .
2	The tonal shifts are jolting , and though Wen 's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered , more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive
0	The tonal shifts are jolting , and
2	The tonal shifts are jolting ,
2	The tonal shifts are jolting
2	The tonal shifts
2	tonal shifts
2	are jolting
2	though Wen 's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered , more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive
3	though Wen 's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered
4	Wen 's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered
2	Wen 's messages
2	Wen 's
4	are profound and thoughtfully delivered
4	profound and thoughtfully delivered
3	profound and
3	thoughtfully delivered
2	, more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive
2	more thorough transitions would have made the film more cohesive
3	more thorough transitions
3	thorough transitions
1	would have made the film more cohesive
2	have made the film more cohesive
3	made the film more cohesive
3	the film more cohesive
2	the film
3	more cohesive
4	As commander-in-chief of this film , Bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
2	As commander-in-chief of this film
2	commander-in-chief of this film
2	of this film
2	this film
3	, Bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
3	Bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
3	demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
4	demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world
3	a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world
3	a breadth of vision and
3	a breadth of vision
2	a breadth
2	of vision
3	an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world
3	an attention to detail
3	an attention
2	to detail
4	that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world
4	propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world
2	propels her
3	into the upper echelons of the directing world
3	the upper echelons of the directing world
3	the upper echelons
2	upper echelons
2	of the directing world
2	the directing world
2	directing world
2	With wit and empathy to spare , waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters ' striving solipsism .
4	With wit and empathy to spare
3	wit and empathy to spare
3	wit and empathy
2	wit and
2	to spare
2	, waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters ' striving solipsism .
1	waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters ' striving solipsism .
2	acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters ' striving solipsism .
3	acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters ' striving solipsism
3	acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but
2	acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia
2	the silent screams of workaday inertia
2	the silent screams
2	silent screams
2	of workaday inertia
2	workaday inertia
1	stops short of indulging its characters ' striving solipsism
2	short of indulging its characters ' striving solipsism
2	of indulging its characters ' striving solipsism
3	indulging its characters ' striving solipsism
2	its characters ' striving solipsism
2	its characters '
2	characters '
2	striving solipsism
4	All of it works smoothly under the direction of Spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .
2	All of it
2	of it
4	works smoothly under the direction of Spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .
4	works smoothly under the direction of Spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely
4	works smoothly
3	under the direction of Spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely
3	the direction of Spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely
2	the direction of Spielberg ,
3	the direction of Spielberg
2	the direction
2	of Spielberg
3	who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely
3	does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely
4	a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely
3	a convincing impersonation
3	convincing impersonation
3	here of a director enjoying himself immensely
3	of a director enjoying himself immensely
3	a director enjoying himself immensely
2	a director
3	enjoying himself immensely
2	himself immensely
4	The kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .
4	The kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati
2	The kind
3	of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati
4	sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati
2	sweet-and-sour insider movie
2	insider movie
3	that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati
4	film buffs will eat up like so much gelati
3	film buffs
3	will eat up like so much gelati
2	eat up like so much gelati
3	eat up
2	like so much gelati
2	so much gelati
2	so much
4	With ` Bowling for Columbine , ' Michael Moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .
2	With ` Bowling for Columbine
2	` Bowling for Columbine
2	` Bowling
2	for Columbine
3	, ' Michael Moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .
3	' Michael Moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .
3	Michael Moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .
2	Michael Moore
2	gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .
3	gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear
2	gives us
3	the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear
4	the perfect starting point
3	perfect starting point
2	starting point
2	for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear
2	a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear
2	a national conversation
2	national conversation
2	about guns , violence , and fear
2	guns , violence , and fear
2	guns , violence , and
2	guns , violence ,
1	guns , violence
2	guns ,
4	One of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .
2	One of the year
2	of the year
2	the year
2	's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .
3	's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces
2	's most
3	weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces
3	engaging and unpredictable character pieces
2	and unpredictable character pieces
2	unpredictable character pieces
2	character pieces
4	One of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .
2	One of the best inside-show-biz
3	of the best inside-show-biz
3	the best inside-show-biz
3	best inside-show-biz
2	yarns ever .
3	yarns ever
2	None of his actors stand out , but that 's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : Characterization matters less than atmosphere .
2	None of his actors stand out , but that 's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : Characterization matters less than atmosphere
1	None of his actors stand out , but that 's less of a problem here than it would be in another film :
2	None of his actors stand out , but that 's less of a problem here than it would be in another film
1	None of his actors stand out , but
0	None of his actors stand out ,
0	None of his actors stand out
2	None of his actors
2	of his actors
2	his actors
3	stand out
2	that 's less of a problem here than it would be in another film
2	's less of a problem here than it would be in another film
2	's less of a problem here
2	's less of a problem
2	less of a problem
2	of a problem
2	a problem
2	than it would be in another film
2	it would be in another film
2	would be in another film
2	be in another film
2	in another film
2	another film
2	Characterization matters less than atmosphere
2	matters less than atmosphere
2	less than atmosphere
2	than atmosphere
4	A terrifically entertaining specimen of Spielbergian sci-fi .
4	A terrifically entertaining specimen of Spielbergian
4	A terrifically entertaining specimen
4	terrifically entertaining specimen
4	terrifically entertaining
2	of Spielbergian
3	sci-fi .
4	A rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .
3	A rare and lightly entertaining
3	rare and lightly entertaining
2	rare and
3	lightly entertaining
3	look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .
2	look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd
2	behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd
2	the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd
2	the curtain
2	that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd
3	separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd
2	separates comics
3	from the people laughing in the crowd
3	the people laughing in the crowd
2	the people
3	laughing in the crowd
2	in the crowd
2	the crowd
1	Solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
0	is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
1	is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining
2	is so intent on hammering home his message
2	so intent on hammering home his message
2	intent on hammering home his message
2	on hammering home his message
2	hammering home his message
2	hammering home
2	his message
1	that he forgets to make it entertaining
1	he forgets to make it entertaining
0	forgets to make it entertaining
2	to make it entertaining
2	make it entertaining
3	it entertaining
4	Whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini DV , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .
2	Whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini DV
3	heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini DV
1	scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini DV
2	the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini DV
3	the impressively discreet filmmakers
3	impressively discreet filmmakers
3	discreet filmmakers
3	may have expected to record with their mini DV
2	have expected to record with their mini DV
2	expected to record with their mini DV
2	to record with their mini DV
2	record with their mini DV
2	with their mini DV
2	their mini DV
2	mini DV
3	, they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .
3	they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .
3	show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .
4	show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck
4	a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck
3	remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck
2	ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck
2	to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck
1	document both sides of this emotional car-wreck
1	both sides of this emotional car-wreck
2	both sides
1	of this emotional car-wreck
1	this emotional car-wreck
1	emotional car-wreck
3	It establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout .
3	It establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout
3	It establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and
2	It establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly ,
2	It establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly
2	establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly
3	establishes its ominous mood and tension
2	its ominous mood and tension
1	ominous mood and tension
2	mood and tension
2	mood and
3	if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout
1	if the suspense never rises to a higher level
1	the suspense never rises to a higher level
2	the suspense
1	never rises to a higher level
3	rises to a higher level
3	to a higher level
2	a higher level
3	higher level
2	, it is nevertheless maintained throughout
2	it is nevertheless maintained throughout
2	is nevertheless maintained throughout
2	is nevertheless
2	maintained throughout
4	Although What Time offers Tsai 's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .
2	Although What Time offers Tsai 's usual style and themes
3	What Time offers Tsai 's usual style and themes
2	What Time
2	offers Tsai 's usual style and themes
3	Tsai 's usual style and themes
2	Tsai 's
2	usual style and themes
2	style and themes
3	style and
3	, it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .
3	it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .
3	has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .
3	has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films
3	a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films
3	a more colorful , more playful tone
3	more colorful , more playful tone
3	more colorful
3	, more playful tone
3	more playful tone
3	more playful
2	than his other films
2	his other films
2	other films
4	A moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .
2	A moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war
3	A moving and stark reminder
3	moving and stark reminder
3	moving and stark
2	moving and
2	that the casualties of war
2	the casualties of war
2	the casualties
1	of war
3	reach much further than we imagine .
3	reach much further than we imagine
3	much further than we imagine
2	much further
2	than we imagine
2	we imagine
4	A thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching British comedy .
4	A thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching British comedy
2	A thoroughly
3	engaging , surprisingly touching British comedy
3	engaging , surprisingly
3	engaging ,
3	touching British comedy
3	British comedy
3	A sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .
1	A sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise
3	A sloppy , amusing comedy
2	sloppy , amusing comedy
3	sloppy , amusing
3	, amusing
1	that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise
3	that proceeds
1	from a stunningly unoriginal premise
1	a stunningly unoriginal premise
2	stunningly unoriginal premise
0	stunningly unoriginal
4	... a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs .
4	a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs .
4	a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical
3	a rich and intelligent film
3	rich and intelligent film
4	rich and intelligent
3	rich and
2	that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical
2	that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and
3	that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence
2	uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence
1	uses its pulpy core conceit
1	its pulpy core conceit
1	pulpy core conceit
2	core conceit
3	to probe questions of attraction and interdependence
3	probe questions of attraction and interdependence
2	probe questions
3	of attraction and interdependence
3	attraction and interdependence
2	attraction and
2	how the heart accomodates practical
2	the heart accomodates practical
2	the heart
2	accomodates practical
2	needs .
3	It is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual
2	is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual
2	an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual
2	an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people
2	an unstinting look
2	unstinting look
2	at a collaboration between damaged people
2	a collaboration between damaged people
2	a collaboration
2	between damaged people
2	damaged people
2	that may or may not qual
2	may or may not qual
2	may or may not
2	may or may
2	may or
3	captures that perverse element of the Kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other . ''
2	captures that perverse element of the Kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other .
3	captures that perverse element of the Kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other
2	that perverse element of the Kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other
2	that perverse element of the Kafkaesque
0	that perverse element
2	perverse element
2	of the Kafkaesque
2	the Kafkaesque
2	where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other
2	identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other
1	, overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other
2	overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other
2	, is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other
2	is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other
2	robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other
1	robbed and replaced
3	robbed and
2	with a persecuted `` other
2	a persecuted `` other
2	persecuted `` other
2	persecuted ``
4	The actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way .
2	The actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way
4	The actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing ,
4	The actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing
4	The actors are simply too good , and
3	The actors are simply too good ,
4	The actors are simply too good
2	The actors
3	are simply too good
2	are simply
3	too good
2	the story too intriguing
2	the story
2	too intriguing
1	for technical flaws to get in the way
1	technical flaws to get in the way
1	technical flaws
1	to get in the way
1	get in the way
2	in the way
2	the way
2	An estrogen opera so intensely feminine that it serves as the antidote -LRB- and cannier doppelganger -RRB- to Diesel 's XXX flex-a-thon .
2	An estrogen opera
2	estrogen opera
4	so intensely feminine that it serves as the antidote -LRB- and cannier doppelganger -RRB- to Diesel 's XXX flex-a-thon .
2	so intensely
2	feminine that it serves as the antidote -LRB- and cannier doppelganger -RRB- to Diesel 's XXX flex-a-thon .
2	feminine that it serves as the antidote -LRB- and cannier doppelganger -RRB- to Diesel 's XXX flex-a-thon
2	that it serves as the antidote -LRB- and cannier doppelganger -RRB- to Diesel 's XXX flex-a-thon
2	it serves as the antidote -LRB- and cannier doppelganger -RRB- to Diesel 's XXX flex-a-thon
3	serves as the antidote -LRB- and cannier doppelganger -RRB- to Diesel 's XXX flex-a-thon
2	serves as the antidote -LRB- and cannier doppelganger -RRB-
2	serves as the antidote
2	as the antidote
3	the antidote
2	-LRB- and cannier doppelganger -RRB-
2	-LRB- and cannier doppelganger
2	-LRB- and
2	cannier doppelganger
3	to Diesel 's XXX flex-a-thon
1	Diesel 's XXX flex-a-thon
2	Diesel 's
3	XXX flex-a-thon
3	Imamura has said that Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .
2	has said that Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .
3	has said that Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women
3	said that Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women
3	that Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women
2	Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women
2	Warm Water
4	Under a Red Bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women
2	Under a Red Bridge
2	a Red Bridge
2	Red Bridge
4	is a poem to the enduring strengths of women
3	a poem to the enduring strengths of women
2	a poem
4	to the enduring strengths of women
3	the enduring strengths of women
3	the enduring strengths
3	enduring strengths
2	of women
4	It may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
4	may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
4	may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made
2	may also
4	be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made
4	the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made
4	the best sex comedy
4	best sex comedy
2	sex comedy
2	about environmental pollution ever made
1	environmental pollution ever made
1	environmental pollution
2	ever made
3	It 's a ripper of a yarn and I for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill .
4	It 's a ripper of a yarn and I for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill
3	It 's a ripper of a yarn and
3	It 's a ripper of a yarn
2	's a ripper of a yarn
2	a ripper of a yarn
2	a ripper
2	of a yarn
2	a yarn
3	I for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill
2	I for one
2	for one
4	enjoyed the thrill of the chill
3	the thrill of the chill
3	the thrill
2	of the chill
2	the chill
3	Naomi Watts is terrific as Rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .
4	Naomi Watts is terrific as Rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation
4	Naomi Watts is terrific as Rachel ;
4	Naomi Watts is terrific as Rachel
2	Naomi Watts
4	is terrific as Rachel
4	terrific as Rachel
2	as Rachel
3	her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation
2	her petite frame and vulnerable persona
2	her petite frame and
2	her petite frame
2	petite frame
2	vulnerable persona
3	emphasising her plight and isolation
2	her plight and isolation
1	plight and isolation
2	plight and
3	A family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life .
3	A family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what
3	A family film
2	family film
3	that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what
3	contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what
2	contains some hefty thematic material
2	some hefty thematic material
3	hefty thematic material
2	thematic material
2	on time , death , eternity , and what
2	time , death , eternity , and what
2	time , death , eternity , and
2	time , death , eternity ,
2	time , death , eternity
2	time , death ,
1	time , death
2	time ,
3	is needed to live a rich and full life .
3	is needed to live a rich and full life
2	needed to live a rich and full life
2	to live a rich and full life
3	live a rich and full life
3	a rich and full life
3	rich and full life
3	rich and full
3	rich and
4	With Dickens ' words and writer-director Douglas McGrath 's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told .
3	With Dickens ' words and writer-director Douglas McGrath 's even-toned direction
3	Dickens ' words and writer-director Douglas McGrath 's even-toned direction
2	Dickens ' words and
3	Dickens ' words
2	Dickens '
3	writer-director Douglas McGrath 's even-toned direction
2	writer-director Douglas McGrath 's
2	Douglas McGrath 's
2	McGrath 's
3	even-toned direction
3	, a ripping good yarn is told .
3	a ripping good yarn is told .
3	a ripping good yarn
2	ripping good yarn
3	good yarn
2	is told .
2	is told
3	Exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming .
3	Exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming
2	Exactly what its title implies :
2	Exactly what its title implies
2	what its title implies
3	its title implies
2	its title
4	lusty , boisterous and utterly charming
3	lusty ,
4	boisterous and utterly charming
2	boisterous and
3	utterly charming
4	The film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
2	The film
3	is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
3	is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work
2	is darkly
3	funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work
3	in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work
1	its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work
2	its observation
2	of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work
1	just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work
1	just how much more grueling and time-consuming
2	just how much
2	just how
1	more grueling and time-consuming
1	more grueling and
2	more grueling
3	the illusion of work is than actual work
2	the illusion of work
2	the illusion
2	of work
2	is than actual work
2	than actual work
2	actual work
4	A smart , compelling drama .
4	A smart , compelling drama
3	smart , compelling drama
4	smart , compelling
3	, compelling
4	A must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle .
4	A must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those
4	A must-see
2	for fans of thoughtful war films and those
2	fans of thoughtful war films and those
3	of thoughtful war films and those
2	thoughtful war films and those
2	thoughtful war films and
3	thoughtful war films
2	war films
2	interested in the sights and sounds of battle .
3	interested in the sights and sounds of battle
2	in the sights and sounds of battle
2	the sights and sounds of battle
2	the sights and sounds
2	sights and sounds
2	sights and
2	of battle
2	I found myself liking the film , though in this case one man 's treasure could prove to be another man 's garbage .
2	found myself liking the film , though in this case one man 's treasure could prove to be another man 's garbage .
2	found myself liking the film , though in this case one man 's treasure could prove to be another man 's garbage
3	found myself liking the film ,
3	found myself liking the film
2	found myself
3	liking the film
2	the film
2	though in this case one man 's treasure could prove to be another man 's garbage
1	in this case one man 's treasure could prove to be another man 's garbage
2	in this case
2	this case
2	one man 's treasure could prove to be another man 's garbage
3	one man 's treasure
2	one man 's
2	man 's
1	could prove to be another man 's garbage
2	prove to be another man 's garbage
2	to be another man 's garbage
2	be another man 's garbage
2	another man 's garbage
2	another man 's
2	man 's
3	... Rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .
2	Rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .
2	Rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle
2	Rogers 's mouth
2	Rogers 's
2	never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle
2	stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle
2	shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle
2	shut about the war between the sexes and
2	shut about the war between the sexes
2	about the war between the sexes
2	the war between the sexes
2	the war
2	between the sexes
2	the sexes
3	how to win the battle
2	to win the battle
2	win the battle
1	the battle
3	Deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .
3	Deliberately and skillfully uses
3	Deliberately and skillfully
2	Deliberately and
3	ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .
2	ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance
3	to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance
3	suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance
4	possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance
3	which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance
3	imbue the theme with added depth and resonance
3	the theme with added depth and resonance
2	the theme
3	with added depth and resonance
3	added depth and resonance
2	depth and resonance
2	depth and
2	It 's all entertaining enough , but do n't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .
2	's all entertaining enough , but do n't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .
2	's all entertaining enough , but do n't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper
2	's all entertaining enough , but
2	's all entertaining enough ,
3	's all entertaining enough
3	all entertaining enough
2	entertaining enough
1	do n't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper
2	do n't
1	look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper
1	for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper
2	any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper
2	any hefty anti-establishment message
3	hefty anti-establishment message
1	anti-establishment message
2	in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper
1	what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper
3	is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper
2	is essentially
1	a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper
4	a whip-crack of a buddy movie
2	a whip-crack
3	of a buddy movie
3	a buddy movie
2	buddy movie
1	that ends with a whimper
1	ends with a whimper
2	with a whimper
1	a whimper
4	Nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful .
2	Nicholson 's understated performance
2	Nicholson 's
2	understated performance
4	is wonderful .
4	is wonderful
2	As Warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he 's neglected over the years .
1	As Warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences
2	As Warren
2	he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences
1	stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences
2	in search of all the emotions and life experiences
2	search of all the emotions and life experiences
2	of all the emotions and life experiences
2	all the emotions and life experiences
2	all the emotions and
2	all the emotions
2	the emotions
2	life experiences
2	he 's neglected over the years .
2	's neglected over the years .
1	's neglected over the years
1	neglected over the years
2	over the years
2	the years
3	Despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , Empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
2	Despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot
1	its old-hat set-up and predictable plot
1	its old-hat set-up and
2	its old-hat set-up
2	old-hat set-up
1	predictable plot
3	, Empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
2	Empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
3	still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
4	has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
3	has enough moments to keep it entertaining
3	enough moments to keep it entertaining
3	moments to keep it entertaining
2	to keep it entertaining
3	keep it entertaining
3	it entertaining
3	Another entertaining romp from Robert Rodriguez .
3	Another entertaining
3	romp from Robert Rodriguez .
2	romp from Robert Rodriguez
2	from Robert Rodriguez
2	Robert Rodriguez
2	It 's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it 's entertaining enough and worth a look .
2	It 's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it 's entertaining enough and worth a look
2	It 's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but
3	It 's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie ,
2	It 's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie
2	's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie
2	's not
3	a classic spy-action or buddy movie
2	classic spy-action or buddy movie
2	spy-action or buddy movie
2	or buddy movie
2	buddy movie
3	it 's entertaining enough and worth a look
3	's entertaining enough and worth a look
3	entertaining enough and worth a look
3	entertaining enough and worth
2	enough and worth
2	enough and
2	a look
1	I am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .
2	am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .
0	am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here
0	am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display
1	more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display
1	more offended by his lack of faith in his audience
0	offended by his lack of faith in his audience
2	by his lack of faith in his audience
1	his lack of faith in his audience
1	his lack
2	of faith in his audience
2	faith in his audience
2	in his audience
2	his audience
2	than by anything on display
1	by anything on display
2	anything on display
2	on display
3	A sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .
2	A sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception
3	A sharp satire
2	sharp satire
2	of desperation and cinematic deception
1	desperation and cinematic deception
1	and cinematic deception
1	cinematic deception
3	Tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .
3	convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .
2	paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .
3	paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here
2	paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation
2	a specifically urban sense of disassociation
2	a specifically urban sense
2	specifically urban sense
2	urban sense
2	of disassociation
3	If you can swallow its absurdities and crudities Lagaan really is enormously good fun .
1	If you can swallow its absurdities and crudities
2	you can swallow its absurdities and crudities
2	can swallow its absurdities and crudities
1	swallow its absurdities and crudities
1	its absurdities and crudities
2	absurdities and crudities
1	absurdities and
4	Lagaan really is enormously good fun .
4	really is enormously good fun .
4	is enormously good fun .
4	is enormously good fun
4	enormously good fun
4	enormously good
3	An unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .
3	An unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest
2	An unorthodox little film noir organized crime story
2	unorthodox little film noir organized crime story
3	little film noir organized crime story
2	film noir organized crime story
2	noir organized crime story
2	organized crime story
2	crime story
2	that includes one of the strangest
3	includes one of the strangest
2	one of the strangest
2	of the strangest
2	the strangest
3	love stories you will ever see .
3	love stories you will ever see
2	stories you will ever see
2	you will ever see
2	will ever see
2	will ever
3	A pleasing , often-funny comedy .
3	A pleasing , often-funny comedy
3	A pleasing ,
2	A pleasing
3	often-funny comedy
2	-LRB- A -RRB- rare movie that makes us re-assess the basis for our lives and evaluate what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity .
3	-LRB- A -RRB- rare movie that makes us
3	-LRB- A -RRB- rare movie
2	-LRB- A -RRB-
2	A -RRB-
3	rare movie
2	that makes us
2	makes us
2	re-assess the basis for our lives and evaluate what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity .
3	re-assess the basis for our lives and evaluate what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity
2	re-assess the basis for our lives and
2	re-assess the basis for our lives
2	the basis for our lives
2	the basis
2	for our lives
2	our lives
3	evaluate what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity
2	what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity
2	is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity
2	truly ours in a world of meaningless activity
2	ours in a world of meaningless activity
1	in a world of meaningless activity
1	a world of meaningless activity
2	a world
2	of meaningless activity
2	meaningless activity
4	All three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly Balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .
2	All three actresses
2	three actresses
4	are simply dazzling , particularly Balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .
3	are simply dazzling , particularly Balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents
3	are simply dazzling ,
3	are simply dazzling
2	are simply
3	particularly Balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents
3	Balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents
2	Balk ,
4	who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents
3	's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents
2	's finally
3	been given a part worthy of her considerable talents
4	given a part worthy of her considerable talents
2	given a part
2	a part
3	worthy of her considerable talents
3	of her considerable talents
4	her considerable talents
4	considerable talents
4	An Asian neo-realist treasure .
3	Asian neo-realist treasure .
2	neo-realist treasure .
3	treasure .
3	Plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as Nicholas ' wounded and wounding Uncle Ralph .
3	steals the show without resorting to camp as Nicholas ' wounded and wounding Uncle Ralph .
3	steals the show without resorting to camp as Nicholas ' wounded and wounding Uncle Ralph
3	steals the show
2	the show
2	without resorting to camp as Nicholas ' wounded and wounding Uncle Ralph
2	resorting to camp as Nicholas ' wounded and wounding Uncle Ralph
2	resorting to camp as Nicholas ' wounded and
2	resorting to camp as Nicholas ' wounded
1	resorting to camp
2	to camp
2	as Nicholas ' wounded
2	Nicholas ' wounded
2	Nicholas '
2	wounding Uncle Ralph
3	Uncle Ralph
4	It 's a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur .
4	's a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur .
4	's a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur
4	a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur
4	a great performance and
3	a great performance
4	great performance
2	a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur
2	a reminder
2	of Dickens ' grandeur
2	Dickens ' grandeur
2	Dickens '
1	... less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror .
1	less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror .
2	less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population
1	less a story
2	a story
2	than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population
1	an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population
0	an inexplicable nightmare ,
1	an inexplicable nightmare
1	inexplicable nightmare
2	right down to the population
2	down to the population
2	to the population
2	the population
2	's shrugging acceptance to each new horror .
2	's shrugging acceptance to each new horror
2	shrugging acceptance to each new horror
2	shrugging acceptance
2	to each new horror
2	each new horror
2	new horror
4	I am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson .
1	am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson .
2	am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson
2	am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society
2	highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society
2	amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society
3	amused by the idea
2	by the idea
2	the idea
2	that we have come to a point in society
2	we have come to a point in society
2	have come to a point in society
2	come to a point in society
2	to a point in society
2	a point in society
2	a point
2	in society
2	where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson
3	it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson
2	has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson
3	been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson
3	deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson
2	important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson
2	important enough
1	to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson
1	make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson
2	a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson
2	a film
2	in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson
2	in which
2	someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson
2	has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson
2	to be hired to portray Richard Dawson
2	be hired to portray Richard Dawson
2	hired to portray Richard Dawson
2	to portray Richard Dawson
2	portray Richard Dawson
2	Richard Dawson
4	A compassionate , moving portrait of an American -LRB- and an America -RRB- always reaching for something just outside his grasp .
3	A compassionate , moving portrait of an American -LRB- and an America -RRB- always reaching for something just outside his grasp
3	A compassionate ,
3	A compassionate
3	moving portrait of an American -LRB- and an America -RRB- always reaching for something just outside his grasp
3	moving portrait
2	of an American -LRB- and an America -RRB- always reaching for something just outside his grasp
1	an American -LRB- and an America -RRB- always reaching for something just outside his grasp
2	an American -LRB- and an America -RRB-
2	an American -LRB- and an America
2	an American -LRB- and
2	an American -LRB-
3	an American
2	an America
2	always reaching for something just outside his grasp
2	reaching for something just outside his grasp
2	for something just outside his grasp
2	something just outside his grasp
2	something just
1	outside his grasp
2	his grasp
2	An original little film about one young woman 's education .
3	An original little film about one young woman
3	An original little film
3	original little film
2	little film
2	about one young woman
2	one young woman
2	young woman
2	's education .
2	's education
2	The film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome .
2	The film
2	is about the relationships rather than about the outcome .
2	is about the relationships rather than about the outcome
2	about the relationships rather than about the outcome
2	about the relationships rather than
2	about the relationships
2	the relationships
2	rather than
2	about the outcome
2	the outcome
3	And it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .
4	it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .
3	sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .
3	sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen
3	those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen
2	those relationships ,
2	those relationships
3	including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen
4	that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen
3	that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers ,
3	that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers
2	that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and
2	that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father ,
2	that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father
2	that between the son and his wife , and
2	that between the son and his wife ,
2	that between the son and his wife
2	between the son and his wife
2	the son and his wife
2	the son and
2	the son
2	his wife
2	the wife and the father
2	the wife and
2	the wife
2	the father
2	between the two brothers
2	the two brothers
2	two brothers
3	with incredible subtlety and acumen
3	incredible subtlety and acumen
3	subtlety and acumen
2	subtlety and
4	One of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .
4	One of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then
3	of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then
2	those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then
4	those terrific documentaries
3	terrific documentaries
3	that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then
2	collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then
2	a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then
2	a bunch
2	of people who are enthusiastic about something and then
3	people who are enthusiastic about something and then
3	who are enthusiastic about something and then
2	are enthusiastic about something and then
2	enthusiastic about something and then
2	about something and then
2	something and then
2	something and
3	figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .
3	figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm
2	figures out
3	how to make us share their enthusiasm
3	to make us share their enthusiasm
3	make us share their enthusiasm
3	us share their enthusiasm
3	share their enthusiasm
3	their enthusiasm
3	An instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .
2	An instance of an old dog
2	An instance
2	of an old dog
2	an old dog
2	old dog
3	not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .
3	not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick
3	only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick
4	learning but inventing a remarkable new trick
2	learning but inventing
2	learning but
3	a remarkable new trick
3	remarkable new trick
2	new trick
3	Rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...
3	has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...
3	has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid
3	the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid
2	the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and
2	the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat
2	the chops
2	of a smart-aleck film school brat
2	a smart-aleck film school brat
2	smart-aleck film school brat
1	film school brat
2	school brat
2	the imagination of a big kid
3	the imagination
2	of a big kid
2	a big kid
2	big kid
3	Amy and Matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it .
2	Amy and Matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it
1	Amy and Matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but
1	Amy and Matthew have a bit of a phony relationship ,
1	Amy and Matthew have a bit of a phony relationship
2	Amy and Matthew
2	Amy and
2	have a bit of a phony relationship
1	a bit of a phony relationship
2	a bit
2	of a phony relationship
1	a phony relationship
1	phony relationship
3	the film works in spite of it
2	the film
2	works in spite of it
2	in spite of it
3	spite of it
2	of it
3	Garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work .
2	Garcia and the other actors help
2	Garcia and
2	the other actors help
2	other actors help
2	actors help
2	make the wobbly premise work .
2	make the wobbly premise work
1	the wobbly premise work
1	wobbly premise work
2	premise work
3	It 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .
3	's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .
3	's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series
3	's surprisingly decent , particularly
3	's surprisingly decent ,
3	's surprisingly decent
3	surprisingly decent
2	for a tenth installment in a series
2	a tenth installment in a series
2	a tenth installment
2	tenth installment
2	in a series
2	a series
3	A fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man .
3	A fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man
4	A fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions
3	A fascinating , unnerving examination
4	fascinating , unnerving examination
2	, unnerving examination
2	unnerving examination
2	of the delusions
1	the delusions
3	of one unstable man
2	one unstable man
2	unstable man
4	It 's no accident that The Accidental Spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
3	's no accident that The Accidental Spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
4	's no accident that The Accidental Spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form
3	's no accident
2	no accident
4	that The Accidental Spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form
4	The Accidental Spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form
2	The Accidental Spy
2	Accidental Spy
4	is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form
3	a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form
3	a solid action pic
3	solid action pic
2	action pic
3	that returns the martial arts master to top form
4	returns the martial arts master to top form
3	the martial arts master to top form
2	the martial arts master
2	martial arts master
2	arts master
3	to top form
3	top form
4	Leave it to the French to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .
3	Leave it to the French to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama
1	Leave it
4	to the French to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama
3	the French to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama
4	French to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama
2	French to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy
3	to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy
4	truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy
4	capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy
2	capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man
2	the terrifying angst of the modern working man
2	the terrifying angst
1	terrifying angst
2	of the modern working man
2	the modern working man
2	modern working man
2	working man
2	without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy
2	turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy
2	turning the film
2	the film
0	into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy
2	a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy
1	a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or
1	a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy
2	a cheap thriller ,
1	a cheap thriller
2	cheap thriller
0	a dumb comedy
1	dumb comedy
2	a sappy
3	The director , Mark Pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head .
2	The director , Mark Pellington ,
2	The director , Mark Pellington
2	The director ,
2	The director
2	Mark Pellington
2	does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head .
1	does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head
2	a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head
4	a terrific job
3	terrific job
0	conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head
2	conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere
2	conjuring up
2	a sinister , menacing atmosphere
2	sinister , menacing atmosphere
2	, menacing atmosphere
1	menacing atmosphere
1	though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head
0	unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head
0	all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head
2	all the story
2	the story
2	gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head
2	us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head
2	is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head
2	flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head
2	red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head
2	red lights , a rattling noise , and
2	red lights , a rattling noise ,
1	red lights , a rattling noise
2	red lights ,
2	red lights
2	a rattling noise
2	rattling noise
1	a bump on the head
2	a bump
2	on the head
2	the head
4	Heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on Petter Næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by Axel Hellstenius .
4	here relies less on forced air than on Petter Næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by Axel Hellstenius .
4	relies less on forced air than on Petter Næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by Axel Hellstenius .
4	relies less on forced air than on Petter Næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by Axel Hellstenius
3	relies less on forced air than on Petter Næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script
2	less on forced air than on Petter Næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script
2	less on forced air
2	on forced air
2	forced air
4	than on Petter Næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script
4	on Petter Næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script
4	Petter Næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script
3	Petter Næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and
3	Petter Næss ' delicate , clever direction ...
4	Petter Næss ' delicate , clever direction
2	Petter Næss '
2	Næss '
3	delicate , clever direction
4	delicate , clever
3	, clever
4	a wonderful , imaginative script
4	wonderful , imaginative script
4	wonderful , imaginative
3	, imaginative
2	by Axel Hellstenius
2	Axel Hellstenius
3	Makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .
2	the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .
3	the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted
3	the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem
2	the case
3	for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem
2	a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem
3	a strong education and
2	a strong education
3	strong education
2	good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem
2	good teachers
3	being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem
2	being more valuable
3	more valuable
3	in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem
3	the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem
2	the way
3	they help increase an average student 's self-esteem
3	help increase an average student 's self-esteem
2	increase an average student 's self-esteem
2	an average student 's self-esteem
2	an average student 's
2	average student 's
2	student 's
3	, and not strictly in the knowledge imparted
2	and not strictly in the knowledge imparted
2	not strictly in the knowledge imparted
2	strictly in the knowledge imparted
3	in the knowledge imparted
2	the knowledge imparted
2	knowledge imparted
3	Steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .
4	Steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches
3	Steers refreshingly clear
3	refreshingly clear
2	of the usual cliches
1	the usual cliches
2	usual cliches
4	`` Home Movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
4	Home Movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
2	Home Movie
4	'' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
4	is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
3	is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time
4	is a sweet treasure and something well worth
4	a sweet treasure and something well worth
4	a sweet treasure and something
3	sweet treasure and something
2	treasure and something
3	treasure and
3	well worth
2	your time
4	Highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .
3	recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .
4	recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting
3	viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting
4	for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting
4	its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting
3	its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and
3	its courage , ideas , technical proficiency
3	its courage , ideas ,
3	its courage , ideas
3	its courage ,
2	its courage
3	technical proficiency
4	great acting
3	The movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing .
3	The movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses --
2	The movie 's thesis
2	The movie 's
2	movie 's
3	-- elegant technology for the masses --
3	elegant technology for the masses --
4	elegant technology for the masses
3	elegant technology
2	for the masses
2	the masses
4	is surprisingly refreshing .
4	is surprisingly refreshing
3	surprisingly refreshing
4	Scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern Lothario .
4	delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern Lothario .
3	delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern Lothario
4	a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern Lothario
4	a terrific performance
4	terrific performance
4	in this fascinating portrait of a modern Lothario
3	this fascinating portrait of a modern Lothario
3	this fascinating portrait
4	fascinating portrait
2	of a modern Lothario
2	a modern Lothario
2	modern Lothario
3	... Wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams .
3	Wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams .
2	is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams .
3	is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams
3	smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams
3	to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams
2	vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams
2	the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams
2	the pitch of his movie ,
2	the pitch of his movie
2	the pitch
2	of his movie
2	his movie
3	balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams
2	deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams
2	deafening battle scenes
2	battle scenes
2	with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams
2	quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams
2	quieter domestic scenes of women
1	quieter domestic scenes
2	domestic scenes
2	of women
2	back home receiving War Department telegrams
2	back home
1	receiving War Department telegrams
2	War Department telegrams
2	Department telegrams
4	Combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .
4	Combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption
3	Combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart
4	sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart
3	sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and
3	sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics ,
3	sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics
4	sharp comedy ,
3	sharp comedy
2	old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics
2	monster movie atmospherics
2	movie atmospherics
3	genuine heart
3	to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption
3	create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption
2	create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also
2	create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but
3	create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* ,
3	create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\*
3	a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\*
2	a film
2	that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\*
2	's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\*
2	's not merely
2	's not
3	about kicking undead \*\*\*
1	kicking undead \*\*\*
2	undead \*\*\*
3	about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption
2	dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption
1	with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption
3	regret and , ultimately , finding redemption
1	regret and , ultimately ,
1	regret and
2	, ultimately ,
2	ultimately ,
2	finding redemption
3	While most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .
2	While most films these days are about nothing
2	most films these days are about nothing
2	most films
1	these days are about nothing
2	these days
2	are about nothing
1	about nothing
2	, this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .
2	this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .
2	this film
2	seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .
1	seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world
2	to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world
3	be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world
2	about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world
2	everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world
1	that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world
2	's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world
3	plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world
2	the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world
2	the human spirit
2	human spirit
2	in a relentlessly globalizing world
3	a relentlessly globalizing world
2	relentlessly globalizing world
1	relentlessly globalizing
3	Marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .
4	puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .
3	puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula
3	a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula
3	a suspenseful spin
3	suspenseful spin
1	on standard horror flick formula
1	standard horror flick formula
2	horror flick formula
2	flick formula
1	As lively an account as Seinfeld is deadpan .
2	As lively
2	an account as Seinfeld is deadpan .
2	an account as Seinfeld
2	an account
2	as Seinfeld
2	is deadpan .
1	is deadpan
3	Though Lan Yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .
1	Though Lan Yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency
1	Lan Yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency
2	Lan Yu
1	lacks a sense of dramatic urgency
3	a sense of dramatic urgency
2	a sense
2	of dramatic urgency
3	dramatic urgency
3	, the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .
3	the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .
2	the film
3	makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .
3	makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude
2	makes up for it
2	makes up
2	for it
3	with a pleasing verisimilitude
4	a pleasing verisimilitude
3	pleasing verisimilitude
3	You may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping .
3	may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping .
2	may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping
2	may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but
2	may leave the theater with more questions than answers ,
2	may leave the theater with more questions than answers
2	leave the theater with more questions than answers
1	leave the theater
2	the theater
2	with more questions than answers
2	more questions than answers
2	more questions
2	than answers
3	darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping
2	if your toes wo n't still be tapping
3	your toes wo n't still be tapping
2	your toes
3	wo n't still be tapping
2	wo n't still
2	wo n't
2	be tapping
3	Take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year .
4	Take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year
2	Take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and
2	Take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture ,
3	Take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture
2	any 12-year-old boy to see this picture
2	12-year-old boy to see this picture
2	boy to see this picture
2	to see this picture
2	see this picture
2	this picture
2	he 'll be your slave for a year
2	'll be your slave for a year
2	be your slave for a year
2	your slave for a year
2	your slave
2	for a year
2	a year
2	But this is not a movie about an inhuman monster ; it 's about a very human one .
3	But this is not a movie about an inhuman monster ; it 's about a very human one
2	But this is not a movie about an inhuman monster ;
2	But this is not a movie about an inhuman monster
2	this is not a movie about an inhuman monster
2	is not a movie about an inhuman monster
1	is not
2	a movie about an inhuman monster
2	a movie
2	about an inhuman monster
1	an inhuman monster
1	inhuman monster
3	it 's about a very human one
3	's about a very human one
2	about a very human one
2	a very human one
2	very human one
2	very human
2	At times THE GUYS taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage .
2	At times THE GUYS taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage
3	At times THE GUYS taps into some powerful emotions , but
3	At times THE GUYS taps into some powerful emotions ,
3	At times THE GUYS taps into some powerful emotions
2	At times
4	THE GUYS taps into some powerful emotions
2	THE GUYS
3	taps into some powerful emotions
2	into some powerful emotions
3	some powerful emotions
3	powerful emotions
1	this kind of material is more effective on stage
1	this kind of material
2	this kind
2	of material
1	is more effective on stage
1	more effective on stage
3	effective on stage
2	on stage
0	It 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .
0	It 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture
1	It 's not a motion picture ;
2	It 's not a motion picture
2	's not a motion picture
2	's not
2	a motion picture
2	motion picture
1	it 's an utterly static picture
1	's an utterly static picture
2	an utterly static picture
1	utterly static picture
1	utterly static
3	What makes it worth watching is Quaid 's performance .
3	What makes it worth watching
3	makes it worth watching
3	it worth watching
3	worth watching
2	is Quaid 's performance .
2	is Quaid 's performance
2	Quaid 's performance
2	Quaid 's
3	Soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film .
2	skims the fat from the 1972 film .
2	skims the fat from the 1972 film
2	skims the fat
3	the fat
2	from the 1972 film
2	the 1972 film
2	1972 film
2	What 's left is a rich stew of longing .
2	What 's left
2	's left
3	is a rich stew of longing .
3	is a rich stew of longing
3	a rich stew of longing
3	a rich stew
3	rich stew
2	of longing
4	It 's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies .
4	's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies .
4	's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
3	the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
4	the brilliant surfing photography
4	brilliant surfing photography
2	surfing photography
4	bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
2	bringing you
3	right inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
3	inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
4	the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
2	the massive waves
2	massive waves
4	that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
4	lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
2	lifts Blue Crush
2	Blue Crush
4	into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
4	one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
4	of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
4	the summer 's most pleasurable movies
2	the summer 's
2	summer 's
3	most pleasurable movies
3	pleasurable movies
3	More of the same from Taiwanese auteur Tsai Ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films .
4	More of the same from Taiwanese auteur Tsai Ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
4	of the same from Taiwanese auteur Tsai Ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
3	the same from Taiwanese auteur Tsai Ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
2	the same from Taiwanese auteur Tsai Ming-liang ,
2	the same from Taiwanese auteur Tsai Ming-liang
2	the same
2	from Taiwanese auteur Tsai Ming-liang
2	Taiwanese auteur Tsai Ming-liang
2	auteur Tsai Ming-liang
2	Tsai Ming-liang
4	which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
3	is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
4	good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
3	good news to anyone
3	good news
2	to anyone
3	who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
3	's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
3	fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
3	under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
2	the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
3	the sweet , melancholy spell
3	sweet , melancholy spell
2	, melancholy spell
2	melancholy spell
3	of this unique director 's previous films
3	this unique director 's previous films
2	this unique director 's
3	unique director 's
2	director 's
2	previous films
3	Hatfield and Hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications .
3	Hatfield and Hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications
2	Hatfield and Hicks make the oddest of couples , and
2	Hatfield and Hicks make the oddest of couples ,
2	Hatfield and Hicks make the oddest of couples
2	Hatfield and Hicks
2	Hatfield and
2	make the oddest of couples
2	the oddest of couples
2	the oddest
2	of couples
3	in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications
2	in this sense
2	this sense
2	the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications
2	the movie
2	becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications
2	becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world ,
2	becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world
2	a study of the gambles of the publishing world
2	a study
2	of the gambles of the publishing world
2	the gambles of the publishing world
2	the gambles
2	of the publishing world
2	the publishing world
2	publishing world
2	offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications
3	a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications
2	a case study
2	case study
2	that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications
2	exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications
2	exists apart
2	from all the movie 's political ramifications
2	all the movie 's political ramifications
2	the movie 's political ramifications
2	the movie 's
2	movie 's
2	political ramifications
4	Best of all is Garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .
4	Best of all
2	of all
3	is Garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .
2	is Garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man
4	Garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man
2	Garcia ,
3	who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man
3	perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man
2	portrays the desperation of a very insecure man
1	the desperation of a very insecure man
2	the desperation
2	of a very insecure man
2	a very insecure man
2	very insecure man
0	very insecure
3	The filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching .
2	The filmmakers
4	try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching .
3	try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching
3	to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching
4	balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching
3	balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness ,
3	balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness
3	pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness
3	, often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness
3	often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness
2	often incisive
3	satire and unabashed sweetness
3	and unabashed sweetness
3	unabashed sweetness
4	with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching
3	with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and
3	with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often ,
2	results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often ,
2	results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often
2	results that are sometimes bracing ,
3	results that are sometimes bracing
2	that are sometimes bracing
3	are sometimes bracing
2	are sometimes
2	sometimes baffling and quite often
2	sometimes baffling and
2	sometimes baffling
2	quite often
3	in unexpected ways , touching
3	unexpected ways , touching
2	unexpected ways ,
2	unexpected ways
3	A sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother .
3	A sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother
3	A sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss :
4	A sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss
4	A sobering and powerful documentary
3	sobering and powerful documentary
4	and powerful documentary
4	powerful documentary
2	about the most severe kind of personal loss
2	the most severe kind of personal loss
1	the most severe kind
2	most severe kind
1	most severe
2	of personal loss
1	personal loss
1	rejection by one 's mother
2	by one 's mother
2	one 's mother
2	one 's
2	Often overwrought and at times positively irritating , the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself .
1	Often overwrought and at times positively irritating
1	Often overwrought and
1	Often overwrought
2	at times positively irritating
1	times positively irritating
2	positively irritating
3	, the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself .
3	the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself .
2	the film
3	turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself .
3	turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself
3	into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself
3	an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself
4	an engrossing thriller
3	engrossing thriller
2	almost in spite of itself
2	in spite of itself
2	spite of itself
2	of itself
4	Humorous and heartfelt , Douglas McGrath 's version of ` Nicholas Nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .
3	Humorous and heartfelt , Douglas McGrath 's version of ` Nicholas Nickleby '
3	Humorous and heartfelt ,
4	Humorous and heartfelt
3	Humorous and
2	Douglas McGrath 's version of ` Nicholas Nickleby '
2	Douglas McGrath 's version
2	Douglas McGrath 's
2	McGrath 's
2	of ` Nicholas Nickleby '
2	of ` Nicholas Nickleby
2	of `
2	Nicholas Nickleby
3	left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .
4	left me feeling refreshed and hopeful
4	me feeling refreshed and hopeful
3	feeling refreshed and hopeful
3	refreshed and hopeful
3	refreshed and
4	Not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .
2	Not many movies
2	many movies
2	have that kind of impact on me these days .
3	have that kind of impact on me these days
3	that kind of impact on me these days
2	that kind
2	of impact on me these days
2	impact on me these days
2	impact on me
2	on me
2	these days
4	A poignant lyricism runs through Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
2	A poignant lyricism
3	poignant lyricism
4	runs through Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
3	runs through Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem
4	through Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem
4	Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem
2	Balzac and
3	the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem
2	the Little Chinese Seamstress
2	Little Chinese Seamstress
2	Chinese Seamstress
4	that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem
3	transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem
3	transforms this story about love and culture
3	this story about love and culture
2	this story
3	about love and culture
3	love and culture
3	love and
3	into a cinematic poem
3	a cinematic poem
3	cinematic poem
2	This is SO De Palma .
2	is SO De Palma .
3	is SO De Palma
2	SO De Palma
2	De Palma
3	If you love him , you 'll like it .
2	If you love him
3	you love him
4	love him
4	, you 'll like it .
3	you 'll like it .
2	'll like it .
3	'll like it
3	like it
2	If you do n't ... well , skip to another review .
2	If you do n't ... well
2	If you do n't ...
1	If you do n't
2	you do n't
2	do n't
2	, skip to another review .
2	skip to another review .
1	skip to another review
2	to another review
2	another review
3	Rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .
3	is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .
2	is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80
1	is less about a superficial midlife crisis
2	less about a superficial midlife crisis
1	about a superficial midlife crisis
2	a superficial midlife crisis
1	superficial midlife crisis
1	midlife crisis
2	than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80
2	it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80
3	is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80
3	about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80
3	the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80
4	need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80
2	to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80
2	stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80
2	stay in touch with your own skin ,
3	stay in touch with your own skin
2	stay in touch
2	in touch
2	with your own skin
2	your own skin
2	own skin
3	at 18 or 80
2	18 or 80
2	18 or
3	The moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended .
2	The moral shrapnel and mental shellshock
2	The moral shrapnel and
2	The moral shrapnel
2	moral shrapnel
2	mental shellshock
3	will linger long after this film has ended .
3	will linger long after this film has ended
3	linger long after this film has ended
3	long after this film has ended
2	after this film has ended
2	this film has ended
2	this film
2	has ended
3	Unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling .
2	Unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling
3	in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling
2	a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling
2	a series of achronological vignettes
2	a series
2	of achronological vignettes
2	achronological vignettes
3	whose cumulative effect is chilling
2	whose cumulative effect
2	whose cumulative
2	is chilling
3	The movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .
2	The movie
4	enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .
4	enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle
2	enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and
3	enters a realm where few non-porn films venture ,
2	enters a realm where few non-porn films venture
2	a realm where few non-porn films venture
2	a realm
2	where few non-porn films venture
2	few non-porn films venture
2	few non-porn films
2	non-porn films
3	comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle
4	across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle
3	as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle
3	as darkly funny , energetic , and
3	as darkly funny , energetic ,
3	as darkly funny , energetic
4	as darkly funny ,
3	as darkly funny
3	darkly funny
3	surprisingly gentle
3	Although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .
2	Although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events
2	the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events
2	the subject matter
2	subject matter
2	may still be too close to recent national events
2	may still
2	be too close to recent national events
2	too close to recent national events
2	close to recent national events
2	to recent national events
2	recent national events
2	national events
4	, the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .
3	the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .
2	the film
3	works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .
3	works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters
3	works - mostly due to its superior cast
3	works -
4	mostly due to its superior cast
2	mostly due
4	to its superior cast
4	its superior cast
4	superior cast
2	of characters
3	It 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on .
3	It 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on
2	It 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but
1	It 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn ,
1	It 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn
1	's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn
2	's not
3	going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn
2	to be everyone 's bag of popcorn
2	be everyone 's bag of popcorn
2	everyone 's bag of popcorn
2	everyone 's bag
3	everyone 's
2	of popcorn
3	it definitely gives you something to chew on
3	definitely gives you something to chew on
2	gives you something to chew on
2	gives you something
2	gives you
2	to chew on
2	chew on
4	Huppert and Girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .
2	Huppert and Girardot
2	Huppert and
3	give performances of exceptional honesty .
3	give performances of exceptional honesty
4	performances of exceptional honesty
3	of exceptional honesty
3	exceptional honesty
4	It has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ...
3	has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ...
3	has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you
4	that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you
3	that rare quality
4	rare quality
2	of being able to creep the living hell out of you
3	being able to creep the living hell out of you
2	able to creep the living hell out of you
1	to creep the living hell out of you
3	creep the living hell out of you
2	the living hell out of you
1	the living hell
1	living hell
2	out of you
2	of you
2	A cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall .
3	A cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall
2	A cautionary tale
2	cautionary tale
3	about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall
3	the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall
2	the grandiosity
2	of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall
2	a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall
2	a college student
2	college student
2	who sees himself as impervious to a fall
2	sees himself as impervious to a fall
2	himself as impervious to a fall
2	as impervious to a fall
2	impervious to a fall
2	to a fall
1	a fall
3	An infinitely wittier version of the Home Alone formula .
3	An infinitely wittier version of the Home Alone formula
3	An infinitely wittier version
4	infinitely wittier version
2	wittier version
2	of the Home Alone formula
3	the Home Alone formula
2	Home Alone formula
2	Alone formula
2	Feardotcom 's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work .
2	Feardotcom 's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work
2	Feardotcom 's thrills are all cheap , but
0	Feardotcom 's thrills are all cheap ,
0	Feardotcom 's thrills are all cheap
3	Feardotcom 's thrills
2	Feardotcom 's
1	are all cheap
2	are all
2	they mostly work
2	mostly work
4	-LRB- Hayek -RRB- throws herself into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with Molina and she gradually makes us believe she is Kahlo .
4	-LRB- Hayek -RRB- throws herself into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with Molina and she gradually makes us believe she is Kahlo
3	-LRB- Hayek -RRB- throws herself into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with Molina and
3	-LRB- Hayek -RRB- throws herself into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with Molina
3	-LRB- Hayek -RRB- throws herself into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto ,
3	-LRB- Hayek -RRB- throws herself into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto
3	-LRB- Hayek -RRB-
2	Hayek -RRB-
3	throws herself into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto
2	throws herself
3	into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto
2	this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto
3	this dream Hispanic role
2	dream Hispanic role
2	Hispanic role
3	with a teeth-clenching gusto
3	a teeth-clenching gusto
3	teeth-clenching gusto
3	she strikes a potent chemistry with Molina
3	strikes a potent chemistry with Molina
3	strikes a potent chemistry
3	a potent chemistry
3	potent chemistry
2	with Molina
3	she gradually makes us believe she is Kahlo
3	gradually makes us believe she is Kahlo
3	makes us believe she is Kahlo
2	us believe she is Kahlo
2	believe she is Kahlo
2	she is Kahlo
2	is Kahlo
4	Mr. Deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way .
3	Mr. Deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way
3	Mr. Deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly --
2	Mr. Deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly
2	Mr. Deeds
2	is , as comedy goes , very silly
3	is , as comedy goes ,
2	is , as comedy goes
2	is ,
2	as comedy goes
3	comedy goes
2	very silly
3	and in the best way
3	in the best way
3	the best way
3	best way
2	You could love Safe Conduct -LRB- Laissez Passer -RRB- for being a subtitled French movie that is 170 minutes long .
2	could love Safe Conduct -LRB- Laissez Passer -RRB- for being a subtitled French movie that is 170 minutes long .
3	could love Safe Conduct -LRB- Laissez Passer -RRB- for being a subtitled French movie that is 170 minutes long
3	love Safe Conduct -LRB- Laissez Passer -RRB- for being a subtitled French movie that is 170 minutes long
2	love Safe Conduct -LRB- Laissez Passer -RRB-
2	Safe Conduct -LRB- Laissez Passer -RRB-
2	Safe Conduct
2	-LRB- Laissez Passer -RRB-
2	Laissez Passer -RRB-
2	Laissez Passer
2	for being a subtitled French movie that is 170 minutes long
2	being a subtitled French movie that is 170 minutes long
2	a subtitled French movie that is 170 minutes long
2	a subtitled French movie
2	subtitled French movie
2	French movie
2	that is 170 minutes long
2	is 170 minutes long
2	170 minutes long
2	170 minutes
1	You could hate it for the same reason .
1	could hate it for the same reason .
0	could hate it for the same reason
1	hate it for the same reason
0	hate it
2	for the same reason
2	the same reason
2	same reason
3	With We Were Soldiers , Hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the Vietnam War before the pathology set in .
2	With We Were Soldiers
3	We Were Soldiers
2	Were Soldiers
2	, Hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the Vietnam War before the pathology set in .
2	Hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the Vietnam War before the pathology set in .
2	makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the Vietnam War before the pathology set in .
2	makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the Vietnam War before the pathology set in
3	a valiant attempt to tell a story about the Vietnam War before the pathology set in
4	valiant attempt to tell a story about the Vietnam War before the pathology set in
2	attempt to tell a story about the Vietnam War before the pathology set in
2	to tell a story about the Vietnam War before the pathology set in
3	tell a story about the Vietnam War before the pathology set in
2	tell a story about the Vietnam War
2	a story about the Vietnam War
2	a story
2	about the Vietnam War
2	the Vietnam War
1	Vietnam War
2	before the pathology set in
2	the pathology set in
2	the pathology
2	set in
1	` Moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '
2	Moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '
3	is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '
2	is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism .
2	is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism
2	like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism
2	a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism
2	a progressive bull
2	progressive bull
2	in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism
3	a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism
2	a china shop ,
2	a china shop
2	china shop
2	a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism
3	a provocateur
2	crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism
2	crashing into ideas and special-interest groups
2	into ideas and special-interest groups
3	ideas and special-interest groups
2	ideas and
2	special-interest groups
2	as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism
1	he slaps together his own brand of liberalism
2	slaps together his own brand of liberalism
2	slaps together
2	his own brand of liberalism
2	his own brand
2	own brand
2	of liberalism
2	Broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force .
3	reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force .
2	reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force
2	an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force
2	an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery
2	an ironic manifestation
2	ironic manifestation
2	of institutionalized slavery
1	institutionalized slavery
2	that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force
2	ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force
2	ties a black-owned record label
2	a black-owned record label
2	black-owned record label
2	record label
1	with a white-empowered police force
1	a white-empowered police force
2	white-empowered police force
2	police force
4	At just over an hour , Home Movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
2	At just over an hour
2	just over an hour
2	over an hour
2	an hour
4	, Home Movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
4	Home Movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
2	Home Movie
4	will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
4	will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face
4	leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face
4	leave you wanting more ,
3	leave you wanting more
2	leave you
3	wanting more
3	not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face
3	to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face
3	mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face
3	leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face
3	leaving you with some laughs and a smile
1	leaving you
3	with some laughs and a smile
3	some laughs and a smile
3	some laughs and
3	some laughs
3	a smile
2	on your face
2	your face
2	Stuart 's poor-me persona needs a whole bunch of Snowball 's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating .
1	Stuart 's poor-me persona
2	Stuart 's
1	poor-me persona
2	needs a whole bunch of Snowball 's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating .
2	needs a whole bunch of Snowball 's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating
2	a whole bunch of Snowball 's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating
2	a whole bunch
2	whole bunch
2	of Snowball 's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating
2	Snowball 's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating
2	Snowball 's
1	cynicism to cut through the sugar coating
1	to cut through the sugar coating
2	cut through the sugar coating
1	through the sugar coating
2	the sugar coating
2	sugar coating
3	But once the falcon arrives in the skies above Manhattan , the adventure is on red alert .
2	once the falcon arrives in the skies above Manhattan , the adventure is on red alert .
2	once the falcon arrives in the skies above Manhattan
3	the falcon arrives in the skies above Manhattan
2	the falcon
2	arrives in the skies above Manhattan
2	in the skies above Manhattan
2	the skies above Manhattan
2	the skies
2	above Manhattan
2	, the adventure is on red alert .
2	the adventure is on red alert .
2	the adventure
2	is on red alert .
2	is on red alert
2	on red alert
2	red alert
4	There is greatness here .
4	is greatness here .
3	is greatness here
4	is greatness
3	Boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .
3	Boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp
3	Boasts enough funny
3	enough funny
3	dialogue and sharp
2	dialogue and
2	characterizations to be mildly amusing .
3	characterizations to be mildly amusing
3	to be mildly amusing
3	be mildly amusing
3	mildly amusing
4	Director Juan Jose Campanella could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
3	Director Juan Jose Campanella
2	Juan Jose Campanella
2	Jose Campanella
3	could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
4	could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films
2	could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and
2	could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film
2	could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty , '' but
2	could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty , ''
1	could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty ,
2	could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty
2	have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty
2	turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty
3	turned this
1	into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty
2	an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty
1	an Argentine retread
1	Argentine retread
2	of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty
2	`` Iris '' or `` American Beauty
2	Iris '' or `` American Beauty
2	Iris '' or ``
2	Iris '' or
2	Iris ''
2	American Beauty
2	instead pulls a little from each film
2	pulls a little from each film
2	pulls a little
2	a little
3	from each film
2	each film
3	creates something more beautiful than either of those films
3	something more beautiful than either of those films
4	more beautiful than either of those films
3	beautiful than either of those films
1	than either of those films
2	either of those films
2	of those films
2	those films
4	If you love the music , and I do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...
3	If you love the music , and I do
3	you love the music , and I do
4	you love the music , and
3	you love the music ,
3	you love the music
4	love the music
2	the music
2	I do
4	, its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...
4	its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...
4	hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...
4	hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary
2	to imagine having more fun watching a documentary
1	imagine having more fun watching a documentary
2	having more fun watching a documentary
1	more fun watching a documentary
2	more fun
2	watching a documentary
2	a documentary
3	Nakata 's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .
2	Nakata 's technique
2	Nakata 's
3	is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .
4	is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects
2	to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects
3	imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects
3	terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects
2	terror by suggestion , rather than
2	terror by suggestion ,
2	terror by suggestion
2	by suggestion
2	rather than
1	the overuse of special effects
2	the overuse
2	of special effects
2	special effects
4	`` 13 Conversations About One Thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
4	13 Conversations About One Thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
2	13 Conversations About One Thing
2	13 Conversations
2	About One Thing
2	One Thing
4	'' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
4	is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
4	is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling
4	an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling
3	an intelligent flick
4	intelligent flick
3	that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling
3	examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling
3	examines many different ideas from happiness
3	many different ideas from happiness
2	many different ideas
2	different ideas
2	from happiness
2	to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling
3	guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling
3	in an intriguing bit of storytelling
3	an intriguing bit of storytelling
3	an intriguing bit
3	intriguing bit
2	of storytelling
3	Satin Rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity .
3	Satin Rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
1	Satin Rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but
1	Satin Rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey ,
1	Satin Rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey
2	Satin Rouge
2	is not a new , or inventive , journey
1	is not
3	a new , or inventive , journey
3	new , or inventive , journey
3	new , or inventive ,
2	, or inventive ,
3	, or inventive
2	, or
4	it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
3	's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
4	encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
3	to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
3	see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
2	see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience
3	a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience
2	a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman
2	three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman
2	, average , middle-aged woman
2	average , middle-aged woman
2	, middle-aged woman
2	middle-aged woman
2	's experience
3	of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
3	self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
2	handled with such sensitivity
3	with such sensitivity
3	such sensitivity
1	Though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
2	Though an important political documentary
3	an important political documentary
3	important political documentary
2	political documentary
1	, this does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
1	this does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
1	does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
1	does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal
1	does not really
2	does not
2	make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal
2	the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal
2	the case
2	the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal
2	the Kissinger
1	should be tried as a war criminal
1	be tried as a war criminal
1	tried as a war criminal
2	as a war criminal
2	a war criminal
2	war criminal
3	Cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .
3	Cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits
3	Cannon 's confidence and
3	Cannon 's confidence
2	Cannon 's
3	laid-back good spirits
4	good spirits
3	are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .
3	are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces
2	are , with the drumming routines ,
2	are , with the drumming routines
2	are ,
2	with the drumming routines
2	the drumming routines
2	drumming routines
2	among the film 's saving graces
3	the film 's saving graces
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	saving graces
3	In its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
4	In its understanding , often funny way
2	its understanding , often funny way
2	its understanding ,
2	its understanding
3	often funny way
3	often funny
3	, it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
2	it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
3	tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
3	tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation
3	a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation
2	a story
3	whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation
2	whose restatement
3	is validated by the changing composition of the nation
2	validated by the changing composition of the nation
2	by the changing composition of the nation
2	the changing composition of the nation
2	the changing composition
2	changing composition
2	of the nation
3	the nation
4	She may not be real , but the laughs are .
3	She may not be real , but the laughs are
2	She may not be real , but
2	She may not be real ,
1	She may not be real
2	may not be real
1	may not
2	be real
2	the laughs are
3	the laughs
4	A fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .
3	A fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries
4	A fiercely clever and subtle film ,
4	A fiercely clever and subtle film
4	fiercely clever and subtle film
4	fiercely clever and subtle
4	clever and subtle
3	clever and
3	capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries
3	the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries
2	the precarious balance
2	precarious balance
2	between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries
2	the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries
2	the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and
3	the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy
3	the extravagant confidence
3	extravagant confidence
2	of the exiled aristocracy
2	the exiled aristocracy
2	exiled aristocracy
3	the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries
2	the cruel earnestness
2	cruel earnestness
3	of the victorious revolutionaries
2	the victorious revolutionaries
3	victorious revolutionaries
2	OK arthouse .
2	arthouse .
2	The power of this script , and the performances that come with it , is that the whole damned thing did n't get our moral hackles up .
4	The power of this script , and the performances that come with it ,
4	The power of this script , and the performances that come with it
3	The power of this script , and
4	The power of this script ,
4	The power of this script
2	The power
2	of this script
3	this script
3	the performances that come with it
2	the performances
2	that come with it
2	come with it
3	with it
1	is that the whole damned thing did n't get our moral hackles up .
1	is that the whole damned thing did n't get our moral hackles up
1	that the whole damned thing did n't get our moral hackles up
1	the whole damned thing did n't get our moral hackles up
2	the whole damned thing
1	whole damned thing
1	damned thing
2	did n't get our moral hackles up
2	did n't
1	get our moral hackles up
1	get our moral hackles
1	our moral hackles
2	moral hackles
3	The movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis .
3	The movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original
2	The movie
3	itself is far from disappointing , offering an original
3	is far from disappointing , offering an original
3	is far from disappointing ,
3	is far from disappointing
3	far from disappointing
1	from disappointing
3	offering an original
4	an original
3	take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis .
3	take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis
3	on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis
4	courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis
2	courtroom movies ,
2	courtroom movies
4	a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis
2	a few nifty twists
2	few nifty twists
3	nifty twists
4	that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis
4	are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis
4	are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance
4	so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance
4	crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance
4	to the genre and another first-rate performance
4	the genre and another first-rate performance
2	the genre and
2	the genre
4	another first-rate performance
4	first-rate performance
3	by top-billed star Bruce Willis
3	top-billed star Bruce Willis
3	star Bruce Willis
2	Bruce Willis
4	About Schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .
2	About Schmidt
4	is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .
4	is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year
2	is undoubtedly
4	one of the finest films of the year
4	of the finest films of the year
4	the finest films of the year
4	the finest films
4	finest films
2	of the year
2	the year
4	If you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .
3	If you 're not deeply touched by this movie
1	you 're not deeply touched by this movie
2	're not deeply touched by this movie
2	're not
4	deeply touched by this movie
3	touched by this movie
2	by this movie
2	this movie
2	, check your pulse .
1	check your pulse .
2	check your pulse
2	your pulse
3	The charm of Revolution OS is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .
3	The charm of Revolution OS
2	The charm
2	of Revolution OS
2	Revolution OS
3	is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .
3	is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers
2	is rather
3	the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers
2	the way
3	it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers
3	introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers
2	introduces you
2	to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers
4	new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers
2	new , fervently held ideas and
2	new , fervently held ideas
2	, fervently held ideas
2	fervently held ideas
2	held ideas
3	fanciful thinkers
1	Until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
2	Until its final minutes
2	its final minutes
2	final minutes
3	this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
2	is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
2	is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity
3	a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity
3	a perceptive study
2	perceptive study
2	of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity
2	two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity
2	two families
3	in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity
0	in crisis
2	-- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity
2	-- and
2	of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity
2	two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity
2	two girls
2	whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity
2	whose friendship
2	is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity
2	is severely
1	tested by bad luck and their own immaturity
1	by bad luck and their own immaturity
1	bad luck and their own immaturity
1	bad luck and
1	bad luck
1	their own immaturity
2	own immaturity
4	Offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .
3	the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .
2	the flash of rock videos
2	the flash
2	of rock videos
2	rock videos
4	fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .
4	fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere
4	with solid performances and eerie atmosphere
3	solid performances and eerie atmosphere
3	solid performances and
3	solid performances
2	eerie atmosphere
3	Filmmakers Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann area headed east , Far East , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
2	Filmmakers Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann area
2	Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann area
2	Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann area
2	and Amir Mann area
2	Amir Mann area
2	Mann area
3	headed east , Far East , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
2	headed east , Far East ,
2	headed east , Far East
2	headed east ,
2	headed east
2	Far East
3	in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
3	retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
3	retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode
3	a historically significant , and personal , episode
3	historically significant , and personal , episode
3	historically significant , and personal ,
3	historically significant , and personal
3	historically significant , and
4	historically significant ,
3	historically significant
3	detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
2	how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
2	one international city welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
2	one international city
2	international city
2	welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
3	welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees
1	tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees
2	tens of thousands
2	of thousands
2	of German Jewish refugees
1	German Jewish refugees
2	Jewish refugees
2	while the world 's democracie
2	the world 's democracie
2	the world
2	's democracie
3	For all its problems ... The Lady and the Duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
2	For all its problems
1	all its problems
2	its problems
4	... The Lady and the Duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
3	The Lady and the Duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
3	The Lady and the Duke surprisingly
2	The Lady and
2	The Lady
2	the Duke surprisingly
2	Duke surprisingly
4	manages never to grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
3	manages never to grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience
2	manages never
3	to grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience
1	grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience
1	grow boring ...
1	grow boring
3	which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience
2	proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience
3	that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience
3	Rohmer still has a sense of his audience
4	still has a sense of his audience
3	has a sense of his audience
2	a sense of his audience
2	a sense
2	of his audience
2	his audience
3	An edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era .
3	An edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era
2	An edifying glimpse
2	edifying glimpse
2	into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era
2	the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era
3	the wit and revolutionary spirit
2	wit and revolutionary spirit
3	and revolutionary spirit
3	revolutionary spirit
2	of these performers and their era
2	these performers and their era
2	these performers and
2	these performers
2	their era
3	Craig Bartlett and director Tuck Tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .
2	Craig Bartlett and director Tuck Tucker
2	Bartlett and director Tuck Tucker
2	and director Tuck Tucker
2	director Tuck Tucker
2	Tuck Tucker
3	should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .
4	should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters
3	be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters
2	commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters
3	for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters
3	illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters
3	the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters
2	the merits
3	of fighting hard for something that really matters
3	fighting hard for something that really matters
2	fighting hard
2	for something that really matters
3	something that really matters
2	that really matters
2	really matters
3	The film is saved from are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition .
2	The film is saved from
2	The film
2	is saved from
3	saved from
3	are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition .
3	are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition
1	are n't
2	- kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition
3	- kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and
3	- kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked
3	kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked
3	kids-cute sentimentality
3	by a warmth that is n't faked
3	a warmth that is n't faked
3	a warmth
2	that is n't faked
2	is n't faked
1	is n't
3	a stately sense of composition
3	a stately sense
3	stately sense
2	of composition
4	This is one of the year 's best films .
4	is one of the year 's best films .
4	is one of the year 's best films
4	one of the year 's best films
3	of the year 's best films
4	the year 's best films
2	the year 's
2	year 's
4	best films
3	A fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .
3	A fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family
2	fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family
4	fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat
2	fleet-footed and
3	pleasingly upbeat
2	diversion .
3	Sorvino is delightful in the central role .
4	is delightful in the central role .
3	is delightful in the central role
4	delightful in the central role
2	in the central role
2	the central role
2	central role
3	She nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
4	nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
3	glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
4	glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit
4	with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit
3	enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit
3	enthusiasm ,
3	sensuality and a conniving wit
2	sensuality and
2	a conniving wit
3	conniving wit
4	It 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do .
4	's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do .
3	's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do
4	immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do
4	immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful
3	immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and
3	immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before
3	immensely ambitious ,
3	immensely ambitious
4	different than anything that 's been done before
3	than anything that 's been done before
2	anything that 's been done before
1	that 's been done before
1	's been done before
2	been done before
2	done before
4	amazingly successful
2	in terms of what it 's trying to do
2	terms of what it 's trying to do
2	of what it 's trying to do
2	what it 's trying to do
2	it 's trying to do
2	's trying to do
2	trying to do
2	to do
4	The story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one .
2	The story , once it gets rolling ,
2	The story , once it gets rolling
2	The story ,
2	The story
2	once it gets rolling
2	it gets rolling
2	gets rolling
4	is nothing short of a great one .
4	is nothing short of a great one
4	nothing short of a great one
2	short of a great one
4	of a great one
3	a great one
3	great one
4	Great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make Gangster No. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .
3	Great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help
4	Great performances , stylish cinematography and
4	Great performances , stylish cinematography
4	Great performances ,
4	Great performances
3	stylish cinematography
2	a gritty feel help
2	gritty feel help
2	feel help
3	make Gangster No. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .
4	make Gangster No. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience
4	Gangster No. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience
2	Gangster No. 1
4	No. 1
3	a worthwhile moviegoing experience
3	worthwhile moviegoing experience
2	moviegoing experience
3	`` Mr. Deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
3	Mr. Deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
2	Mr. Deeds
3	'' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
3	is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
3	is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought
3	suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought
3	suitable summer entertainment
3	summer entertainment
2	that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought
2	offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought
3	offers escapism
2	without requiring a great deal of thought
3	requiring a great deal of thought
3	a great deal of thought
3	a great deal
3	great deal
2	of thought
3	It 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems .
3	It 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems
3	It 's an ambitious film , and
3	It 's an ambitious film ,
3	It 's an ambitious film
3	's an ambitious film
3	an ambitious film
3	ambitious film
1	as with all ambitious films , it has some problems
2	as with all ambitious films
2	with all ambitious films
2	all ambitious films
3	ambitious films
1	, it has some problems
1	it has some problems
1	has some problems
1	some problems
3	But on the whole , you 're gonna like this movie .
3	on the whole , you 're gonna like this movie .
2	on the whole
2	the whole
4	, you 're gonna like this movie .
4	you 're gonna like this movie .
4	're gonna like this movie .
3	're gonna like this movie
3	gonna like this movie
3	like this movie
2	this movie
3	Chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .
3	ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .
3	balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .
3	balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident
3	balances real-time rhythms
3	real-time rhythms
2	with propulsive incident
2	propulsive incident
4	This is an extraordinary film , not least because it is Japanese and yet feels universal .
4	is an extraordinary film , not least because it is Japanese and yet feels universal .
4	is an extraordinary film , not least because it is Japanese and yet feels universal
3	is an extraordinary film , not least
4	an extraordinary film , not least
4	an extraordinary film ,
4	an extraordinary film
4	extraordinary film
2	not least
3	because it is Japanese and yet feels universal
3	it is Japanese and yet feels universal
3	is Japanese and yet feels universal
2	is Japanese and
2	is Japanese
3	yet feels universal
3	feels universal
4	In a summer overrun with movies dominated by CGI aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
2	In a summer overrun with movies dominated by CGI aliens and super heroes
2	a summer overrun with movies dominated by CGI aliens and super heroes
3	a summer
1	overrun with movies dominated by CGI aliens and super heroes
2	with movies dominated by CGI aliens and super heroes
2	movies dominated by CGI aliens and super heroes
2	dominated by CGI aliens and super heroes
2	by CGI aliens and super heroes
2	CGI aliens and super heroes
2	CGI aliens and
2	CGI aliens
3	super heroes
4	, it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
4	it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
3	revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
4	revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
3	the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
3	mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
4	to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
3	see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
3	a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
2	a feature
3	that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
3	concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
3	on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
2	people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
2	people ,
2	a project in which the script and characters hold sway
2	a project
3	in which the script and characters hold sway
2	in which
4	the script and characters hold sway
2	the script and characters
2	the script and
2	the script
2	hold sway
3	There 's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance .
2	's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance .
2	's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance
2	's just
3	something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance
2	about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance
2	watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance
2	a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance
2	a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen
2	a squad
2	of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen
2	psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen
2	psychopathic underdogs whale
2	underdogs whale
2	the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen
2	the tar out
2	the tar
2	of unsuspecting lawmen
2	unsuspecting lawmen
3	that reaches across time and distance
3	reaches across time and distance
2	across time and distance
2	time and distance
2	time and
4	A funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a British cast to rival Gosford Park 's .
4	A funny and touching film that is gorgeously
4	A funny and touching film
4	funny and touching film
2	and touching film
4	touching film
3	that is gorgeously
3	is gorgeously
3	acted by a British cast to rival Gosford Park 's .
2	acted by a British cast to rival Gosford Park 's
2	acted by a British cast
3	by a British cast
3	a British cast
2	British cast
3	to rival Gosford Park 's
2	rival Gosford Park 's
2	Gosford Park 's
2	Park 's
3	There 's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action .
4	's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action .
4	's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action
2	's nothing
4	more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action
3	satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action
3	during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action
4	a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action
2	a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity
3	a summer
3	of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity
2	event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity
2	event movies
3	than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity
2	a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity
2	a spy thriller
2	spy thriller
2	like The Bourne Identity
2	The Bourne Identity
2	Bourne Identity
4	that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action
4	's packed with just as much intelligence as action
4	packed with just as much intelligence as action
4	packed with just as much intelligence
3	with just as much intelligence
3	just as much intelligence
2	just as much
2	as much
2	as action
2	I 'm not generally a fan of vegetables but this batch is pretty cute .
4	I 'm not generally a fan of vegetables but this batch is pretty cute
1	I 'm not generally a fan of vegetables but
1	I 'm not generally a fan of vegetables
1	'm not generally a fan of vegetables
2	'm not generally
3	'm not
2	a fan of vegetables
3	a fan
3	of vegetables
4	this batch is pretty cute
2	this batch
3	is pretty cute
3	pretty cute
2	Qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere .
3	Qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere
1	Qutting may be a flawed film , but
1	Qutting may be a flawed film ,
1	Qutting may be a flawed film
0	may be a flawed film
1	be a flawed film
0	a flawed film
1	flawed film
2	it is nothing if not sincere
3	is nothing if not sincere
1	is nothing if not
2	is nothing if
2	nothing if
4	Beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
4	crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
3	crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
3	crafted ,
4	engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
4	filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
3	that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
4	should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
3	attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
3	upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
2	upscale audiences
3	hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
3	for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
4	quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
2	quality and
3	a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
2	a nostalgic , twisty yarn
3	nostalgic , twisty yarn
3	, twisty yarn
2	twisty yarn
3	that will keep them guessing
2	will keep them guessing
3	keep them guessing
2	them guessing
4	A thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .
4	A thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause
3	A thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people ,
3	A thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people
3	A thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait
3	thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait
4	thoughtful and surprisingly affecting
3	thoughtful and
3	surprisingly affecting
2	of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people
1	a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people
1	a screwed-up man
2	screwed-up man
2	who dared to mess with some powerful people
1	dared to mess with some powerful people
2	dared to mess
2	to mess
3	with some powerful people
3	some powerful people
3	powerful people
2	seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause
3	through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause
2	the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause
2	the eyes
3	of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause
2	the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause
2	the idealistic kid
3	idealistic kid
2	who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause
2	chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause
2	to champion his ultimately losing cause
2	champion his ultimately losing cause
2	his ultimately losing cause
1	ultimately losing cause
2	losing cause
4	A cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty .
3	A cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty
2	A cultural wildcard experience :
3	A cultural wildcard experience
2	cultural wildcard experience
2	wildcard experience
2	wacky , different , unusual , even nutty
2	, different , unusual , even nutty
3	different , unusual , even nutty
3	, unusual , even nutty
2	unusual , even nutty
2	, even nutty
2	even nutty
1	Daughter From Danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .
2	From Danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .
2	From Danang
2	reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .
3	reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds
1	that efforts toward closure only open new wounds
2	efforts toward closure only open new wounds
2	efforts toward closure
2	toward closure
1	only open new wounds
2	open new wounds
2	new wounds
1	It does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .
2	does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .
3	does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain
1	does n't
2	flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain
2	flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely ,
2	flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely
2	flinch from its unsettling prognosis ,
2	flinch from its unsettling prognosis
1	from its unsettling prognosis
1	its unsettling prognosis
3	unsettling prognosis
2	that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain
2	the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain
2	the legacy of war
2	the legacy
1	of war
1	is a kind of perpetual pain
1	a kind of perpetual pain
3	a kind
2	of perpetual pain
2	perpetual pain
4	For most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
2	For most of its footage
2	most of its footage
2	of its footage
2	its footage
3	, the new thriller proves that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
4	the new thriller proves that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
2	the new thriller
2	new thriller
3	proves that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
4	proves that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo
3	that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo
3	that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and
2	that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell
3	director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell
2	director M. Night Shyamalan
2	M. Night Shyamalan
2	Night Shyamalan
2	can weave an eerie spell
2	weave an eerie spell
2	an eerie spell
2	eerie spell
3	that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo
3	Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo
2	Mel Gibson
3	can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo
3	gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo
2	gasp , shudder and even
2	gasp , shudder and
1	gasp , shudder
2	gasp ,
3	tremble without losing his machismo
2	without losing his machismo
2	losing his machismo
3	his machismo
1	This is not an easy film .
1	is not an easy film .
2	is not an easy film
1	is not
3	an easy film
3	easy film
3	But it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .
3	it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .
3	could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .
3	could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one
3	be , by its art and heart , a necessary one
2	be , by its art and heart ,
2	be , by its art and heart
2	be ,
3	by its art and heart
3	its art and heart
2	art and heart
2	art and
2	a necessary one
2	necessary one
3	A very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .
4	A very good film
4	very good film
3	very good
3	sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .
4	sits in the place where a masterpiece should be
4	in the place where a masterpiece should be
3	the place where a masterpiece should be
2	the place
3	where a masterpiece should be
2	a masterpiece should be
4	a masterpiece
2	should be
4	... spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .
4	spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .
4	spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative
3	spellbinding fun and
4	spellbinding fun
3	deliciously exploitative
2	It 's Jagger 's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite .
3	's Jagger 's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite .
2	's Jagger 's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite
3	Jagger 's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite
1	Jagger 's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery
2	Jagger 's
0	bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery
0	, mournfully brittle delivery
1	mournfully brittle delivery
2	mournfully brittle
3	that gives the film its bittersweet bite
3	gives the film its bittersweet bite
2	gives the film
2	the film
2	its bittersweet bite
3	bittersweet bite
4	Impossible as it may sound , this film 's heart is even more embracing than Monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
1	Impossible as it may sound
2	as it may sound
2	it may sound
2	may sound
3	, this film 's heart is even more embracing than Monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
3	this film 's heart is even more embracing than Monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
2	this film 's heart
2	this film 's
2	film 's
3	is even more embracing than Monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
3	is even more embracing than Monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition
3	is even more embracing than Monty ,
2	is even more embracing than Monty
2	is even more
2	even more
3	embracing than Monty
2	than Monty
1	if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition
2	only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition
2	because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition
1	it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition
2	accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition
2	nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition
2	nasty behavior and severe flaws
0	behavior and severe flaws
2	and severe flaws
0	severe flaws
2	as part of the human condition
2	part of the human condition
2	of the human condition
2	the human condition
2	human condition
4	Despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real Americans '' make this a charmer .
2	Despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme
1	the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme
1	the predictable parent
2	predictable parent
2	vs. child coming-of-age theme
2	child coming-of-age theme
3	coming-of-age theme
4	, first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real Americans '' make this a charmer .
4	first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real Americans '' make this a charmer .
3	first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real Americans ''
4	first-class , natural acting and
4	first-class , natural acting
4	, natural acting
2	natural acting
2	a look at `` the real Americans ''
2	a look
2	at `` the real Americans ''
2	at `` the real Americans
2	at ``
2	the real Americans
3	real Americans
4	make this a charmer .
3	make this a charmer
3	this a charmer
3	a charmer
3	One of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised .
3	One of the smarter offerings the horror genre
3	of the smarter offerings the horror genre
3	the smarter offerings the horror genre
3	the smarter offerings
3	smarter offerings
2	the horror genre
2	horror genre
3	has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised .
2	has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised
3	produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised
2	produced in recent memory ,
2	produced in recent memory
2	in recent memory
2	recent memory
2	even if it 's far tamer than advertised
2	if it 's far tamer than advertised
1	it 's far tamer than advertised
2	's far tamer than advertised
2	far tamer than advertised
1	far tamer
2	than advertised
4	One of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .
2	One of recent memory
2	of recent memory
2	recent memory
4	's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .
4	's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise
3	most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise
3	most thoughtful films
3	most thoughtful
3	about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise
2	art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise
2	art , ethics , and
2	art , ethics ,
2	art , ethics
2	art ,
2	the cost of moral compromise
2	the cost
3	of moral compromise
2	moral compromise
1	the film does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
2	the film
0	does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
1	does n't
3	sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
2	sustain its initial promise
3	its initial promise
2	initial promise
1	with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
1	a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
3	a jarring , new-agey tone
3	jarring , new-agey tone
2	, new-agey tone
2	new-agey tone
1	creeping into the second half
2	into the second half
2	the second half
2	second half
2	Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she 's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time .
1	Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she 's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time
2	Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or
2	Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one ,
3	Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one
1	Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get , so
3	Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get ,
3	Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get
2	Blade II
2	is as estrogen-free as movies get
2	is as estrogen-free
2	as estrogen-free
2	as movies get
2	movies get
1	you might want to leave your date behind for this one
1	might want to leave your date behind for this one
1	want to leave your date behind for this one
1	to leave your date behind for this one
1	leave your date behind for this one
2	leave your date behind
1	leave your date
2	your date
2	for this one
2	this one
2	she 's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time
2	she 's gonna
2	she 's
2	make you feel like you owe her big-time
3	you feel like you owe her big-time
2	feel like you owe her big-time
2	like you owe her big-time
2	you owe her big-time
2	owe her big-time
2	her big-time
2	The message is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another .
2	The message
2	is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another .
3	is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another
3	that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another
3	even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another
2	even the most unlikely
2	even the
2	most unlikely
2	can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another
3	link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another
3	link together
2	to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another
3	conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another
3	conquer all kinds of obstacles ,
3	conquer all kinds of obstacles
1	all kinds of obstacles
2	all kinds
3	of obstacles
2	whether they be of nature , of man or of one another
2	they be of nature , of man or of one another
2	be of nature , of man or of one another
2	of nature , of man or of one another
2	of nature
2	, of man or of one another
2	of man or of one another
2	of man or
2	of man
2	of one another
2	one another
4	Many a parent and their teen -LRB- or preteen -RRB- kid could bond while watching A Walk To Remember .
2	Many a parent and their teen -LRB- or preteen -RRB- kid
2	a parent and their teen -LRB- or preteen -RRB- kid
2	a parent and
2	a parent
2	their teen -LRB- or preteen -RRB- kid
2	their teen -LRB- or preteen -RRB-
2	their teen
2	-LRB- or preteen -RRB-
2	-LRB- or preteen
2	-LRB- or
3	could bond while watching A Walk To Remember .
2	could bond while watching A Walk To Remember
2	could bond while
2	bond while
3	watching A Walk To Remember
2	A Walk To Remember
2	Walk To Remember
3	To Remember
3	So could young romantics out on a date .
2	could young romantics out on a date .
3	could young romantics out on a date
2	young romantics out on a date
4	young romantics
2	out on a date
2	on a date
3	a date
3	All leather pants & augmented boobs , Hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon .
1	All leather pants & augmented boobs , Hawn
2	leather pants & augmented boobs , Hawn
3	leather pants &
2	leather pants
2	augmented boobs , Hawn
2	augmented boobs ,
2	augmented boobs
3	is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon .
3	is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon
4	is hilarious
2	as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon
2	she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon
2	tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon
2	to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon
2	resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon
3	the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon
2	the fun-loving libertine
4	fun-loving libertine
2	lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon
2	lost somewhere
2	inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon
2	the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon
2	conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon
2	, handbag-clutching Sarandon
2	handbag-clutching Sarandon
2	The members manage to pronounce KOK exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible .
2	The members
2	manage to pronounce KOK exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible .
2	manage to pronounce KOK exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible
2	manage to pronounce KOK exactly as you think they might ,
2	manage to pronounce KOK exactly as you think they might
2	to pronounce KOK exactly as you think they might
2	pronounce KOK exactly as you think they might
2	pronounce KOK exactly
2	pronounce KOK
2	as you think they might
2	you think they might
2	think they might
2	they might
2	thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible
2	giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible
2	giving the cast
2	the cast
2	ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible
2	opportunity to use that term as often as possible
2	to use that term as often as possible
2	use that term as often as possible
2	use that term
2	that term
2	as often as possible
2	as often
2	as possible
3	It 's very Beavis and Butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .
2	's very Beavis and Butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .
3	's very Beavis and Butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle
1	's very Beavis and Butthead , yet always
2	's very Beavis and Butthead , yet
3	's very Beavis and Butthead ,
2	's very Beavis and Butthead
2	very Beavis and Butthead
2	Beavis and Butthead
2	Beavis and
3	seems to elicit a chuckle
2	to elicit a chuckle
3	elicit a chuckle
3	a chuckle
2	While this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures , it 's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .
3	While this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures
3	this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures
2	this gentle and affecting melodrama
3	gentle and affecting melodrama
3	gentle and affecting
3	gentle and
2	will have luvvies in raptures
2	have luvvies in raptures
2	luvvies in raptures
2	in raptures
1	, it 's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .
1	it 's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .
1	's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .
1	's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience
2	far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience
1	too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience
1	slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience
3	slight and introspective
2	slight and
2	to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience
2	appeal to anything wider than a niche audience
2	appeal to anything
2	to anything
2	wider than a niche audience
2	than a niche audience
2	a niche audience
2	niche audience
3	Chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them .
4	offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them .
3	offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them
3	much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them
3	much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes ,
4	much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes
2	much colorful eye candy ,
3	much colorful eye candy
3	much colorful
2	eye candy
2	including the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes
3	the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes
3	the spectacle
2	of Gere in his dancing shoes
2	Gere in his dancing shoes
2	in his dancing shoes
2	his dancing shoes
2	dancing shoes
2	hoofing and crooning with the best of them
2	hoofing and crooning
2	hoofing and
4	with the best of them
3	the best of them
4	the best
2	of them
2	A difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of Armenians in 1915 with some difficult relationships in the present .
3	A difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of Armenians in 1915 with some difficult relationships in the present
3	A difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of Armenians
3	A difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre
3	A difficult but worthy film
3	difficult but worthy film
3	difficult but worthy
2	difficult but
1	that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre
0	bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre
1	off more than it can chew by linking the massacre
2	off more
1	than it can chew by linking the massacre
1	it can chew by linking the massacre
2	can chew by linking the massacre
2	chew by linking the massacre
2	by linking the massacre
1	linking the massacre
1	the massacre
2	of Armenians
2	in 1915 with some difficult relationships in the present
2	1915 with some difficult relationships in the present
2	with some difficult relationships in the present
2	some difficult relationships in the present
1	some difficult relationships
2	difficult relationships
3	in the present
2	the present
3	By and large this is Mr. Kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since The Doors .
3	By and large this is Mr. Kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since The Doors
2	By and large this is Mr. Kilmer 's movie , and
2	By and large this is Mr. Kilmer 's movie ,
2	By and large this is Mr. Kilmer 's movie
2	By and large
2	By and
2	this is Mr. Kilmer 's movie
2	is Mr. Kilmer 's movie
2	Mr. Kilmer 's movie
2	Mr. Kilmer 's
2	Kilmer 's
4	it 's his strongest performance since The Doors
3	's his strongest performance since The Doors
4	his strongest performance since The Doors
3	his strongest performance
3	strongest performance
2	since The Doors
2	The Doors
3	Some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` Saving Private Ryan '' have been recreated by John Woo in this little-known story of Native Americans and their role in the second great war .
4	Some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` Saving Private Ryan ''
3	of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` Saving Private Ryan ''
3	the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` Saving Private Ryan ''
3	the most ravaging ,
2	the most ravaging
3	most ravaging
3	gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` Saving Private Ryan ''
2	gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes
1	, frightening war scenes
1	frightening war scenes
2	war scenes
2	since `` Saving Private Ryan ''
2	since `` Saving Private Ryan
2	since ``
2	Saving Private Ryan
2	Private Ryan
2	have been recreated by John Woo in this little-known story of Native Americans and their role in the second great war .
2	have been recreated by John Woo in this little-known story of Native Americans and their role in the second great war
2	been recreated by John Woo in this little-known story of Native Americans and their role in the second great war
2	recreated by John Woo in this little-known story of Native Americans and their role in the second great war
3	by John Woo in this little-known story of Native Americans and their role in the second great war
2	John Woo in this little-known story of Native Americans and their role in the second great war
2	John Woo
2	in this little-known story of Native Americans and their role in the second great war
2	this little-known story of Native Americans and their role in the second great war
3	this little-known story of Native Americans and
2	this little-known story of Native Americans
2	this little-known story
2	little-known story
2	of Native Americans
2	Native Americans
2	their role in the second great war
2	their role
2	in the second great war
2	the second great war
2	second great war
2	great war
3	A charming but slight comedy .
3	A charming but slight comedy
3	charming but slight comedy
3	charming but slight
2	charming but
3	Henry Bean 's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
3	Henry Bean 's thoughtful screenplay
2	Henry Bean 's
2	Bean 's
3	thoughtful screenplay
3	provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
2	provides no easy answers , but
2	provides no easy answers ,
2	provides no easy answers
2	no easy answers
2	easy answers
3	offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
3	a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
3	a compelling investigation
3	compelling investigation
2	of faith versus intellect
2	faith versus intellect
2	versus intellect
3	A great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .
3	A great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback
4	A great cast and
3	A great cast
3	great cast
2	a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback
3	wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback
3	wonderful but sometimes confusing
3	wonderful but
1	sometimes confusing
2	movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .
2	movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family
2	about growing up in a dysfunctional family
2	growing up in a dysfunctional family
2	growing up
1	in a dysfunctional family
2	a dysfunctional family
2	dysfunctional family
3	Playing a role of almost Bergmanesque intensity ... Bisset is both convincing and radiant .
3	Playing a role of almost Bergmanesque intensity ... Bisset is both convincing and radiant
3	Playing a role of almost Bergmanesque intensity ...
3	Playing a role of almost Bergmanesque intensity
3	a role of almost Bergmanesque intensity
2	a role
3	of almost Bergmanesque intensity
1	almost Bergmanesque intensity
2	Bergmanesque intensity
4	Bisset is both convincing and radiant
4	is both convincing and radiant
3	both convincing and radiant
3	convincing and radiant
2	convincing and
4	A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : It gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .
4	A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : It gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
4	A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible :
4	A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible
3	A smart , provocative drama
4	smart , provocative drama
3	, provocative drama
4	provocative drama
3	that does the nearly impossible
4	does the nearly impossible
2	the nearly impossible
2	the nearly
2	It gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
1	gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
1	under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
2	the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
2	the skin
1	of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
2	a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
2	a man
1	we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
2	only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
1	know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
1	as an evil , monstrous lunatic
1	an evil , monstrous lunatic
1	evil , monstrous lunatic
2	, monstrous lunatic
2	monstrous lunatic
3	An alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .
2	An alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary
3	alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary
3	alternately fascinating and frustrating
2	fascinating and frustrating
4	fascinating and
4	Griffin & Co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous .
2	Griffin & Co.
2	Griffin &
3	manage to be spectacularly outrageous .
3	manage to be spectacularly outrageous
3	to be spectacularly outrageous
4	be spectacularly outrageous
3	spectacularly outrageous
4	Nair 's cast is so large it 's Altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .
3	Nair 's cast is so large it 's Altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion
2	Nair 's cast is so large it 's Altman-esque , but
2	Nair 's cast is so large it 's Altman-esque ,
3	Nair 's cast is so large it 's Altman-esque
2	Nair 's cast
2	Nair 's
2	is so large it 's Altman-esque
2	so large it 's Altman-esque
2	large it 's Altman-esque
2	it 's Altman-esque
2	's Altman-esque
4	she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion
4	deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion
4	spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion
3	the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion
2	the multiple stories
2	multiple stories
3	in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion
4	a vibrant and intoxicating fashion
3	vibrant and intoxicating fashion
4	vibrant and intoxicating
3	vibrant and
2	The movie plays up the cartoon 's more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength .
2	The movie
3	plays up the cartoon 's more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength .
1	plays up the cartoon 's more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength
3	plays up the cartoon 's more obvious strength of snazziness
2	plays up
3	the cartoon 's more obvious strength of snazziness
3	the cartoon 's more obvious strength
2	the cartoon 's
3	cartoon 's
2	more obvious strength
2	more obvious
2	of snazziness
2	while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength
1	neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength
2	its less conspicuous writing strength
1	less conspicuous writing strength
2	less conspicuous
3	writing strength
3	Poignant Japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak .
2	Poignant Japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak
3	Poignant Japanese epic
3	Japanese epic
2	about adolescent anomie and heartbreak
2	adolescent anomie and heartbreak
1	anomie and heartbreak
2	anomie and
3	We 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director Hoffman , with great help from Kevin Kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher .
3	We 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director Hoffman , with great help from Kevin Kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher
2	We 've seen it all before in one form or another , but
1	We 've seen it all before in one form or another ,
1	We 've seen it all before in one form or another
2	've seen it all before in one form or another
1	seen it all before in one form or another
2	seen it
2	all before in one form or another
2	before in one form or another
2	in one form or another
2	one form or another
2	one form or
2	one form
3	director Hoffman , with great help from Kevin Kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher
3	director Hoffman , with great help from Kevin Kline ,
3	director Hoffman , with great help from Kevin Kline
2	director Hoffman ,
2	director Hoffman
4	with great help from Kevin Kline
3	great help from Kevin Kline
3	great help
2	from Kevin Kline
2	Kevin Kline
2	makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher
3	us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher
2	care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher
3	about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher
2	this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher
2	this latest reincarnation
2	latest reincarnation
3	of the world 's greatest teacher
3	the world 's greatest teacher
2	the world 's
2	world 's
3	greatest teacher
2	Secretary is not a movie about fetishism .
2	is not a movie about fetishism .
2	is not a movie about fetishism
1	is not
2	a movie about fetishism
2	a movie
2	about fetishism
2	It is a movie about passion .
3	is a movie about passion .
2	is a movie about passion
2	a movie about passion
2	a movie
3	about passion
3	Even though it 's common knowledge that Park and his founding partner , Yong Kang , lost Kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .
2	Even though it 's common knowledge that Park and his founding partner , Yong Kang , lost Kozmo in the end
2	though it 's common knowledge that Park and his founding partner , Yong Kang , lost Kozmo in the end
3	it 's common knowledge that Park and his founding partner , Yong Kang , lost Kozmo in the end
2	's common knowledge that Park and his founding partner , Yong Kang , lost Kozmo in the end
2	's common knowledge
2	common knowledge
2	that Park and his founding partner , Yong Kang , lost Kozmo in the end
2	Park and his founding partner , Yong Kang , lost Kozmo in the end
2	Park and his founding partner , Yong Kang ,
2	Park and
2	his founding partner , Yong Kang ,
2	his founding partner , Yong Kang
2	his founding partner ,
2	his founding partner
2	founding partner
3	Yong Kang
2	lost Kozmo in the end
2	Kozmo in the end
2	in the end
2	the end
4	, you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .
3	you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .
3	ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .
3	ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth
2	ca n't help but
2	ca n't help
2	ca n't
3	get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth
2	caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth
2	caught up
3	in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth
3	the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth
3	the thrill
3	of the company 's astonishing growth
3	the company 's astonishing growth
2	the company 's
2	company 's
4	astonishing growth
3	Although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
1	Although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness
2	some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness
2	some viewers
1	will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness
2	will not
2	be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness
2	able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness
2	to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness
1	stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness
1	so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness
2	so much tongue-in-cheek
2	much tongue-in-cheek
4	, those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
3	those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
3	those who do
2	who do
4	will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
4	will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime
3	have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime
4	found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime
4	found a cult favorite
3	a cult favorite
3	cult favorite
4	to enjoy for a lifetime
3	enjoy for a lifetime
2	for a lifetime
3	a lifetime
4	What could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
3	could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
3	could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking
3	have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking
4	easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking
4	become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking
2	become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds
2	become a cold , calculated exercise
1	a cold , calculated exercise
1	cold , calculated exercise
2	, calculated exercise
2	calculated exercise
2	in postmodern pastiche winds
2	postmodern pastiche winds
2	pastiche winds
3	up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking
4	a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking
3	a powerful and deeply moving example
4	powerful and deeply moving example
4	powerful and deeply moving
3	powerful and
3	deeply moving
2	of melodramatic moviemaking
2	melodramatic moviemaking
4	A delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional .
4	A delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
4	A delightful surprise
3	delightful surprise
4	because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
4	despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
3	despite all the backstage drama
2	all the backstage drama
2	the backstage drama
2	backstage drama
4	, this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
3	this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
3	is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
4	a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
2	a movie
3	that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
4	tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
2	tells stories
4	that work -- is charming , is moving
3	work -- is charming , is moving
3	work -- is charming ,
3	work -- is charming
2	work --
4	is charming
3	is moving
3	, is funny and looks professional .
3	is funny and looks professional .
4	is funny and looks professional
3	is funny and
3	is funny
2	looks professional
4	The IMAX screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .
2	The IMAX screen
2	IMAX screen
3	enhances the personal touch of manual animation .
3	enhances the personal touch of manual animation
3	the personal touch of manual animation
2	the personal touch
2	personal touch
2	of manual animation
2	manual animation
3	Does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .
3	Does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and
2	Does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war
4	an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war
4	an impressive job
4	impressive job
2	of relating the complicated history of the war
2	relating the complicated history of the war
2	the complicated history of the war
2	the complicated history
2	complicated history
1	of the war
2	the war
2	of filling in the background .
2	of filling in the background
2	filling in the background
2	in the background
2	the background
4	It 's all about Anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .
4	's all about Anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .
4	's all about Anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect
4	all about Anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect
2	all about Anakin ... and
2	all about Anakin ...
2	all about Anakin
2	about Anakin
4	the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect
3	the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course ,
3	the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and
4	the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity
3	the lustrous polished visuals
3	lustrous polished visuals
3	lustrous polished
3	rich in color and creativity
2	in color and creativity
3	color and creativity
2	color and
2	, of course ,
2	of course ,
2	of course
3	special effect
0	Lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .
0	Lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience
1	Lacks the inspiration of the original and
1	Lacks the inspiration of the original
3	the inspiration of the original
3	the inspiration
2	of the original
3	the original
0	has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience
1	has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes
0	a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes
1	a bloated plot
1	bloated plot
1	that stretches the running time about 10 minutes
2	stretches the running time about 10 minutes
2	stretches the running time
2	the running time
2	running time
2	about 10 minutes
2	about 10
1	past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience
1	a child 's interest and an adult 's patience
3	a child 's interest and
2	a child 's interest
2	a child 's
2	child 's
2	an adult 's patience
2	an adult 's
2	adult 's
3	But it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .
3	it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .
3	also has many of the things that made the first one charming .
3	has many of the things that made the first one charming .
3	has many of the things that made the first one charming
3	many of the things that made the first one charming
2	of the things that made the first one charming
3	the things that made the first one charming
2	the things
2	that made the first one charming
3	made the first one charming
3	the first one charming
2	the first one
2	first one
4	It 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .
4	's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .
4	's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot
4	funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot
4	, touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot
4	touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot
3	, dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot
4	dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot
3	dramatically forceful
3	, and beautifully shot
3	, and
4	beautifully shot
3	Its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .
3	Its rawness and vitality
2	Its rawness and
2	Its rawness
4	give it considerable punch .
3	give it considerable punch
2	give it
3	considerable punch
4	A live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .
3	A live-wire film that
4	A live-wire film
3	live-wire film
4	never loses its ability to shock and amaze .
1	loses its ability to shock and amaze .
1	loses its ability to shock and amaze
3	its ability to shock and amaze
4	ability to shock and amaze
3	to shock and amaze
3	shock and amaze
2	shock and
4	The year 's greatest adventure , and Jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .
4	The year 's greatest adventure , and Jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate
3	The year 's greatest adventure , and Jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation
4	The year 's greatest adventure , and
4	The year 's greatest adventure ,
4	The year 's greatest adventure
2	The year 's
2	year 's
4	greatest adventure
2	Jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation
3	Jackson 's
2	limited but enthusiastic adaptation
3	limited but enthusiastic
2	limited but
4	has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate
3	made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate
2	made literature literal without killing its soul --
3	made literature literal without killing its soul
2	made literature literal
2	literature literal
2	without killing its soul
1	killing its soul
3	its soul
4	a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate
3	a feat
3	any thinking person is bound to appreciate
2	any thinking person
2	thinking person
3	is bound to appreciate
2	bound to appreciate
2	to appreciate
3	It 's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
4	's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
4	's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
3	fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
3	fairly solid -- not to mention
2	fairly solid --
3	fairly solid
2	not to mention
2	not to
4	well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
3	edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
3	so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
1	that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
3	it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
1	certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
1	does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
1	does n't
2	feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
1	like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
2	a film that strays past the two and a half mark
2	a film
2	that strays past the two and a half mark
1	strays past the two and a half mark
2	past the two and a half mark
2	the two and a half mark
3	the two and
2	the two
2	a half mark
2	half mark
4	Brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .
3	Brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life
3	Brims with passion :
3	Brims with passion
3	with passion
3	for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life
2	for words
3	, for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life
2	for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life
2	for its eccentric , accident-prone characters
2	its eccentric , accident-prone characters
1	eccentric , accident-prone characters
2	, accident-prone characters
2	accident-prone characters
2	, and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life
3	, and
2	for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life
3	the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life
2	the crazy things
2	crazy things
2	that keep people going in this crazy life
3	keep people going in this crazy life
2	people going in this crazy life
2	going in this crazy life
2	in this crazy life
3	this crazy life
2	crazy life
3	It 's secondary to American Psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
3	's secondary to American Psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
3	's secondary to American Psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours
2	's secondary to American Psycho but still
2	's secondary to American Psycho but
2	's secondary to American Psycho
2	secondary to American Psycho
2	to American Psycho
2	American Psycho
3	has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours
2	has claws enough
2	claws enough
3	to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours
2	get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours
2	get inside you and
3	get inside you
2	inside you
2	stay there for a couple of hours
2	stay there
2	for a couple of hours
2	a couple of hours
2	a couple
2	of hours
3	The Hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .
3	The Hours , a delicately crafted film ,
3	The Hours , a delicately crafted film
2	The Hours ,
2	The Hours
3	a delicately crafted film
3	delicately crafted film
3	crafted film
3	is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .
3	is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame
3	an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame
4	an impressive achievement
4	impressive achievement
2	in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame
2	spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame
3	of a river of sadness that pours into every frame
3	a river of sadness that pours into every frame
2	a river
2	of sadness that pours into every frame
2	sadness that pours into every frame
3	that pours into every frame
2	pours into every frame
2	into every frame
2	every frame
4	Fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing .
3	Fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing
2	Fudges fact and fancy with such confidence
3	fact and fancy with such confidence
2	fact and fancy
2	fact and
3	with such confidence
3	such confidence
3	that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing
4	we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing
4	feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing
4	as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing
3	if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing
4	we 're seeing something purer than the real thing
2	're seeing something purer than the real thing
3	seeing something purer than the real thing
2	seeing something purer
3	something purer
3	than the real thing
3	the real thing
2	real thing
3	This is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive .
4	is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive .
4	is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive
4	unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive
3	unusual , food-for-thought cinema
3	, food-for-thought cinema
3	food-for-thought cinema
4	that 's as entertaining as it is instructive
4	's as entertaining as it is instructive
3	's as entertaining
2	as entertaining
3	as it is instructive
3	it is instructive
3	is instructive
3	With an expressive face reminiscent of Gong Li and a vivid personality like Zhang Ziyi 's , Dong stakes out the emotional heart of Happy .
3	With an expressive face reminiscent of Gong Li and a vivid personality like Zhang Ziyi 's
2	an expressive face reminiscent of Gong Li and a vivid personality like Zhang Ziyi 's
2	an expressive face
2	expressive face
2	reminiscent of Gong Li and a vivid personality like Zhang Ziyi 's
3	reminiscent of Gong Li and a vivid personality
2	of Gong Li and a vivid personality
3	Gong Li and a vivid personality
2	Gong Li and
2	Gong Li
3	a vivid personality
3	vivid personality
2	like Zhang Ziyi 's
2	Zhang Ziyi 's
2	Ziyi 's
3	, Dong stakes out the emotional heart of Happy .
3	Dong stakes out the emotional heart of Happy .
3	stakes out the emotional heart of Happy .
4	stakes out the emotional heart of Happy
2	stakes out
3	the emotional heart of Happy
3	the emotional heart
3	emotional heart
3	of Happy
3	Nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : He is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction .
3	Nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : He is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
2	Nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible :
3	Nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible
2	Nohe 's documentary about the event
2	Nohe 's documentary
2	Nohe 's
2	about the event
2	the event
3	is sympathetic without being gullible
3	sympathetic without being gullible
2	without being gullible
1	being gullible
3	He is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
4	is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
2	is n't blind to the silliness , but
2	is n't blind to the silliness ,
2	is n't blind to the silliness
1	is n't
1	blind to the silliness
2	to the silliness
3	the silliness
3	also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
3	captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
3	moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
3	of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
3	spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
3	spontaneous creativity and
3	spontaneous creativity
2	authentic co-operative interaction
2	co-operative interaction
2	It may not be as cutting , as witty or as true as back in the glory days of Weekend and Two or Three Things I Know About Her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process ?
3	may not be as cutting , as witty or as true as back in the glory days of Weekend and Two or Three Things I Know About Her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process ?
2	may not be as cutting , as witty or as true as back in the glory days of Weekend and Two or Three Things I Know About Her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process
1	may not
2	be as cutting , as witty or as true as back in the glory days of Weekend and Two or Three Things I Know About Her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process
2	be as cutting , as witty or as true as back in the glory days of Weekend and Two or Three Things
3	be as cutting , as witty or as true as back
3	as cutting , as witty or as true as back
2	as cutting , as witty or as true
3	as cutting , as witty or
3	as cutting , as witty
2	as cutting ,
2	as cutting
3	as witty
2	as true
2	as back
2	in the glory days of Weekend and Two or Three Things
3	the glory days of Weekend and Two or Three Things
2	the glory days of Weekend and
2	the glory days of Weekend
2	the glory days
3	glory days
2	of Weekend
2	Two or Three Things
2	Two or
2	Three Things
1	I Know About Her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process
2	I Know About Her , but
2	I Know About Her ,
2	I Know About Her
2	Know About Her
2	About Her
2	who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process
2	else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process
2	engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process
2	in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process
2	filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process
2	today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process
3	is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process
3	so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process
2	cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process
2	of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process
2	the cultural and moral issues involved in the process
2	the cultural and moral issues
2	cultural and moral issues
2	cultural and moral
2	cultural and
2	involved in the process
2	in the process
2	the process
4	Secret Ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .
2	Secret Ballot
4	is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .
3	is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving
4	a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving
4	a funny , puzzling movie
3	funny , puzzling movie
2	funny , puzzling
2	, puzzling
3	ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving
3	ambiguous enough to be engaging and
3	ambiguous enough to be engaging
2	ambiguous enough
3	to be engaging
3	be engaging
3	oddly moving
3	Although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , Dogtown and Z-Boys has a compelling story to tell .
1	Although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants
1	devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants
2	devoid of objectivity and
2	devoid of objectivity
2	of objectivity
2	full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants
3	of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants
3	nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants
3	nostalgic comments
2	from the now middle-aged participants
2	the now middle-aged participants
2	now middle-aged participants
2	middle-aged participants
3	, Dogtown and Z-Boys has a compelling story to tell .
3	Dogtown and Z-Boys has a compelling story to tell .
2	Dogtown and Z-Boys
2	Dogtown and
4	has a compelling story to tell .
3	has a compelling story to tell
3	a compelling story to tell
4	compelling story to tell
2	story to tell
2	to tell
2	It 's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments and it did n't entirely grab me , but there 's stuff here to like .
2	It 's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments and it did n't entirely grab me , but there 's stuff here to like
1	It 's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments and it did n't entirely grab me , but
1	It 's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments and it did n't entirely grab me ,
1	It 's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments and it did n't entirely grab me
1	It 's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments and
1	It 's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments
1	's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments
1	got some pretentious eye-rolling moments
1	some pretentious eye-rolling moments
1	pretentious eye-rolling moments
1	eye-rolling moments
1	it did n't entirely grab me
1	did n't entirely grab me
2	did n't entirely
2	did n't
3	grab me
3	there 's stuff here to like
3	's stuff here to like
2	's stuff here
3	's stuff
3	to like
4	Birthday Girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .
2	Birthday Girl
3	walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .
1	walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked
3	a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked
2	a tricky tightrope
2	tricky tightrope
3	between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked
3	being wickedly funny and just plain wicked
3	wickedly funny and just plain wicked
3	wickedly funny and
4	wickedly funny
2	just plain wicked
2	plain wicked
4	The enjoyable Undercover Brother , a zany mix of Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .
3	The enjoyable Undercover Brother , a zany mix of Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild ,
4	The enjoyable Undercover Brother , a zany mix of Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild
3	The enjoyable Undercover Brother ,
3	The enjoyable Undercover Brother
3	enjoyable Undercover Brother
2	Undercover Brother
3	a zany mix of Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild
3	a zany mix of Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy
3	a zany mix
3	zany mix
2	of Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy
3	Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy
2	Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation films and
2	Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation films
2	Saturday Night Live-style parody ,
2	Saturday Night Live-style parody
2	Night Live-style parody
2	Live-style parody
2	'70s Blaxploitation films
2	Blaxploitation films
3	goofball action comedy
2	action comedy
2	gone wild
4	dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .
4	dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy
2	dishes out
4	a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy
3	a ton of laughs
2	a ton
3	of laughs
3	that everyone can enjoy
3	everyone can enjoy
3	can enjoy
4	Brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness .
4	Brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness
4	an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness
4	an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and
4	an irresistible blend of warmth and humor
4	an irresistible blend
4	irresistible blend
4	of warmth and humor
3	warmth and humor
3	warmth and
2	a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness
3	a consistent embracing humanity
3	consistent embracing humanity
2	consistent embracing
2	in the face of life 's harshness
2	the face of life 's harshness
2	the face
2	of life 's harshness
1	life 's harshness
2	life 's
3	Jackson is always watchable .
4	is always watchable .
3	is always watchable
2	is always
2	To the degree that ivans xtc .
2	To the degree
2	the degree
2	that ivans xtc .
2	ivans xtc .
2	ivans xtc
3	works , it 's thanks to Huston 's revelatory performance .
4	, it 's thanks to Huston 's revelatory performance .
3	it 's thanks to Huston 's revelatory performance .
3	's thanks to Huston 's revelatory performance .
3	's thanks to Huston 's revelatory performance
3	thanks to Huston 's revelatory performance
4	to Huston 's revelatory performance
3	Huston 's revelatory performance
2	Huston 's
3	revelatory performance
3	A wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .
3	A wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs
3	A wild ride
3	wild ride
3	of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs
3	a movie that keeps throwing fastballs
2	a movie
2	that keeps throwing fastballs
3	keeps throwing fastballs
2	throwing fastballs
3	Confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from King Hunk .
4	is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from King Hunk .
4	is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from King Hunk
2	is without a doubt
2	without a doubt
1	a doubt
4	a memorable directorial debut from King Hunk
4	a memorable directorial debut
3	memorable directorial debut
2	directorial debut
2	from King Hunk
2	King Hunk
2	Weird , vulgar comedy that 's definitely an acquired taste .
1	Weird , vulgar comedy that 's definitely an acquired taste
1	Weird ,
3	vulgar comedy that 's definitely an acquired taste
2	vulgar comedy
2	that 's definitely an acquired taste
2	's definitely an acquired taste
2	's definitely
2	an acquired taste
2	acquired taste
2	A. . .
2	A. .
2	cynical and serious look at teenage boys doing what they do best - being teenagers .
2	cynical and serious
2	cynical and
3	look at teenage boys doing what they do best - being teenagers .
2	look at teenage boys doing what they do best - being teenagers
2	look at teenage boys
2	at teenage boys
2	teenage boys
2	doing what they do best - being teenagers
2	what they do best - being teenagers
3	they do best - being teenagers
2	do best - being teenagers
3	do best -
2	do best
2	being teenagers
3	The film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .
2	The film
3	is a very good viewing alternative for young women .
4	is a very good viewing alternative for young women
3	a very good viewing alternative for young women
3	a very good viewing alternative
3	very good viewing alternative
3	very good
2	viewing alternative
2	for young women
2	young women
4	Australian filmmaker David Flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
2	Australian filmmaker David Flatman
2	filmmaker David Flatman
2	David Flatman
4	uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
3	uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
3	the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
3	huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
3	format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
3	to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
3	make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
4	an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
2	an old-fashioned nature film
2	old-fashioned nature film
2	nature film
3	that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
4	educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
3	educates viewers with words and pictures
3	educates viewers
2	with words and pictures
2	words and pictures
3	words and
2	while entertaining them
2	entertaining them
4	A dazzling dream of a documentary .
4	A dazzling dream of a documentary
4	A dazzling dream
3	dazzling dream
2	of a documentary
2	a documentary
3	A keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters .
3	A keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters
2	A keep - 'em -
2	A keep - 'em
3	keep - 'em
2	keep -
3	guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters
3	guessing plot and an affectionate
3	guessing plot and
2	guessing plot
3	an affectionate
2	take on its screwed-up characters
2	on its screwed-up characters
1	its screwed-up characters
1	screwed-up characters
3	Brave and sweetly rendered love story .
4	Brave and sweetly
3	Brave and
2	rendered love story .
2	rendered love story
2	love story
3	The film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .
2	The film
3	proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .
1	proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing
3	unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing
1	unrelentingly grim -- and
1	unrelentingly grim --
1	unrelentingly grim
3	equally engrossing
3	A hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .
3	A hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look
3	A hallmark film
4	hallmark film
3	in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look
3	in an increasingly important film industry and
2	in an increasingly important film industry
3	an increasingly important film industry
4	increasingly important film industry
2	increasingly important
2	film industry
3	worth the look
2	the look
3	The Last Kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact .
4	The Last Kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact
1	The Last Kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding , but
2	The Last Kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding ,
1	The Last Kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding
3	The Last Kiss
2	Last Kiss
1	will probably never achieve the popularity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding
3	will probably
1	never achieve the popularity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding
3	achieve the popularity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding
2	the popularity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding
2	the popularity
2	of My Big Fat Greek Wedding
2	My Big Fat Greek Wedding
2	Big Fat Greek Wedding
2	Fat Greek Wedding
2	Greek Wedding
3	its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact
2	its provocative central wedding sequence
3	provocative central wedding sequence
2	central wedding sequence
3	wedding sequence
2	has far more impact
3	far more impact
2	far more
3	If you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .
2	If you like blood
2	you like blood
2	like blood
3	, guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .
3	guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .
2	guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster
2	guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ...
2	guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though
2	guts and crazy beasts
1	guts and
2	crazy beasts
2	stalking men with guns though
2	stalking men with guns
1	men with guns
2	with guns
3	you will likely enjoy this monster
3	will likely enjoy this monster
3	will likely
2	enjoy this monster
2	this monster
3	The difference between Cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited .
2	The difference between Cho and most comics
2	The difference
2	between Cho and most comics
2	Cho and most comics
2	Cho and
2	most comics
3	is that her confidence in her material is merited .
3	is that her confidence in her material is merited
2	that her confidence in her material is merited
4	her confidence in her material is merited
3	her confidence in her material
2	her confidence
2	in her material
2	her material
3	is merited
3	Sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .
2	Sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people
1	Sad to say --
1	Sad to say
2	to say
1	it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people
3	accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people
2	reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people
1	the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people
2	the rage and alienation
1	rage and alienation
2	rage and
1	that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people
1	fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people
1	the self-destructiveness of many young people
1	the self-destructiveness
2	of many young people
2	many young people
2	young people
3	There is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
3	is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
3	is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
4	a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
3	a strong directorial stamp
3	strong directorial stamp
2	directorial stamp
4	on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
3	every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
2	every frame
3	of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
4	this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
3	this stylish film
3	stylish film
3	that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
2	is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
2	is able to visualize schizophrenia but
3	is able to visualize schizophrenia
2	able to visualize schizophrenia
2	to visualize schizophrenia
1	visualize schizophrenia
2	is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
2	is still
3	confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
3	confident enough
2	to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
2	step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
2	step back and
2	step back
2	look at the sick character with a sane eye
2	at the sick character with a sane eye
2	the sick character with a sane eye
1	the sick character
1	sick character
2	with a sane eye
2	a sane eye
2	sane eye
4	` Anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '
4	Anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '
2	Anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex ,
2	with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex ,
3	a passion for cinema , and indeed sex ,
2	a passion
2	for cinema , and indeed sex ,
2	cinema , and indeed sex ,
2	cinema , and indeed sex
2	cinema , and indeed
2	cinema , and
2	cinema ,
4	should see it as soon as possible . '
4	should see it as soon as possible .
4	should see it as soon as possible
4	see it as soon as possible
3	see it
2	as soon as possible
2	as soon
2	as possible
3	Seeks to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-Shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil .
2	to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-Shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil .
2	to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-Shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil
4	transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-Shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil
3	transcend its genre
2	its genre
3	with a curiously stylized , quasi-Shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil
3	a curiously stylized , quasi-Shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil
2	a curiously stylized , quasi-Shakespearean portrait
2	curiously stylized , quasi-Shakespearean portrait
3	curiously stylized
2	, quasi-Shakespearean portrait
2	quasi-Shakespearean portrait
1	of pure misogynist evil
1	pure misogynist evil
1	misogynist evil
3	Mordantly funny and intimately knowing ...
3	Mordantly funny and intimately knowing
3	Mordantly funny and
3	Mordantly funny
2	intimately knowing
3	What makes the movie special is its utter sincerity .
4	What makes the movie special
3	makes the movie special
2	the movie special
3	movie special
3	is its utter sincerity .
4	is its utter sincerity
3	its utter sincerity
3	utter sincerity
3	Fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd .
4	Fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd
3	Fast and funny ,
3	Fast and funny
2	Fast and
3	an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd
2	an action cartoon
2	action cartoon
3	that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd
3	's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd
3	's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary
3	suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary
3	suspenseful enough for older kids but not
3	suspenseful enough for older kids but
2	suspenseful enough for older kids
3	suspenseful enough
2	for older kids
2	older kids
2	too scary
2	for the school-age crowd
2	the school-age crowd
2	school-age crowd
3	One of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace .
3	One of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace
4	of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace
4	those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace
2	those rare films
2	rare films
4	that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace
3	come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace
2	come by once in a while
2	come by once
2	by once
2	in a while
2	a while
4	with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace
4	flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace
3	flawless amounts
2	of acting , direction , story and pace
2	acting , direction , story and pace
2	, direction , story and pace
2	direction , story and pace
2	, story and pace
3	story and pace
2	story and
4	The AAA of action , XXX is a blast of adrenalin , rated EEE for excitement .
3	The AAA of action
2	The AAA
2	of action
4	, XXX is a blast of adrenalin , rated EEE for excitement .
3	, XXX is a blast of adrenalin ,
3	XXX is a blast of adrenalin ,
4	XXX is a blast of adrenalin
2	is a blast of adrenalin
3	a blast of adrenalin
3	a blast
2	of adrenalin
4	rated EEE for excitement .
4	rated EEE for excitement
3	EEE for excitement
3	for excitement
3	And Vin Diesel is the man .
4	Vin Diesel is the man .
2	Vin Diesel
2	is the man .
2	is the man
3	the man
3	Earnest , unsubtle and Hollywood-predictable , Green Dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese .
1	Earnest , unsubtle and Hollywood-predictable
0	, unsubtle and Hollywood-predictable
2	unsubtle and Hollywood-predictable
1	unsubtle and
4	, Green Dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese .
3	Green Dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese .
2	Green Dragon
3	is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese .
3	is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese
2	is still
4	a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese
3	deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese
3	deeply moving
3	effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese
3	to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese
3	put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese
2	put a human face
2	a human face
2	human face
2	on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese
2	the travail of thousands of Vietnamese
2	the travail
2	of thousands of Vietnamese
2	thousands of Vietnamese
2	of Vietnamese
4	An ambitious movie that , like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off .
4	An ambitious movie that , like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off
3	An ambitious movie that , like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough
3	An ambitious movie
3	ambitious movie
3	that , like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough
3	, like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough
3	like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough
2	like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight
2	Shiner 's organizing of the big fight
2	Shiner 's organizing
2	Shiner 's
2	of the big fight
2	the big fight
2	big fight
2	, pulls off enough
3	pulls off enough
2	off enough
2	of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off
2	its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off
2	effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off
3	to make up for the ones that do n't come off
2	make up for the ones that do n't come off
2	make up
3	for the ones that do n't come off
2	the ones that do n't come off
2	the ones
2	that do n't come off
1	do n't come off
2	do n't
2	come off
2	Nair and writer Laura Cahill dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .
2	Nair and writer Laura Cahill
2	Nair and
2	writer Laura Cahill
2	Laura Cahill
3	dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .
3	dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life
3	to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life
2	build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life
2	build a movie
2	a movie
3	around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life
2	some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life
1	some flawed but rather unexceptional women ,
1	some flawed but rather unexceptional women
1	flawed but rather unexceptional women
0	flawed but rather unexceptional
2	flawed but rather
2	but rather
2	emerging with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life
3	with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life
3	a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life
3	a fine character study
3	fine character study
2	character study
3	that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life
3	's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life
3	short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life
1	short on plot but
1	short on plot
2	on plot
4	rich in the tiny revelations of real life
2	in the tiny revelations of real life
3	the tiny revelations of real life
2	the tiny revelations
2	tiny revelations
2	of real life
2	real life
3	The film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths .
2	The film 's unhurried pace
2	The film 's
2	film 's
2	unhurried pace
3	is actually one of its strengths .
3	is actually one of its strengths
3	is actually
3	one of its strengths
2	of its strengths
3	its strengths
3	Entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
3	appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
3	, the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
2	the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
2	the tale
2	unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
4	unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn
2	unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and
2	unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon
3	like a lazy summer afternoon
2	a lazy summer afternoon
2	lazy summer afternoon
2	summer afternoon
3	concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn
3	with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn
3	the crisp clarity of a fall dawn
3	the crisp clarity
3	crisp clarity
2	of a fall dawn
2	a fall dawn
2	fall dawn
4	Despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
1	Despite its floating narrative
3	its floating narrative
3	floating narrative
4	, this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
3	this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
4	is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
4	is a remarkably accessible and haunting film
4	a remarkably accessible and haunting film
4	remarkably accessible and haunting film
3	remarkably accessible and haunting
2	accessible and haunting
3	accessible and
4	Vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , Metropolis is a feast for the eyes .
4	Vibrantly colored and beautifully designed
3	Vibrantly colored and
4	Vibrantly colored
4	beautifully designed
4	, Metropolis is a feast for the eyes .
4	Metropolis is a feast for the eyes .
4	is a feast for the eyes .
4	is a feast for the eyes
3	a feast for the eyes
3	a feast
2	for the eyes
2	the eyes
4	Sweetly sexy , funny and touching .
3	sexy , funny and touching .
4	sexy , funny and touching
4	, funny and touching
4	funny and touching
3	funny and
1	... while Dark Water is n't a complete wash -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , watched side-by-side with Ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
1	while Dark Water is n't a complete wash -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , watched side-by-side with Ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
2	while Dark Water is n't a complete wash -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , watched side-by-side with Ringu
2	Dark Water is n't a complete wash -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , watched side-by-side with Ringu
2	Dark Water
2	is n't a complete wash -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , watched side-by-side with Ringu
1	is n't
2	a complete wash -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- , watched side-by-side with Ringu
1	a complete wash -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- ,
2	a complete wash -LRB- no pun intended -RRB-
1	a complete wash
1	complete wash
2	-LRB- no pun intended -RRB-
2	no pun intended -RRB-
2	no pun intended
2	no pun
2	watched side-by-side with Ringu
2	watched side-by-side
2	with Ringu
1	, it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
2	it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
0	ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
0	comes off as a pale successor .
1	comes off as a pale successor
2	comes off
1	as a pale successor
1	a pale successor
1	pale successor
2	Is truth stranger than fiction ?
2	Is truth stranger than fiction
2	Is truth
2	stranger than fiction
2	than fiction
2	In -LRB- screenwriter -RRB- Charlie Kaufman 's world , truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the taking .
2	In -LRB- screenwriter -RRB- Charlie Kaufman 's world
2	-LRB- screenwriter -RRB- Charlie Kaufman 's world
2	screenwriter -RRB- Charlie Kaufman 's world
2	-RRB- Charlie Kaufman 's world
2	Charlie Kaufman 's world
2	Kaufman 's world
2	Kaufman 's
2	, truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the taking .
3	truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the taking .
2	truth and fiction
2	truth and
2	are equally strange , and his for the taking .
2	are equally strange , and his for the taking
2	are equally strange , and
2	are equally strange ,
1	are equally strange
2	equally strange
2	his for the taking
2	for the taking
2	the taking
3	For decades we 've marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .
2	For decades
3	we 've marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .
3	've marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .
4	've marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world
3	marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world
3	marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows
2	at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows
2	Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows
2	Disney 's rendering
2	Disney 's
2	of water , snow , flames and shadows
2	water , snow , flames and shadows
2	, snow , flames and shadows
2	snow , flames and shadows
2	, flames and shadows
2	flames and shadows
2	flames and
2	in a hand-drawn animated world
2	a hand-drawn animated world
2	hand-drawn animated world
2	animated world
3	Prepare to marvel again .
4	Prepare to marvel again
2	to marvel again
3	marvel again
4	A witty , low-key romantic comedy .
4	A witty , low-key romantic comedy
2	A witty ,
3	A witty
3	low-key romantic comedy
2	romantic comedy
3	More good than great but Freeman and Judd make it work .
3	More good than great
3	good than great
2	than great
2	but Freeman and Judd make it work .
2	but Freeman and Judd make it work
3	Freeman and Judd make it work
2	Freeman and Judd
2	Freeman and
2	make it work
2	it work
3	If you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and what might have happened at Picpus , Sade is your film .
3	If you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and what might have happened at Picpus
3	you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and what might have happened at Picpus
2	're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and what might have happened at Picpus
3	looking for a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and what might have happened at Picpus
3	for a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and what might have happened at Picpus
3	a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and what might have happened at Picpus
3	a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and
3	a smart , nuanced look at de Sade
3	a smart , nuanced look
3	smart , nuanced look
2	, nuanced look
3	nuanced look
2	at de Sade
2	de Sade
2	what might have happened at Picpus
2	might have happened at Picpus
2	have happened at Picpus
2	happened at Picpus
2	at Picpus
2	, Sade is your film .
2	Sade is your film .
3	is your film .
2	is your film
2	your film
3	Could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .
3	Could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies
1	Could have been crisper and punchier , but
1	Could have been crisper and punchier ,
1	Could have been crisper and punchier
2	have been crisper and punchier
2	been crisper and punchier
3	crisper and punchier
3	crisper and
3	it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies
2	's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies
3	likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies
3	to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies
3	please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies
2	audiences who like movies that demand four hankies
2	who like movies that demand four hankies
3	like movies that demand four hankies
2	movies that demand four hankies
2	that demand four hankies
2	demand four hankies
3	four hankies
3	Together writer-director Danny Verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .
3	writer-director Danny Verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .
2	writer-director Danny Verete 's three tales
2	writer-director Danny Verete 's
2	Danny Verete 's
2	Verete 's
2	three tales
3	comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .
3	comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt
4	a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt
3	powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt
4	powerful and reasonably fulfilling
3	powerful and
2	reasonably fulfilling
4	Bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
2	Bursting through the constraints of its source
1	through the constraints of its source
2	the constraints of its source
2	the constraints
2	of its source
2	its source
4	, this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
3	this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
3	is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
3	is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen
3	one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen
2	one adapted -
2	one adapted
3	from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen
2	from-television movie
2	that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen
4	actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen
4	looks as if it belongs on the big screen
3	as if it belongs on the big screen
3	if it belongs on the big screen
3	it belongs on the big screen
3	belongs on the big screen
2	on the big screen
2	the big screen
2	big screen
3	Its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story .
2	Its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story
2	Its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts
2	almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts
2	almost too-spectacular
2	coastal setting distracts
1	setting distracts
2	slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story
3	from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story
2	an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story
3	eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story
3	eccentric and good-naturedly
3	eccentric and
1	aimless story
1	In other words , it 's just another sports drama\/character study .
2	In other words
2	other words
1	, it 's just another sports drama\/character study .
2	it 's just another sports drama\/character study .
2	's just another sports drama\/character study .
2	's just another sports drama\/character study
2	's just
2	another sports drama\/character study
2	sports drama\/character study
2	drama\/character study
3	Yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .
3	this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .
2	this one
3	makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .
3	makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness
2	makes up
2	for in heart what it lacks in outright newness
2	in heart what it lacks in outright newness
2	heart what it lacks in outright newness
1	what it lacks in outright newness
0	it lacks in outright newness
1	lacks in outright newness
2	in outright newness
3	outright newness
3	Plus , like I already mentioned ... it 's Robert Duvall !
3	, like I already mentioned ... it 's Robert Duvall !
3	like I already mentioned ... it 's Robert Duvall !
2	like I already mentioned
2	I already mentioned
1	already mentioned
3	... it 's Robert Duvall !
4	it 's Robert Duvall !
2	it 's Robert Duvall
2	's Robert Duvall
3	Robert Duvall
2	C'mon !
3	This story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .
3	This story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone
2	This story
3	of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone
3	a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone
2	a determined woman 's
2	determined woman 's
2	woman 's
2	courage to find her husband in a war zone
2	to find her husband in a war zone
2	find her husband in a war zone
2	find her husband
2	her husband
2	in a war zone
2	a war zone
2	war zone
3	offers winning performances and some effecting moments .
3	offers winning performances and some effecting moments
4	winning performances and some effecting moments
4	winning performances and
4	winning performances
3	some effecting moments
2	effecting moments
4	Like Shrek , Spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
2	Like Shrek
4	, Spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
4	Spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
3	Spirit 's visual imagination
2	Spirit 's
2	visual imagination
4	reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
4	reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
3	you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
4	of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
3	why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
3	animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
3	is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
3	is such a perfect medium for children ,
3	is such a perfect medium for children
4	such a perfect medium for children
4	such a perfect medium
4	a perfect medium
4	perfect medium
3	for children
3	because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
4	of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
2	of the way
2	the way
4	it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
3	allows the mind to enter and accept another world
3	the mind to enter and accept another world
2	mind to enter and accept another world
3	to enter and accept another world
3	enter and accept another world
2	enter and accept
2	enter and
2	another world
4	A modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .
4	A modestly made but profoundly moving documentary
3	A modestly made but
2	A modestly made
3	modestly made
4	profoundly moving documentary
3	moving documentary
1	It irritates and saddens me that Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
0	irritates and saddens me that Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
0	irritates and saddens me that Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
0	irritates and saddens me
1	irritates and saddens
1	irritates and
1	that Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
1	Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
2	Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle
2	Martin Lawrence 's
2	Lawrence 's
2	latest vehicle
1	can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
1	explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
1	explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens
0	explode obnoxiously
2	into 2,500 screens
2	2,500 screens
1	while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
3	something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
3	something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality
3	of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality
3	Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality
2	Bubba Ho-Tep 's
2	Ho-Tep 's
3	clearly evident quality
2	clearly evident
2	may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
2	end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
2	end up
1	languishing on a shelf somewhere
2	on a shelf somewhere
2	a shelf somewhere
2	a shelf
3	Not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but Coppola , along with his sister , Sofia , is a real filmmaker .
3	Not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but Coppola , along with his sister , Sofia , is a real filmmaker
2	Not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but
2	Not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works ,
1	Not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works
2	Not everything in this ambitious comic escapade
1	Not everything
2	in this ambitious comic escapade
4	this ambitious comic escapade
3	ambitious comic escapade
2	comic escapade
4	Coppola , along with his sister , Sofia , is a real filmmaker
2	Coppola , along with his sister , Sofia ,
2	Coppola , along with his sister , Sofia
2	Coppola , along with his sister ,
2	Coppola , along with his sister
2	Coppola ,
2	along with his sister
2	with his sister
2	his sister
3	is a real filmmaker
4	a real filmmaker
2	real filmmaker
2	It must be in the genes .
2	must be in the genes .
2	must be in the genes
2	be in the genes
2	in the genes
2	the genes
4	The performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
4	The performers are so spot on
2	The performers
3	are so spot on
3	so spot on
3	spot on
2	, it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
4	it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
3	is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
4	is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles
4	hard to conceive anyone else in their roles
3	to conceive anyone else in their roles
2	conceive anyone else in their roles
2	anyone else in their roles
2	anyone else
2	in their roles
2	their roles
3	This slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm as the aged Napoleon .
3	This slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm as the aged Napoleon
2	This slight premise ...
1	This slight premise
2	slight premise
3	works because of the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm as the aged Napoleon
3	works because of the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm
3	because of the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm
4	of the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm
3	the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm
3	the ideal casting
3	ideal casting
3	of the masterful British actor Ian Holm
4	the masterful British actor Ian Holm
4	masterful British actor Ian Holm
2	British actor Ian Holm
2	actor Ian Holm
2	Ian Holm
2	as the aged Napoleon
2	the aged Napoleon
2	aged Napoleon
4	Hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U.S. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema .
3	Hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U.S. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema
4	Hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U.S. --
3	Hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U.S.
4	covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U.S.
4	covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature --
4	covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature
3	covers this territory with wit and originality ,
4	covers this territory with wit and originality
2	covers this territory
2	this territory
3	with wit and originality
3	wit and originality
2	wit and
2	suggesting that with his fourth feature
2	suggesting that
2	with his fourth feature
2	his fourth feature
3	fourth feature
2	the first to be released in the U.S.
2	the first
2	to be released in the U.S.
2	be released in the U.S.
2	released in the U.S.
2	in the U.S.
3	the U.S.
3	a major director is emerging in world cinema
3	a major director
2	major director
3	is emerging in world cinema
3	emerging in world cinema
3	in world cinema
2	world cinema
3	Although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make Italian for Beginners worth the journey
2	Although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking
2	the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking
2	the film
2	boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking
2	boils down
2	to a lightweight story about matchmaking
3	a lightweight story about matchmaking
2	a lightweight story
2	lightweight story
2	about matchmaking
3	, the characters make Italian for Beginners worth the journey
3	the characters make Italian for Beginners worth the journey
2	the characters
3	make Italian for Beginners worth the journey
2	make Italian for Beginners
2	Italian for Beginners
1	for Beginners
3	worth the journey
2	the journey
3	The dragons are the real stars of Reign of Fire and you wo n't be disappointed .
3	The dragons are the real stars of Reign of Fire and you wo n't be disappointed
3	The dragons are the real stars of Reign of Fire and
2	The dragons are the real stars of Reign of Fire
2	The dragons
2	are the real stars of Reign of Fire
2	the real stars of Reign of Fire
2	the real stars
3	real stars
2	of Reign of Fire
2	Reign of Fire
2	of Fire
4	you wo n't be disappointed
3	wo n't be disappointed
2	wo n't
0	be disappointed
4	Kudos to the most enchanting film of the year .
4	Kudos to the most enchanting film of the year
4	to the most enchanting film of the year
4	the most enchanting film of the year
3	the most enchanting film
4	most enchanting film
3	most enchanting
2	of the year
2	the year
3	It works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .
3	It works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory
3	It works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and
2	It works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently ,
3	It works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently
3	works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently
2	works well enough ,
3	works well enough
3	well enough
3	since the thrills pop up frequently
3	the thrills pop up frequently
3	the thrills
2	pop up frequently
2	pop up
3	the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory
2	the dispatching of the cast
2	the dispatching
2	of the cast
2	the cast
3	is as often imaginative as it is gory
3	is as often imaginative
3	as often imaginative
3	often imaginative
2	as it is gory
2	it is gory
2	is gory
2	Colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you , Burkinabe filmmaker Dani Kouyate 's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory .
3	Colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you
3	Colorful and deceptively buoyant
2	and deceptively buoyant
3	deceptively buoyant
2	until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you
2	it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you
3	suddenly pulls the rug out from under you
3	pulls the rug out from under you
2	pulls the rug out
2	pulls the rug
2	the rug
2	from under you
2	under you
3	, Burkinabe filmmaker Dani Kouyate 's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory .
3	Burkinabe filmmaker Dani Kouyate 's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory .
2	Burkinabe filmmaker Dani Kouyate 's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions
2	Burkinabe filmmaker Dani Kouyate 's reworking
2	Burkinabe filmmaker Dani Kouyate 's
2	filmmaker Dani Kouyate 's
2	Dani Kouyate 's
2	Kouyate 's
2	of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions
2	a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions
2	a folk story
2	folk story
2	whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions
2	whose roots
2	go back to 7th-century oral traditions
2	go back
2	to 7th-century oral traditions
2	7th-century oral traditions
2	oral traditions
1	is also a pointed political allegory .
3	is also a pointed political allegory
2	is also
3	a pointed political allegory
2	pointed political allegory
2	political allegory
4	It 's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
3	's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
4	's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
3	a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
2	a powerful though flawed movie ,
2	a powerful though flawed movie
2	powerful though flawed movie
2	though flawed movie
1	though flawed
4	guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
4	to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
4	put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
2	put a lump in your throat
2	a lump in your throat
2	a lump
2	in your throat
2	your throat
4	while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
4	reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
4	Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
4	as possibly the best actor working in movies today
4	possibly the best actor working in movies today
4	possibly the best actor
4	the best actor
3	best actor
2	working in movies today
2	working in movies
2	in movies
3	Director Paul Cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing Nijinsky 's diaries is both stimulating and demanding .
2	Director Paul Cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing Nijinsky 's diaries
3	Director Paul Cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach
2	Director Paul Cox 's
2	Paul Cox 's
2	Cox 's
2	unorthodox , abstract approach
2	, abstract approach
3	abstract approach
2	to visualizing Nijinsky 's diaries
2	visualizing Nijinsky 's diaries
2	Nijinsky 's diaries
2	Nijinsky 's
3	is both stimulating and demanding .
3	is both stimulating and demanding
2	is both
3	stimulating and demanding
3	stimulating and
2	For 95 often hilarious minutes , -LRB- Cho -RRB- riffs on the diciness of colonics , on straight versus gay personal ads , on how men would act if they had periods , and on the perils of a certain outré sexual practice .
3	For 95 often hilarious minutes
4	95 often hilarious minutes
3	often hilarious minutes
4	often hilarious
2	, -LRB- Cho -RRB- riffs on the diciness of colonics , on straight versus gay personal ads , on how men would act if they had periods , and on the perils of a certain outré sexual practice .
2	-LRB- Cho -RRB- riffs on the diciness of colonics , on straight versus gay personal ads , on how men would act if they had periods , and on the perils of a certain outré sexual practice .
2	-LRB- Cho -RRB-
2	Cho -RRB-
2	riffs on the diciness of colonics , on straight versus gay personal ads , on how men would act if they had periods , and on the perils of a certain outré sexual practice .
2	riffs on the diciness of colonics , on straight versus gay personal ads , on how men would act if they had periods , and on the perils of a certain outré sexual practice
2	riffs on the diciness of colonics ,
2	riffs on the diciness of colonics
2	on the diciness of colonics
2	the diciness of colonics
2	the diciness
2	of colonics
3	on straight versus gay personal ads , on how men would act if they had periods , and on the perils of a certain outré sexual practice
2	straight versus gay personal ads , on how men would act if they had periods , and on the perils of a certain outré sexual practice
2	straight versus gay personal ads ,
2	straight versus gay personal ads
2	versus gay personal ads
1	gay personal ads
2	personal ads
2	on how men would act if they had periods , and on the perils of a certain outré sexual practice
2	on how men would act if they had periods
2	how men would act if they had periods
2	men would act if they had periods
2	would act if they had periods
2	act if they had periods
3	if they had periods
2	they had periods
2	had periods
2	, and on the perils of a certain outré sexual practice
3	, and
2	on the perils of a certain outré sexual practice
2	the perils of a certain outré sexual practice
2	the perils
3	of a certain outré sexual practice
2	a certain outré sexual practice
2	certain outré sexual practice
2	outré sexual practice
2	sexual practice
3	Most of the things that made the original Men in Black such a pleasure are still there .
3	Most of the things that made the original Men in Black such a pleasure
3	of the things that made the original Men in Black such a pleasure
3	the things that made the original Men in Black such a pleasure
2	the things
3	that made the original Men in Black such a pleasure
3	made the original Men in Black such a pleasure
2	made the original Men in Black
2	made the original Men
2	the original Men
2	original Men
2	in Black
3	such a pleasure
3	a pleasure
2	are still there .
2	are still there
2	are still
4	Mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
3	Mostly honest
3	, this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
4	this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
2	this somber picture
2	somber picture
4	reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
4	reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully
3	reveals itself slowly , intelligently ,
4	reveals itself slowly , intelligently
3	reveals itself slowly ,
2	reveals itself slowly
3	reveals itself
3	Best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .
3	enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .
3	enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events
2	as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events
2	a work of fiction inspired by real-life events
2	a work of fiction
2	a work
2	of fiction
2	inspired by real-life events
2	by real-life events
2	real-life events
1	Those seeking a definitive account of Eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .
2	Those seeking a definitive account of Eisenstein 's life
2	seeking a definitive account of Eisenstein 's life
3	a definitive account of Eisenstein 's life
3	a definitive account
3	definitive account
2	of Eisenstein 's life
2	Eisenstein 's life
2	Eisenstein 's
1	would do better elsewhere .
1	would do better elsewhere
1	do better elsewhere
1	better elsewhere
4	-LRB- Westbrook -RRB- makes a wonderful subject for the camera .
2	-LRB- Westbrook -RRB-
2	Westbrook -RRB-
3	makes a wonderful subject for the camera .
4	makes a wonderful subject for the camera
3	a wonderful subject for the camera
3	a wonderful subject
4	wonderful subject
2	for the camera
2	the camera
3	A film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .
3	film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .
3	film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure
3	that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure
2	's flawed and brilliant in equal measure
3	's flawed and brilliant
4	flawed and brilliant
1	flawed and
2	in equal measure
2	equal measure
3	Even if Invincible is not quite the career peak that The Pianist is for Roman Polanski , it demonstrates that Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
2	Even if Invincible is not quite the career peak that The Pianist is for Roman Polanski
3	if Invincible is not quite the career peak that The Pianist is for Roman Polanski
2	Invincible is not quite the career peak that The Pianist is for Roman Polanski
2	is not quite the career peak that The Pianist is for Roman Polanski
1	is not quite the career peak
1	is not
3	quite the career peak
3	the career peak
3	career peak
2	that The Pianist is for Roman Polanski
2	The Pianist is for Roman Polanski
2	The Pianist
2	is for Roman Polanski
2	for Roman Polanski
2	Roman Polanski
4	, it demonstrates that Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
3	it demonstrates that Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
3	demonstrates that Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
4	demonstrates that Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken
4	that Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken
3	Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken
2	Werner Herzog
3	can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken
2	can still
3	leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken
3	leave us with a sense of wonder
2	leave us
3	with a sense of wonder
3	a sense of wonder
2	a sense
2	of wonder
3	at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken
2	the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken
3	the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history
2	diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history
4	, marvelously twisted shapes history
3	marvelously twisted shapes history
1	twisted shapes history
3	shapes history
2	has taken
1	Ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .
2	too repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .
3	repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .
2	repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness
3	repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences , but
1	repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences ,
2	repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences
3	to fully endear itself to American art house audiences
3	fully endear itself to American art house audiences
3	endear itself to American art house audiences
3	endear itself
2	to American art house audiences
2	American art house audiences
2	art house audiences
2	house audiences
3	it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness
3	is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness
3	notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness
3	for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness
2	its stylistic austerity and forcefulness
3	stylistic austerity and forcefulness
3	austerity and forcefulness
2	austerity and
3	Hardly a film that comes along every day .
1	a film that comes along every day .
2	film that comes along every day .
2	film that comes along every day
2	that comes along every day
3	comes along every day
2	along every day
2	every day
4	A wild ride with eight boarders from Venice Beach that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival .
2	A wild ride with eight
3	A wild ride
3	wild ride
2	with eight
4	boarders from Venice Beach that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival .
4	boarders from Venice Beach that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival
3	from Venice Beach that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival
4	Venice Beach that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival
2	Venice Beach
3	that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival
3	was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival
4	a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival
3	a deserved co-winner
3	deserved co-winner
3	of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival
3	the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival
3	the Audience Award
3	Audience Award
2	for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival
2	documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival
2	at the Sundance Film Festival
2	the Sundance Film Festival
2	Sundance Film Festival
3	Film Festival
2	The film 's only missteps come from the script 's insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of Abagnale 's antics .
1	The film 's only missteps
2	The film 's
2	film 's
2	only missteps
2	come from the script 's insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of Abagnale 's antics .
3	come from the script 's insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of Abagnale 's antics
1	come from the script 's insistence
2	from the script 's insistence
2	the script 's insistence
2	the script 's
2	script 's
3	on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of Abagnale 's antics
3	providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of Abagnale 's antics
3	providing deep emotional motivation
3	deep emotional motivation
3	emotional motivation
2	for each and every one of Abagnale 's antics
2	each and every one of Abagnale 's antics
2	each and
2	every one of Abagnale 's antics
2	every one
2	of Abagnale 's antics
2	Abagnale 's antics
2	Abagnale 's
3	A sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old Welsh boy more curious about God than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .
3	A sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old Welsh boy more curious about God than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter
3	A sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old Welsh boy more curious about God
3	A sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old Welsh boy more curious
3	A sweet , tender sermon
4	sweet , tender sermon
2	, tender sermon
3	tender sermon
2	about a 12-year-old Welsh boy more curious
2	a 12-year-old Welsh boy more curious
2	a 12-year-old Welsh boy
2	12-year-old Welsh boy
2	Welsh boy
3	more curious
2	about God
3	than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter
3	girls , who learns that believing in something does matter
2	girls ,
4	who learns that believing in something does matter
3	learns that believing in something does matter
3	that believing in something does matter
3	believing in something does matter
2	believing in something
2	in something
2	does matter
3	the film belongs to the marvelous Verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
2	the film
3	belongs to the marvelous Verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
2	to the marvelous Verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
3	the marvelous Verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
3	the marvelous Verdu ,
3	the marvelous Verdu
3	marvelous Verdu
3	a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
3	a sexy slip of an earth mother
2	a sexy slip
3	sexy slip
2	of an earth mother
2	an earth mother
2	earth mother
3	who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
2	mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
2	mourns her tragedies in private and
1	mourns her tragedies in private
2	mourns her tragedies
1	her tragedies
3	in private
3	embraces life in public
3	embraces life
2	in public
4	More intimate than spectacular , E.T. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
2	More intimate than spectacular
3	intimate than spectacular
2	than spectacular
4	, E.T. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
3	E.T. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
3	is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
3	is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades
3	carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades
3	less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades
2	less by wow factors
2	by wow factors
3	wow factors
3	than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades
4	by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades
3	its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades
4	its funny , moving yarn
3	funny , moving yarn
3	funny , moving
3	, moving
3	that holds up well after two decades
3	holds up well after two decades
3	holds up well
2	up well
2	after two decades
2	two decades
3	For once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
2	For once
3	, a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
3	a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
2	a movie
3	does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
2	does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own
1	does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but
2	does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies ,
1	does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies
2	does not
2	proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies
2	the truth about two love-struck somebodies
2	the truth
2	about two love-struck somebodies
2	two love-struck somebodies
2	love-struck somebodies
2	permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own
2	them time and space to convince us of that all on their own
2	time and space to convince us of that all on their own
2	time and space
2	time and
3	to convince us of that all on their own
3	convince us of that all on their own
2	convince us of that
2	us of that
3	of that
2	all on their own
2	on their own
2	their own
3	If you 're burnt out on It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored with A Christmas Carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for .
2	If you 're burnt out on It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored with A Christmas Carol
1	you 're burnt out on It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored with A Christmas Carol
1	're burnt out on It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored with A Christmas Carol
1	burnt out on It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored with A Christmas Carol
1	burnt out on It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored
1	burnt out
1	on It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored
1	It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored
2	It 's
1	a Wonderful Life marathons and bored
2	a Wonderful Life
3	Wonderful Life
2	marathons and bored
2	marathons and
2	with A Christmas Carol
2	A Christmas Carol
2	Christmas Carol
3	, it might just be the movie you 're looking for .
3	it might just be the movie you 're looking for .
3	might just be the movie you 're looking for .
4	might just be the movie you 're looking for
2	might just
3	be the movie you 're looking for
3	the movie you 're looking for
2	the movie
2	you 're looking for
2	're looking for
2	looking for
2	It depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept .
2	depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept .
0	depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept
2	on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept
1	how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept
2	how well
2	flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept
2	flatulence gags
2	fit into your holiday concept
2	into your holiday concept
2	your holiday concept
3	holiday concept
3	Moonlight Mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .
3	Moonlight Mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy
2	Moonlight Mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and
2	Moonlight Mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive
1	Moonlight Mile does n't quite go the distance but
1	Moonlight Mile does n't quite go the distance
2	Moonlight Mile
1	does n't quite go the distance
1	does n't quite
1	does n't
3	go the distance
3	the distance
4	the cast is impressive
2	the cast
3	is impressive
2	they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy
3	all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy
2	give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy
3	give life
1	to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy
1	these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy
2	these broken characters
1	broken characters
1	who are trying to make their way through this tragedy
2	are trying to make their way through this tragedy
2	trying to make their way through this tragedy
1	to make their way through this tragedy
2	make their way through this tragedy
2	make their way
2	their way
2	through this tragedy
2	this tragedy
2	It is an indelible epic American story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives .
3	is an indelible epic American story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives .
3	is an indelible epic American story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives
3	an indelible epic American story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives
3	an indelible epic American story
3	indelible epic American story
4	epic American story
2	American story
2	about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives
2	two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives
2	two families , one black and one white ,
2	two families , one black and one white
2	two families ,
2	two families
2	one black and one white
2	one black and
2	one black
2	one white
3	facing change in both their inner and outer lives
2	facing change
2	in both their inner and outer lives
2	both their inner and outer lives
2	their inner and outer lives
2	inner and outer lives
2	and outer lives
2	outer lives
3	Not as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted .
3	as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted .
3	as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted
3	as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but stylish and moody and
3	as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but stylish and moody
3	as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but
3	as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ,
3	as well-written as Sexy Beast
3	well-written as Sexy Beast
3	as Sexy Beast
3	Sexy Beast
1	, not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ,
1	, not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels
2	, not as
2	not as
4	gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels
2	flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels
2	as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels
2	Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels
2	Lock , Stock and
2	Lock , Stock
2	Lock ,
2	Two Smoking Barrels
2	Smoking Barrels
3	stylish and moody
3	stylish and
4	exceptionally well-acted
4	Quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to .
3	Quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to
2	Quite simply ,
2	Quite simply
4	a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to
4	joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to
2	to watch and -- especially -- to listen to
3	watch and -- especially -- to listen to
2	watch and -- especially --
2	watch and
2	-- especially --
2	especially --
2	to listen to
2	listen to
2	A flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds .
4	A flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly
0	A flawed film
1	flawed film
3	but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly
3	an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly
3	an admirable one
3	admirable one
2	that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly
3	tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly
3	to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly
2	immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly
2	immerse us
2	in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly
3	a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly
2	a world of artistic abandon and
2	a world of artistic abandon
2	a world
2	of artistic abandon
3	artistic abandon
2	political madness and very nearly
2	political madness and
2	political madness
2	very nearly
4	succeeds .
3	The filmmakers wisely decided to let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .
2	The filmmakers
3	wisely decided to let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .
3	decided to let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .
3	decided to let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him
2	to let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him
3	let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him
2	let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best , and
3	let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best ,
3	let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best
3	Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best
2	Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin
2	Hunter Steve Irwin
2	Steve Irwin
4	do what he does best
4	what he does best
3	he does best
3	does best
2	fashion a story around him
2	fashion a story
2	a story
2	around him
3	A winning and wildly fascinating work .
3	A winning and wildly fascinating work
4	winning and wildly fascinating work
3	winning and wildly fascinating
2	winning and
3	wildly fascinating
1	We do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .
2	do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .
2	do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close
2	get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close
2	get the distinct impression
2	the distinct impression
2	distinct impression
2	that this franchise is drawing to a close
2	this franchise is drawing to a close
2	this franchise
2	is drawing to a close
2	drawing to a close
2	to a close
2	a close
3	Worth catching for Griffiths ' warm and winning central performance .
3	Worth catching for Griffiths ' warm and winning central performance
3	catching for Griffiths ' warm and winning central performance
4	for Griffiths ' warm and winning central performance
4	Griffiths ' warm and winning central performance
2	Griffiths '
4	warm and winning central performance
3	warm and winning
2	warm and
2	central performance
2	The tone errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons .
2	The tone
3	errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons .
2	errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons
3	on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons
2	the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons
1	the shrill side ,
2	the shrill side
2	shrill side
3	tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons
3	by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons
2	a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons
2	a soft southern gentility
2	soft southern gentility
2	southern gentility
3	that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons
3	speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons
3	of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons
2	beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons
4	beauty , grace and
3	beauty , grace
3	beauty ,
2	a closet full of skeletons
2	a closet
2	full of skeletons
2	of skeletons
4	An interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama .
3	An interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances
3	An interesting psychological game
3	interesting psychological game
2	psychological game
3	of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances
4	cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances
3	cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and
2	cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters
3	, three-dimensional characters
3	three-dimensional characters
3	believable performances
4	all add up to a satisfying crime drama .
4	add up to a satisfying crime drama .
4	add up to a satisfying crime drama
2	add up
3	to a satisfying crime drama
4	a satisfying crime drama
3	satisfying crime drama
1	crime drama
3	A meatier deeper beginning and\/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the `` A '' range , as is , it 's a very very strong `` B + . ''
2	A meatier deeper beginning and\/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the `` A '' range , as is
2	A meatier deeper beginning and\/or ending
2	A meatier deeper beginning and\/or
3	A meatier deeper beginning
2	A meatier deeper
3	A meatier
3	would have easily tipped this film into the `` A '' range , as is
4	have easily tipped this film into the `` A '' range , as is
2	have easily
3	tipped this film into the `` A '' range , as is
2	tipped this film
2	this film
3	into the `` A '' range , as is
2	the `` A '' range , as is
3	the `` A '' range ,
3	the `` A '' range
3	`` A '' range
3	A '' range
2	'' range
2	as is
3	, it 's a very very strong `` B + . ''
3	it 's a very very strong `` B + . ''
3	's a very very strong `` B + . ''
3	's a very very strong `` B + .
3	's a very very strong `` B +
3	a very very strong `` B +
3	very very strong `` B +
4	very very strong
3	very strong
3	`` B +
3	B +
4	I love the robust middle of this picture .
4	love the robust middle of this picture .
3	love the robust middle of this picture
3	the robust middle of this picture
2	the robust middle
2	robust middle
2	of this picture
2	this picture
3	The power of Shanghai Ghetto , a documentary by Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .
3	The power of Shanghai Ghetto , a documentary by Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann ,
2	The power of Shanghai Ghetto , a documentary by Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann
2	The power of Shanghai Ghetto ,
3	The power of Shanghai Ghetto
2	The power
2	of Shanghai Ghetto
2	Shanghai Ghetto
2	a documentary by Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann
2	a documentary
2	by Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann
2	Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann
2	Dana Janklowicz-Mann and
2	Dana Janklowicz-Mann
2	Amir Mann
2	rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .
2	rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s
2	rests in the voices of men and women , now
2	in the voices of men and women , now
2	in the voices of men and women ,
2	in the voices of men and women
2	the voices of men and women
2	the voices
2	of men and women
2	men and women
2	men and
2	in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s
2	their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s
2	their 70s ,
2	their 70s
2	who lived there in the 1940s
2	lived there in the 1940s
2	lived there
2	in the 1940s
2	the 1940s
3	Maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .
3	your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .
4	your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts
3	your interest until the end and
2	your interest until the end
2	your interest
2	until the end
2	the end
3	even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts
3	leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts
2	leaves you
3	with a few lingering animated thoughts
2	a few lingering animated thoughts
2	few lingering animated thoughts
2	few lingering
3	animated thoughts
3	There is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .
3	is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .
3	is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all
4	a beautiful , aching sadness to it all
4	a beautiful , aching sadness
3	beautiful , aching sadness
2	, aching sadness
2	aching sadness
2	to it all
2	it all
1	Paul Cox needed to show it .
2	Paul Cox
2	needed to show it .
2	needed to show it
2	to show it
2	show it
2	It is up to you to decide if you need to see it .
2	is up to you to decide if you need to see it .
2	is up to you to decide if you need to see it
2	is up to you
2	up to you
2	to you
2	to decide if you need to see it
1	decide if you need to see it
2	if you need to see it
3	you need to see it
3	need to see it
2	to see it
3	see it
1	If Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances .
1	If Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure
0	Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure
2	Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
2	Divine Secrets
3	of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
3	the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
2	Ya-Ya Sisterhood
2	suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure
1	from a ploddingly melodramatic structure
3	a ploddingly melodramatic structure
1	ploddingly melodramatic structure
2	ploddingly melodramatic
3	, it comes to life in the performances .
2	it comes to life in the performances .
3	comes to life in the performances .
2	comes to life in the performances
3	to life in the performances
4	life in the performances
2	in the performances
2	the performances
2	If you ignore the cliches and concentrate on City by the Sea 's interpersonal drama , it ai n't half-bad .
2	If you ignore the cliches and concentrate on City by the Sea 's interpersonal drama
3	you ignore the cliches and concentrate on City by the Sea 's interpersonal drama
2	ignore the cliches and concentrate on City by the Sea 's interpersonal drama
2	ignore the cliches and
2	ignore the cliches
1	the cliches
2	concentrate on City by the Sea 's interpersonal drama
2	concentrate on City
2	on City
2	by the Sea 's interpersonal drama
2	the Sea 's interpersonal drama
2	the Sea 's
3	Sea 's
2	interpersonal drama
3	, it ai n't half-bad .
3	it ai n't half-bad .
3	ai n't half-bad .
3	ai n't half-bad
2	ai n't
4	There are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -LRB- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -RRB- , but `` Elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases .
4	There are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -LRB- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -RRB- , but `` Elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
4	There are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -LRB- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -RRB- , but
3	There are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -LRB- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -RRB- ,
4	There are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -LRB- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -RRB-
3	are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -LRB- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -RRB-
1	are n't
3	too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -LRB- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -RRB-
1	too many films
2	many films
3	that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -LRB- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -RRB-
2	can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -LRB- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -RRB-
4	be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -LRB- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -RRB-
4	be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming
4	as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming
4	as simultaneously funny , offbeat and
3	as simultaneously funny , offbeat
3	as simultaneously funny ,
4	as simultaneously funny
2	as simultaneously
2	-LRB- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -RRB-
2	without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -RRB-
2	without a thick shmear of the goo , at least
2	a thick shmear of the goo , at least
2	a thick shmear
2	thick shmear
2	of the goo , at least
2	the goo , at least
2	the goo ,
1	the goo
2	at least
4	`` Elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
4	Elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
4	'' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
4	manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
4	to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
4	do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
3	do all three quite well ,
3	do all three quite well
2	do all three
2	all three
2	quite well
4	making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
4	it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
4	one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
4	of the year 's most enjoyable releases
3	the year 's most enjoyable releases
2	the year 's
2	year 's
4	most enjoyable releases
4	most enjoyable
3	Reign of Fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond Road Warrior , it owes enormous debts to Aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining .
3	Reign of Fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond Road Warrior , it owes enormous debts to Aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining
2	Reign of Fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond Road Warrior , it owes enormous debts to Aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but
2	Reign of Fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond Road Warrior , it owes enormous debts to Aliens and every previous dragon drama --
3	Reign of Fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond Road Warrior , it owes enormous debts to Aliens and every previous dragon drama
1	Reign of Fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made --
0	Reign of Fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made
2	Reign of Fire
2	of Fire
1	is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made
2	is hardly
4	the most original fantasy film ever made
4	the most original fantasy film
3	most original fantasy film
3	original fantasy film
2	fantasy film
2	ever made
3	beyond Road Warrior , it owes enormous debts to Aliens and every previous dragon drama
2	beyond Road Warrior
2	Road Warrior
2	, it owes enormous debts to Aliens and every previous dragon drama
2	it owes enormous debts to Aliens and every previous dragon drama
3	owes enormous debts to Aliens and every previous dragon drama
1	owes enormous debts
2	enormous debts
2	to Aliens and every previous dragon drama
2	Aliens and every previous dragon drama
3	Aliens and
2	every previous dragon drama
2	previous dragon drama
2	dragon drama
2	that barely makes it any less entertaining
3	barely makes it any less entertaining
2	makes it any less entertaining
2	it any less entertaining
3	any less entertaining
1	less entertaining
3	An earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .
3	An earnest , roughshod document
2	earnest , roughshod document
2	, roughshod document
2	roughshod document
3	, it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .
3	it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .
3	serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .
3	serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool
2	serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and
3	serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history ,
3	serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history
3	as a workable primer for the region 's recent history
2	a workable primer for the region 's recent history
3	a workable primer
2	workable primer
2	for the region 's recent history
2	the region 's recent history
2	the region 's
2	region 's
2	recent history
2	would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool
3	make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool
2	a terrific 10th-grade learning tool
3	terrific 10th-grade learning tool
2	10th-grade learning tool
2	learning tool
2	Samuel Beckett applied to the Iranian voting process .
2	Samuel Beckett
2	applied to the Iranian voting process .
2	applied to the Iranian voting process
2	to the Iranian voting process
2	the Iranian voting process
2	Iranian voting process
2	voting process
4	The Bard as black comedy -- Willie would have loved it .
3	The Bard as black comedy -- Willie would have loved it
2	The Bard as black comedy --
2	The Bard as black comedy
2	The Bard
2	as black comedy
2	black comedy
3	Willie would have loved it
2	would have loved it
4	have loved it
4	loved it
3	Another trumpet blast that there may be a New Mexican Cinema a-bornin ' . '
3	trumpet blast that there may be a New Mexican Cinema a-bornin ' . '
3	trumpet blast that there may be a New Mexican Cinema a-bornin ' .
2	trumpet blast that there may be a New Mexican Cinema a-bornin '
2	trumpet blast
2	that there may be a New Mexican Cinema a-bornin '
2	there may be a New Mexican Cinema a-bornin '
2	may be a New Mexican Cinema a-bornin '
3	be a New Mexican Cinema a-bornin '
2	a New Mexican Cinema a-bornin '
2	New Mexican Cinema a-bornin '
2	Mexican Cinema a-bornin '
2	Cinema a-bornin '
2	a-bornin '
0	... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
0	the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
2	the film 's considered approach to
3	the film 's considered approach
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	considered approach
1	its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
2	its subject matter
2	subject matter
1	is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
0	is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama .
0	is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama
1	is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations
2	is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and
1	is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop ,
2	is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop
2	too calm and thoughtful for agitprop
2	too calm and thoughtful
3	calm and thoughtful
2	calm and
2	for agitprop
1	the thinness of its characterizations
2	the thinness
2	of its characterizations
2	its characterizations
0	makes it a failure as straight drama
0	it a failure as straight drama
0	a failure as straight drama
0	a failure
2	as straight drama
2	straight drama
3	Tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .
4	may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .
3	may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother
4	be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother
3	one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother
4	of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother
3	the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother
2	the most appealing movies
3	most appealing movies
4	most appealing
2	ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother
2	made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother
2	made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love
2	about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love
2	an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love
1	an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject --
2	an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject
1	otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject
0	otherwise appalling , and downright creepy ,
1	otherwise appalling , and downright creepy
1	otherwise appalling , and
2	otherwise appalling ,
0	otherwise appalling
1	downright creepy
2	a teenage boy in love
2	a teenage boy
2	teenage boy
2	in love
2	with his stepmother
2	his stepmother
4	This is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .
3	is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .
4	is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos
4	a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos
2	a story
4	that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos
4	zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos
4	zings all the way
3	all the way
2	the way
3	through with originality , humour and pathos
3	with originality , humour and pathos
3	originality , humour and pathos
2	, humour and pathos
3	humour and pathos
3	humour and
1	As underwater ghost stories go , Below casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the Bermuda Triangle .
2	As underwater ghost stories go
2	underwater ghost stories go
2	underwater ghost stories
2	ghost stories
3	, Below casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the Bermuda Triangle .
3	Below casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the Bermuda Triangle .
2	casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the Bermuda Triangle .
2	casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the Bermuda Triangle
2	casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back , grizzled and
2	casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back , grizzled
3	casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back ,
2	casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back
2	casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and
2	casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean
2	casts its spooky net out
3	casts its spooky net
2	its spooky net
2	spooky net
2	into the Atlantic Ocean
2	the Atlantic Ocean
2	Atlantic Ocean
2	spits it back
2	spits it
1	charred , somewhere northwest of the Bermuda Triangle
2	charred , somewhere northwest
2	charred ,
2	somewhere northwest
2	of the Bermuda Triangle
2	the Bermuda Triangle
2	Bermuda Triangle
2	It is a challenging film , if not always a narratively cohesive one .
2	is a challenging film , if not always a narratively cohesive one .
2	is a challenging film ,
3	is a challenging film
2	a challenging film
2	challenging film
2	if not always a narratively cohesive one .
1	not always a narratively cohesive one .
3	always a narratively cohesive one .
3	always a narratively cohesive one
2	a narratively cohesive one
2	narratively cohesive one
2	cohesive one
3	Trapped wo n't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness .
2	Trapped wo n't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness
2	Trapped wo n't score points for political correctness , but
1	Trapped wo n't score points for political correctness ,
1	Trapped wo n't score points for political correctness
1	wo n't score points for political correctness
2	wo n't
3	score points for political correctness
2	points for political correctness
2	for political correctness
2	political correctness
4	it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness
4	may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness
2	cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness
1	cause parents a few sleepless hours --
1	cause parents a few sleepless hours
2	cause parents
2	a few sleepless hours
1	few sleepless hours
2	sleepless hours
2	a sign of its effectiveness
2	a sign
2	of its effectiveness
3	its effectiveness
3	A rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics .
3	A rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics
3	A rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount
4	A rock-solid gangster movie
4	rock-solid gangster movie
2	gangster movie
2	with a fair amount
2	a fair amount
3	fair amount
3	of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics
3	suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics
2	suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus
4	suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies ,
3	suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies
4	suspense , intriguing characters and
4	suspense , intriguing characters
3	suspense ,
3	intriguing characters
2	bizarre bank robberies
2	bank robberies
2	a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics
2	a heavy dose
2	heavy dose
2	of father-and-son dynamics
2	father-and-son dynamics
3	It 's incredible the number of stories the Holocaust has generated .
2	's incredible the number of stories the Holocaust has generated .
3	's incredible the number of stories the Holocaust has generated
3	's incredible the number of stories
2	incredible the number of stories
2	the number of stories
2	the number
2	of stories
2	the Holocaust has generated
1	the Holocaust
2	has generated
3	Just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .
2	Just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians
2	when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians
2	you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians
2	think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians
2	that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians
1	every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians
2	every possible angle
3	possible angle
2	has been exhausted by documentarians
1	been exhausted by documentarians
1	exhausted by documentarians
2	by documentarians
2	, another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .
3	another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .
2	another new film
2	new film
4	emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .
3	emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective
3	with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective
3	yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective
3	another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective
4	remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective
3	remarkable yet shockingly
3	remarkable yet
1	little-known perspective
3	As they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , Signs is a tribute to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .
2	As they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies
2	they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies
2	used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies
2	to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies
2	say in the 1950s sci-fi movies
2	in the 1950s sci-fi movies
2	the 1950s sci-fi movies
2	1950s sci-fi movies
2	sci-fi movies
3	, Signs is a tribute to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .
4	Signs is a tribute to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .
3	is a tribute to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .
4	is a tribute to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
4	a tribute to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
3	a tribute
3	to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
3	Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
3	Shyamalan 's gifts ,
3	Shyamalan 's gifts
2	Shyamalan 's
3	which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
3	are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
3	such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
4	that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
3	we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
3	'll keep watching the skies for his next project
3	keep watching the skies for his next project
2	watching the skies for his next project
2	watching the skies
2	the skies
2	for his next project
2	his next project
2	next project
3	There 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a Hollywood career , if they want one .
4	There 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a Hollywood career , if they want one
3	There 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and
3	There 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty
1	There 's no conversion effort ,
1	There 's no conversion effort
1	's no conversion effort
1	no conversion effort
2	conversion effort
3	much of the writing is genuinely witty
2	much of the writing
2	of the writing
2	the writing
3	is genuinely witty
4	genuinely witty
3	both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a Hollywood career , if they want one
2	both stars
3	are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a Hollywood career , if they want one
3	appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a Hollywood career , if they want one
3	appealing enough
2	to probably have a good shot at a Hollywood career , if they want one
2	to probably
3	have a good shot at a Hollywood career , if they want one
3	have a good shot at a Hollywood career ,
3	have a good shot at a Hollywood career
3	have a good shot
4	a good shot
2	good shot
2	at a Hollywood career
2	a Hollywood career
2	Hollywood career
2	if they want one
2	they want one
2	want one
4	Like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
3	Like a skillful fisher
3	a skillful fisher
3	skillful fisher
3	, the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
3	the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
2	the director
3	uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
3	uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely
3	uses the last act to reel in the audience
2	uses the last act
2	the last act
2	last act
3	to reel in the audience
3	reel in the audience
2	in the audience
2	the audience
4	since its poignancy hooks us completely
4	its poignancy hooks us completely
2	its poignancy
3	hooks us completely
3	hooks us
3	A film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .
3	A film with contemporary political resonance
2	A film
2	with contemporary political resonance
2	contemporary political resonance
2	political resonance
3	illustrated by a winning family story .
3	illustrated by a winning family story
3	by a winning family story
3	a winning family story
3	winning family story
2	family story
4	Kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story .
2	Kids five and up
2	Kids five
2	and up
4	will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story .
4	will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story
4	be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story
4	delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story
4	with the fast , funny , and even touching story
3	the fast , funny , and even touching story
4	fast , funny , and even touching story
3	fast , funny , and even touching
3	, funny , and even touching
4	funny , and even touching
3	, and even touching
3	and even touching
2	even touching
4	Parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .
4	may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .
3	may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
2	may even
4	find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
4	that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
3	it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
4	goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
2	goes by quickly ,
3	goes by quickly
2	by quickly
4	because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
4	it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
3	has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
4	has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year ,
4	has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year
4	has some of the funniest jokes of any movie
4	some of the funniest jokes of any movie
4	of the funniest jokes of any movie
4	the funniest jokes of any movie
4	the funniest jokes
3	funniest jokes
2	of any movie
2	any movie
2	this year
2	including those intended for adults
2	those intended for adults
2	intended for adults
2	for adults
4	An unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .
4	An unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that
3	An unsettling , memorable cinematic experience
3	unsettling , memorable cinematic experience
4	, memorable cinematic experience
3	memorable cinematic experience
3	cinematic experience
3	does its predecessors proud .
4	does its predecessors proud
3	its predecessors proud
2	its predecessors
2	Maid in Manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road ... But as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations , the movie passes inspection .
3	Maid in Manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road ... But as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations , the movie passes inspection
2	Maid in Manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road ... But
2	Maid in Manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road ...
1	Maid in Manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road
2	Maid in Manhattan
2	in Manhattan
1	might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road
2	might not
2	look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road
3	look so appealing on third or fourth viewing
4	so appealing on third or fourth viewing
2	appealing on third or fourth viewing
2	on third or fourth viewing
3	third or fourth viewing
2	or fourth viewing
2	fourth viewing
2	down the road
2	the road
4	as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations , the movie passes inspection
4	as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations
3	a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations
2	a high concept vehicle
3	high concept vehicle
2	concept vehicle
3	for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations
3	two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations
3	two bright stars
3	bright stars
3	of the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations
3	the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations
2	the moment
4	who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations
3	can rise to fans ' lofty expectations
3	rise to fans ' lofty expectations
2	to fans ' lofty expectations
2	fans ' lofty expectations
2	fans '
2	lofty expectations
3	, the movie passes inspection
3	the movie passes inspection
2	the movie
2	passes inspection
4	Much of All About Lily Chou-Chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .
4	Much of All About Lily Chou-Chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep
3	Much of All About Lily Chou-Chou is mesmerizing :
4	Much of All About Lily Chou-Chou is mesmerizing
2	Much of All About Lily Chou-Chou
2	of All About Lily Chou-Chou
2	All About Lily Chou-Chou
2	About Lily Chou-Chou
2	Lily Chou-Chou
4	is mesmerizing
2	some of its plaintiveness could make you weep
2	some of its plaintiveness
2	of its plaintiveness
2	its plaintiveness
1	could make you weep
2	make you weep
2	you weep
4	Ferrara 's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .
4	's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .
4	's strongest and most touching movie of recent years
4	strongest and most touching movie of recent years
3	strongest and
4	most touching movie of recent years
3	most touching movie
3	touching movie
2	of recent years
2	recent years
4	Spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .
4	Spielberg 's first real masterpiece
2	Spielberg 's
4	first real masterpiece
4	real masterpiece
3	, it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .
3	it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .
2	deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .
4	deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later
3	deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still ,
4	deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still
3	all the hearts it won -- and wins still
2	all the hearts
2	the hearts
4	it won -- and wins still
4	won -- and wins still
3	won -- and
3	won --
3	wins still
2	20 years later
2	20 years
1	The screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ...
1	The screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time
2	The screenwriters
2	dig themselves in deeper every time
2	dig themselves in
2	dig themselves
3	deeper every time
2	every time
1	they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ...
2	toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ...
1	toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry
1	toss logic and science
2	logic and science
2	logic and
2	into what is essentially a `` Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry
2	what is essentially a `` Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry
1	is essentially a `` Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry
2	is essentially
2	a `` Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry
2	a `` Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy
2	`` Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy
2	Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy
2	Dungeons and Dragons
2	Dungeons and
2	'' fantasy
2	with modern military weaponry
2	modern military weaponry
2	military weaponry
2	More than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology ...
3	More than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution
3	More than simply a portrait
2	than simply a portrait
2	simply a portrait
2	a portrait
2	of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution
2	early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution
2	early extreme sports ,
2	early extreme sports
2	extreme sports
3	this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution
2	this peek
2	into the 1970s skateboard revolution
2	the 1970s skateboard revolution
2	1970s skateboard revolution
2	skateboard revolution
2	is a skateboard film as social anthropology ...
2	is a skateboard film as social anthropology
2	a skateboard film as social anthropology
2	a skateboard film
2	skateboard film
2	as social anthropology
2	social anthropology
4	What I saw , I enjoyed .
2	What I saw
2	I saw
4	, I enjoyed .
3	I enjoyed .
3	enjoyed .
3	The level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with Washington the actor .
2	The level of acting
2	The level
2	of acting
3	elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with Washington the actor .
3	elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with Washington the actor
3	elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with Washington
3	elevates the material above pat inspirational status and
3	elevates the material above pat inspirational status
2	the material above pat inspirational status
2	the material
3	above pat inspirational status
2	pat inspirational status
4	inspirational status
3	gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with Washington
2	gives it
3	a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with Washington
3	a sturdiness and solidity
2	sturdiness and solidity
2	sturdiness and
2	that we 've long associated with Washington
2	we 've long associated with Washington
2	've long associated with Washington
2	've long
2	associated with Washington
2	with Washington
2	the actor
3	A deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .
4	A deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph
2	A deft ,
3	A deft
3	delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph
3	delightful mix
3	of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph
2	sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph
1	sulky teen drama and
1	sulky teen drama
2	teen drama
3	overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph
3	sports-movie triumph
3	Daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , Biggie and Tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .
4	Daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty
4	perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty
3	, taut , piercing and feisty
2	taut , piercing and feisty
2	, piercing and feisty
3	piercing and feisty
2	piercing and
2	, Biggie and Tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .
3	Biggie and Tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .
2	Biggie and Tupac
2	Biggie and
3	is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .
3	is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation
4	undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation
2	undeniably subversive and
2	undeniably subversive
3	involving in its bold presentation
3	in its bold presentation
3	its bold presentation
3	bold presentation
3	Delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .
3	more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .
2	more than its fair share of saucy
3	than its fair share of saucy
2	its fair share of saucy
2	its fair share
2	fair share
3	of saucy
3	hilarity .
3	A fairly enjoyable mixture of Longest Yard ... and the 1999 Guy Ritchie caper Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels .
3	A fairly enjoyable mixture of Longest Yard ... and the 1999 Guy Ritchie
3	A fairly enjoyable mixture
3	fairly enjoyable mixture
3	fairly enjoyable
2	of Longest Yard ... and the 1999 Guy Ritchie
2	Longest Yard ... and the 1999 Guy Ritchie
2	Longest Yard ... and
2	Longest Yard ...
2	Longest Yard
2	the 1999 Guy Ritchie
2	1999 Guy Ritchie
2	Guy Ritchie
2	caper Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels .
2	caper Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels
2	Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels
2	Lock Stock and
2	Lock Stock
2	Two Smoking Barrels
2	Smoking Barrels
3	Happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .
1	, some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .
2	some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .
2	some things
2	are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .
3	are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude
2	immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude
2	to the folly of changing taste and attitude
2	the folly of changing taste and attitude
2	the folly
2	of changing taste and attitude
2	changing taste and attitude
2	taste and attitude
2	taste and
3	For proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet .
3	For proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls
3	proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls
3	of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls
3	that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls
3	on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls
3	on the cinematic front
2	the cinematic front
2	cinematic front
3	, look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls
2	look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls
2	look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film
3	look no further
2	no further
2	than this 20th anniversary edition of the film
3	this 20th anniversary edition of the film
2	this 20th anniversary edition
3	20th anniversary edition
2	anniversary edition
2	of the film
2	the film
2	that Spielberg calls
2	Spielberg calls
3	, retrospectively , his most personal work yet .
3	retrospectively , his most personal work yet .
3	, his most personal work yet .
3	his most personal work yet .
3	his most personal
3	most personal
2	work yet .
2	work yet
4	Hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
4	Hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves
4	entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves
3	from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves
3	start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves
3	to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves
2	finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves
2	finish ,
2	featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves
2	featuring a fall
1	a fall
3	from grace that still leaves shockwaves
3	grace that still leaves shockwaves
2	that still leaves shockwaves
3	still leaves shockwaves
3	leaves shockwaves
2	, it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
3	it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
3	will gratify anyone who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
2	will gratify anyone who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
3	gratify anyone who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
1	anyone who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
2	who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
1	has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
2	has ever
2	suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
2	Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
0	of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
2	being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
1	overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
1	by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
1	corrupt and hedonistic weasels
2	corrupt and hedonistic
2	corrupt and
3	It 's not like having a real film of Nijinsky , but at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .
2	It 's not like having a real film of Nijinsky , but at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered
2	It 's not like having a real film of Nijinsky , but
1	It 's not like having a real film of Nijinsky ,
1	It 's not like having a real film of Nijinsky
1	's not like having a real film of Nijinsky
2	's not
3	like having a real film of Nijinsky
2	having a real film of Nijinsky
2	a real film of Nijinsky
3	a real film
3	real film
3	of Nijinsky
3	at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered
2	at least
3	it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered
2	's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered
3	's better
2	than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered
2	that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered
2	eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered
2	1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered
2	1980 biopic
2	that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered
2	used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered
2	used soap in the places
1	used soap
2	in the places
2	the places
2	where the mysteries lingered
2	the mysteries lingered
2	the mysteries
3	It 's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits .
2	's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits .
3	's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits
2	's probably worth
2	's probably
3	catching solely on its visual merits
2	catching solely
2	on its visual merits
3	its visual merits
3	visual merits
1	If only it had the story to match .
2	only it had the story to match .
2	only it had the story to match
2	it had the story to match
2	had the story to match
2	the story to match
2	story to match
2	to match
2	Like other great documentaries ... this goes after one truth -LRB- the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers -RRB- and stumbles upon others even more compelling .
3	Like other great documentaries
3	other great documentaries
3	great documentaries
4	... this goes after one truth -LRB- the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers -RRB- and stumbles upon others even more compelling .
3	this goes after one truth -LRB- the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers -RRB- and stumbles upon others even more compelling .
2	goes after one truth -LRB- the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers -RRB- and stumbles upon others even more compelling .
1	goes after one truth -LRB- the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers -RRB- and stumbles upon others even more compelling
2	after one truth -LRB- the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers -RRB- and stumbles upon others even more compelling
2	one truth -LRB- the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers -RRB- and stumbles upon others even more compelling
2	one truth -LRB- the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers -RRB- and
2	one truth -LRB- the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers -RRB-
1	one truth -LRB- the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers
2	one truth -LRB-
2	one truth
1	the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers
2	the Ford administration 's complicity
2	the Ford administration 's
2	Ford administration 's
2	administration 's
2	in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers
1	tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers
2	tearing ` orphans '
1	tearing ` orphans
2	tearing `
2	from their mothers
2	their mothers
2	stumbles upon others even more compelling
2	upon others even more compelling
2	others even more compelling
3	even more compelling
3	more compelling
2	... only Bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction .
2	only Bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction .
2	only Bond
2	can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction .
2	can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction
2	save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction
2	save us
1	from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction
2	the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction
2	the latest eccentric ,
3	the latest eccentric
3	latest eccentric
1	super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction
2	super-wealthy megalomaniac bent
2	megalomaniac bent
3	on world domination and destruction
2	world domination and destruction
1	domination and destruction
2	domination and
2	The first half bursts with a goofy energy previous Disney films only used for a few minutes here and there .
2	The first half
2	first half
3	bursts with a goofy energy previous Disney films only used for a few minutes here and there .
3	bursts with a goofy energy previous Disney films only used for a few minutes here and there
3	bursts with a goofy energy
3	with a goofy energy
3	a goofy energy
2	goofy energy
2	previous Disney films only used for a few minutes here and there
3	previous Disney films
3	Disney films
2	only used for a few minutes here and there
2	used for a few minutes here and there
2	for a few minutes here and there
2	a few minutes here and there
2	a few minutes
2	few minutes
2	here and there
2	here and
1	It 's quite diverting nonsense .
2	's quite diverting nonsense .
1	's quite diverting nonsense
2	quite diverting nonsense
2	quite diverting
3	An old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .
3	An old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed
3	An old-fashioned scary movie ,
2	An old-fashioned scary movie
3	old-fashioned scary movie
2	scary movie
2	one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed
3	that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed
2	relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed
3	on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed
3	lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed
2	lingering terror
2	punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed
3	punctuated by sudden shocks
2	by sudden shocks
2	sudden shocks
2	and not constant bloodshed
3	not constant bloodshed
2	constant bloodshed
2	punctuated by flying guts .
1	punctuated by flying guts
2	by flying guts
2	flying guts
3	For all the wit and hoopla , Festival In Cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
3	For all the wit and hoopla
2	all the wit and hoopla
3	the wit and hoopla
3	wit and hoopla
2	wit and
3	, Festival In Cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
3	Festival In Cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
3	In Cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
2	In Cannes
3	offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
3	offers rare insight into the structure of relationships
3	offers rare insight
3	rare insight
3	into the structure of relationships
2	the structure of relationships
2	the structure
2	of relationships
4	What makes How I Killed My Father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .
2	What makes How I Killed My Father compelling
2	makes How I Killed My Father compelling
3	How I Killed My Father compelling
3	I Killed My Father compelling
2	Killed My Father compelling
2	My Father compelling
2	My Father
3	, besides its terrific performances , is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .
4	besides its terrific performances , is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .
4	besides its terrific performances
4	its terrific performances
3	terrific performances
2	, is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .
3	is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .
3	is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching
3	Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching
2	Fontaine 's
3	willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching
3	to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching
1	wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching
1	wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships
2	into the dark areas of parent-child relationships
1	the dark areas of parent-child relationships
2	the dark areas
1	dark areas
2	of parent-child relationships
2	parent-child relationships
2	without flinching
2	Renner ?
2	s face is chillingly unemotive , yet he communicates a great deal in his performance .
3	s face is chillingly unemotive , yet he communicates a great deal in his performance
1	s face is chillingly unemotive , yet
3	s face is chillingly unemotive ,
2	s face is chillingly unemotive
1	face is chillingly unemotive
2	is chillingly unemotive
2	chillingly unemotive
4	he communicates a great deal in his performance
3	communicates a great deal in his performance
2	a great deal in his performance
3	a great deal
3	great deal
2	in his performance
2	his performance
3	See it for his performance if nothing else .
3	See it for his performance if nothing else
3	See it
2	for his performance if nothing else
2	his performance if nothing else
2	his performance
2	if nothing else
2	nothing else
4	... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
4	the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
4	the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids
2	the kind
3	of entertainment that parents love to have their kids
4	entertainment that parents love to have their kids
2	that parents love to have their kids
4	parents love to have their kids
3	love to have their kids
3	to have their kids
2	have their kids
2	their kids
2	see .
4	It 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
3	's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
4	's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism
4	a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism
3	a fine , focused piece of work
3	a fine , focused piece
4	fine , focused piece
3	fine , focused
2	, focused
2	of work
3	that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism
3	reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism
3	reopens an interesting controversy and
2	reopens an interesting controversy
3	an interesting controversy
3	interesting controversy
3	never succumbs to sensationalism
3	succumbs to sensationalism
2	to sensationalism
4	Its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads .
3	Its engaging simplicity
3	engaging simplicity
2	is driven by appealing leads .
3	is driven by appealing leads
3	driven by appealing leads
2	by appealing leads
3	appealing leads
4	Swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds .
3	Swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
3	is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
3	above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
3	all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
3	about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
2	about a young woman 's face
2	a young woman 's face
2	a young woman 's
2	young woman 's
2	woman 's
3	, and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
3	, and
3	by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
2	casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
3	an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
3	an actress
2	whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
2	whose face
2	projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
2	projects that woman 's doubts and
2	projects that woman 's doubts
1	that woman 's doubts
2	that woman 's
2	woman 's
4	, it succeeds .
3	it succeeds .
4	succeeds .
2	A respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain Trek films ... cross over to a more mainstream audience .
2	A respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain Trek films ... cross over to a more mainstream audience
3	A respectable venture on its own terms ,
3	A respectable venture on its own terms
2	A respectable venture
2	respectable venture
2	on its own terms
2	its own terms
2	own terms
2	lacking the broader vision that has seen certain Trek films ... cross over to a more mainstream audience
1	lacking the broader vision that has seen certain Trek films ...
1	lacking the broader vision that has seen certain Trek films
3	the broader vision that has seen certain Trek films
2	the broader vision
3	broader vision
2	that has seen certain Trek films
2	has seen certain Trek films
2	seen certain Trek films
2	certain Trek films
2	Trek films
2	cross over to a more mainstream audience
2	cross over
2	to a more mainstream audience
2	a more mainstream audience
2	more mainstream audience
2	more mainstream
3	It 's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids .
2	's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids .
4	's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids
3	weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids
3	weird , wonderful
4	, wonderful
2	, and not necessarily for kids
2	and not necessarily for kids
2	not necessarily for kids
2	necessarily for kids
2	for kids
3	An elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication .
4	An elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication
2	An elegant film
4	elegant film
4	with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication
3	often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication
3	often surprising twists and
3	often surprising twists
3	often surprising
3	an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication
2	an intermingling
3	of naiveté and sophistication
3	naiveté and sophistication
1	naiveté and
3	Blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances .
3	Blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances
4	with two fine , nuanced lead performances
3	two fine , nuanced lead performances
3	fine , nuanced lead performances
2	fine , nuanced
3	, nuanced
3	lead performances
2	While this has the making of melodrama , the filmmaker cuts against this natural grain , producing a work that 's more interested in asking questions than in answering them .
2	While this has the making of melodrama
2	this has the making of melodrama
2	has the making of melodrama
1	the making of melodrama
2	the making
2	of melodrama
2	, the filmmaker cuts against this natural grain , producing a work that 's more interested in asking questions than in answering them .
2	the filmmaker cuts against this natural grain , producing a work that 's more interested in asking questions than in answering them .
2	the filmmaker
2	cuts against this natural grain , producing a work that 's more interested in asking questions than in answering them .
3	cuts against this natural grain , producing a work that 's more interested in asking questions than in answering them
1	cuts against this natural grain ,
2	cuts against this natural grain
1	against this natural grain
3	this natural grain
2	natural grain
2	producing a work that 's more interested in asking questions than in answering them
1	a work that 's more interested in asking questions than in answering them
2	a work
2	that 's more interested in asking questions than in answering them
2	's more interested in asking questions than in answering them
2	more interested in asking questions than in answering them
2	more interested in asking questions
2	interested in asking questions
2	in asking questions
2	asking questions
2	than in answering them
3	in answering them
2	answering them
4	As a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , Kissing Jessica Steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .
3	As a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy
2	a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy
3	girl-meets-girl romantic comedy
2	romantic comedy
4	, Kissing Jessica Steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .
4	Kissing Jessica Steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .
2	Kissing Jessica
3	Steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .
3	Steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious
4	quirky , charming and often hilarious
3	quirky , charming and
3	quirky , charming
2	quirky ,
4	often hilarious
1	Yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
1	it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
1	's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
2	's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe
2	's not
2	quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe
3	quite the genre-busting film
2	the genre-busting film
4	genre-busting film
1	it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe
1	's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe
1	been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe
2	hyped to be because it plays everything too safe
1	to be because it plays everything too safe
2	be because it plays everything too safe
1	because it plays everything too safe
1	it plays everything too safe
2	plays everything too safe
1	everything too safe
1	too safe
1	You do n't need to know your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California .
2	do n't need to know your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California .
0	do n't need to know your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California
2	do n't
2	need to know your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California
1	to know your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California
2	know your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California
1	your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California
2	your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J
2	your Ice-T 's
2	Ice-T 's
2	from your Cool-J
2	your Cool-J
1	's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California
1	to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California
2	realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California
1	that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California
1	as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California
2	as far as these shootings are concerned
2	as far
2	as these shootings are concerned
2	these shootings are concerned
2	these shootings
2	are concerned
1	, something is rotten in the state of California
1	something is rotten in the state of California
1	is rotten in the state of California
1	rotten in the state of California
2	in the state of California
2	the state of California
2	the state
3	of California
4	Turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
4	is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
3	fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
4	fabulously funny and
4	fabulously funny
2	over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
2	the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
2	the top
3	as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
2	a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
2	a ` very sneaky ' butler
2	` very sneaky ' butler
2	very sneaky ' butler
2	very sneaky
2	' butler
3	who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
4	excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
3	in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
2	the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
2	the art
1	of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
2	impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
2	impossible disappearing\/reappearing
2	Meant for Star Wars fans .
2	Meant for Star Wars fans
2	for Star Wars fans
2	Star Wars fans
2	Wars fans
2	It is there to give them a good time .
3	is there to give them a good time .
3	is there to give them a good time
3	there to give them a good time
3	to give them a good time
3	give them a good time
2	give them
3	a good time
3	good time
4	From a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving French drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
2	From a deceptively simple premise
3	a deceptively simple premise
2	deceptively simple premise
2	deceptively simple
3	, this deeply moving French drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
3	this deeply moving French drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
3	this deeply moving French drama
3	deeply moving French drama
3	deeply moving
2	French drama
3	develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
3	develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times
3	a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times
2	a startling story
3	startling story
3	that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times
3	works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times
2	both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times
3	as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times
2	as a detailed personal portrait and
3	as a detailed personal portrait
3	a detailed personal portrait
3	detailed personal portrait
2	personal portrait
2	as a rather frightening examination of modern times
2	a rather frightening examination of modern times
2	a rather frightening examination
2	rather frightening examination
1	rather frightening
2	of modern times
2	modern times
4	Simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular New Yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .
3	Simply and eloquently
2	Simply and
3	articulates the tangled feelings of particular New Yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .
3	articulates the tangled feelings of particular New Yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy
2	the tangled feelings of particular New Yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy
2	the tangled feelings
2	tangled feelings
2	of particular New Yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy
3	particular New Yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy
2	particular New Yorkers
2	New Yorkers
2	deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy
1	touched by an unprecedented tragedy
2	by an unprecedented tragedy
1	an unprecedented tragedy
2	unprecedented tragedy
4	Provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the Holocaust .
4	Provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the Holocaust
3	a very moving and revelatory footnote to the Holocaust
3	a very moving and revelatory footnote
3	very moving and revelatory footnote
3	very moving and revelatory
4	moving and revelatory
2	moving and
2	to the Holocaust
1	the Holocaust
4	Terrific performances , great to look at , and funny .
4	Terrific performances , great to look at , and funny
4	performances , great to look at , and funny
4	, great to look at , and funny
3	great to look at , and funny
4	great to look at
2	to look at
2	look at
3	, and funny
3	, and
3	A little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr .
3	A little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr
2	A little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but
1	A little uneven to be the cat 's meow ,
1	A little uneven to be the cat 's meow
2	A little uneven
1	little uneven
4	to be the cat 's meow
3	be the cat 's meow
4	the cat 's meow
2	the cat 's
2	cat 's
4	it 's good enough to be the purr
3	's good enough to be the purr
3	good enough to be the purr
3	good enough
2	to be the purr
2	be the purr
2	the purr
4	It 's a compelling and horrifying story , and The Laramie Project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in America .
3	It 's a compelling and horrifying story , and The Laramie Project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in America
3	It 's a compelling and horrifying story , and
2	It 's a compelling and horrifying story ,
3	It 's a compelling and horrifying story
3	's a compelling and horrifying story
3	a compelling and horrifying story
3	compelling and horrifying story
3	compelling and horrifying
4	compelling and
3	The Laramie Project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in America
2	The Laramie Project
2	Laramie Project
3	is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in America
3	worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in America
2	for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in America
2	reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in America
2	reminding us
2	that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in America
2	this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in America
2	this sort of thing
2	this sort
2	of thing
2	does , in fact , still happen in America
2	does , in fact ,
2	does , in fact
2	does ,
2	in fact
2	still happen in America
2	happen in America
2	in America
3	I like it .
2	like it .
3	like it
3	There is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane .
2	is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane .
2	is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane
2	a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane
3	a freedom
2	to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane
2	watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane
2	stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane
1	that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane
2	are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane
1	this crude , this fast-paced and this insane
2	this crude , this fast-paced and
2	this crude , this fast-paced
0	this crude ,
0	this crude
3	this fast-paced
1	this insane
4	That rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .
4	That rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film
3	That rare documentary that incorporates so much
3	That rare documentary
3	rare documentary
2	that incorporates so much
3	incorporates so much
2	so much
3	of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film
4	human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film
3	human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise --
2	human experience
3	-- drama , conflict , tears and surprise --
3	drama , conflict , tears and surprise --
3	drama , conflict , tears and surprise
2	drama , conflict , tears and
2	drama , conflict , tears
3	drama , conflict ,
2	drama , conflict
1	drama ,
3	that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film
3	it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film
3	transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film
2	the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film
2	the normal divisions
2	normal divisions
2	between fiction and nonfiction film
2	fiction and nonfiction film
2	and nonfiction film
2	nonfiction film
4	That rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .
4	That rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults
3	That rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as
3	That rare movie that works on any number of levels --
4	That rare movie that works on any number of levels
3	That rare movie
3	rare movie
3	that works on any number of levels
4	works on any number of levels
2	on any number of levels
2	any number of levels
2	any number
2	of levels
4	a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults
2	a film
4	of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults
4	magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults
3	magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death ,
4	magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death
3	magic and whimsy
2	magic and
2	for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death
3	children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death
3	children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and
3	children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers
2	children ,
3	a heartfelt romance for teenagers
4	a heartfelt romance
3	heartfelt romance
2	for teenagers
3	a compelling argument about death
2	a compelling argument
2	compelling argument
1	about death
2	both pro and con , for adults
2	pro and con , for adults
1	and con , for adults
2	con , for adults
2	, for adults
2	for adults
3	It 's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen .
2	's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen .
3	's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen
2	's both degrading and strangely liberating
2	both degrading and strangely liberating
3	degrading and strangely liberating
1	degrading and
3	strangely liberating
3	to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen
2	see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen
2	see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue ,
3	see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue
2	see people
2	working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue
2	so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue
2	hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue
3	at leading lives of sexy intrigue
2	leading lives of sexy intrigue
2	leading lives
3	of sexy intrigue
3	sexy intrigue
2	only to be revealed by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen
1	to be revealed by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen
1	be revealed by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen
2	revealed by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen
1	by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen
1	the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen
1	the dispassionate Gantz brothers
2	dispassionate Gantz brothers
2	Gantz brothers
2	as ordinary , pasty lumpen
1	ordinary , pasty lumpen
1	, pasty lumpen
2	pasty lumpen
3	A sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really is n't .
4	A sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,
3	A sharp and quick documentary
3	sharp and quick documentary
3	sharp and quick
3	sharp and
3	that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,
3	is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,
4	is funny and pithy ,
4	is funny and pithy
3	funny and pithy
3	funny and
3	while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,
3	illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,
3	an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,
2	an era
2	of theatrical comedy that , while past ,
2	theatrical comedy that , while past ,
2	theatrical comedy
2	that , while past ,
2	, while past ,
2	while past ,
2	past ,
2	really is n't .
1	is n't .
1	is n't
4	The film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
2	The film
3	does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
3	does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence
3	does a solid job of slowly ,
3	does a solid job of slowly
3	does a solid job
2	a solid job
3	solid job
2	of slowly
2	steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence
3	building up to the climactic burst of violence
2	building up
3	to the climactic burst of violence
1	the climactic burst of violence
2	the climactic burst
3	climactic burst
2	of violence
3	Fred Schepisi 's tale of four Englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .
2	Fred Schepisi 's tale of four Englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality
2	Fred Schepisi 's tale
2	Fred Schepisi 's
2	Schepisi 's
1	of four Englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality
2	four Englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality
2	four Englishmen
2	facing the prospect of their own mortality
3	the prospect of their own mortality
2	the prospect
2	of their own mortality
3	their own mortality
2	own mortality
3	views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .
3	views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point
3	youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point
2	youthful affluence not as
3	youthful affluence
2	not as
2	a lost ideal but a starting point
1	a lost ideal
1	lost ideal
2	but a starting point
2	a starting point
2	starting point
2	The directive to protect the code at all costs also begins to blur as the importance of the man and the code merge
3	The directive to protect the code at all costs also
2	directive to protect the code at all costs also
2	to protect the code at all costs also
2	protect the code at all costs also
2	protect the code at all costs
2	protect the code
2	the code
2	at all costs
2	all costs
2	begins to blur as the importance of the man and the code merge
2	to blur as the importance of the man and the code merge
2	blur as the importance of the man and the code merge
2	as the importance of the man and the code merge
3	the importance of the man and the code merge
2	the importance of the man and the code
2	the importance
2	of the man and the code
2	the man and the code
3	the man and
3	the man
2	the code
4	Overall , Cletis Tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
4	, Cletis Tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
4	Cletis Tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
2	Cletis Tout
4	is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
3	is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone
4	a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone
4	a winning comedy
3	winning comedy
3	that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone
4	excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone
3	excites the imagination and
3	excites the imagination
3	the imagination
4	tickles the funny bone
3	the funny bone
3	funny bone
4	Easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .
4	Easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year
4	Easily one of the best and most exciting movies
2	Easily one
4	of the best and most exciting movies
3	the best and most exciting movies
4	best and most exciting movies
4	best and most exciting
4	best and
4	most exciting
2	of the year
2	the year
3	The script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .
2	The script
4	manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .
3	manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar
3	the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar
2	the rare trick
3	rare trick
3	of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar
3	seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar
3	at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar
3	at once both refreshingly different and
4	at once both refreshingly different
2	at once
3	both refreshingly different
2	refreshingly different
3	reassuringly familiar
3	An engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .
3	An engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement
3	An engaging ,
3	An engaging
3	formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement
2	formulaic sports drama
2	sports drama
3	that carries a charge of genuine excitement
3	carries a charge of genuine excitement
4	a charge of genuine excitement
2	a charge
4	of genuine excitement
4	genuine excitement
4	Insomnia is one of the year 's best films and Pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances .
4	Insomnia is one of the year 's best films and Pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances
4	Insomnia is one of the year 's best films and
4	Insomnia is one of the year 's best films
4	is one of the year 's best films
4	one of the year 's best films
3	of the year 's best films
4	the year 's best films
2	the year 's
2	year 's
4	best films
3	Pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances
4	gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances
4	one of his most daring , and complicated , performances
3	of his most daring , and complicated , performances
4	his most daring , and complicated , performances
3	most daring , and complicated , performances
2	most daring , and complicated ,
3	most daring , and complicated
3	most daring , and
3	most daring ,
3	most daring
4	Like Vardalos and Corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by Joel Zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .
4	Like Vardalos and Corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm
3	Vardalos and Corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm
2	Vardalos and Corbett ,
2	Vardalos and Corbett
2	Vardalos and
4	who play their roles with vibrant charm
4	play their roles with vibrant charm
2	play their roles
2	their roles
3	with vibrant charm
3	vibrant charm
3	, the film , directed by Joel Zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .
4	the film , directed by Joel Zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .
2	the film , directed by Joel Zwick ,
2	the film , directed by Joel Zwick
2	the film ,
2	the film
2	directed by Joel Zwick
2	by Joel Zwick
2	Joel Zwick
4	is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .
4	is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake
4	is heartfelt and hilarious
4	heartfelt and hilarious
3	heartfelt and
2	in ways you ca n't fake
2	ways you ca n't fake
2	you ca n't fake
2	ca n't fake
2	ca n't
3	I do n't know if Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie .
4	I do n't know if Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie
3	I do n't know if Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director , but
2	I do n't know if Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director ,
2	I do n't know if Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director
1	do n't know if Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director
2	do n't
2	know if Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director
3	if Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director
4	Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director
4	will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director
3	turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director
2	turn Bill Paxton
2	Bill Paxton
3	into an A-list director
3	an A-list director
3	A-list director
4	he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie
4	can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie
4	rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie
2	rest contentedly with the knowledge
2	rest contentedly
2	with the knowledge
2	the knowledge
4	that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie
4	he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie
3	's made at least one damn fine horror movie
4	made at least one damn fine horror movie
4	at least one damn fine horror movie
3	at least one damn fine
2	at least one
2	at least
4	damn fine
2	horror movie
3	Despite its flaws ... Belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
2	Despite its flaws
1	its flaws
3	... Belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
3	Belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
3	is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
4	is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn
2	is still
4	able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn
4	to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn
4	create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn
4	an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn
3	an engaging story
3	engaging story
3	that keeps you guessing at almost every turn
3	keeps you guessing at almost every turn
2	you guessing at almost every turn
3	guessing at almost every turn
2	at almost every turn
2	almost every turn
2	every turn
2	Each punch seen through prison bars , the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs. man as Brother-Man vs. The Man .
2	Each punch seen through prison bars
2	Each punch
2	seen through prison bars
2	through prison bars
2	prison bars
2	, the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs. man as Brother-Man vs. The Man .
2	the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs. man as Brother-Man vs. The Man .
2	the fights
2	become not so much a struggle of man vs. man as Brother-Man vs. The Man .
2	become not so much a struggle of man vs. man as Brother-Man vs. The Man
2	not so much a struggle of man vs. man as Brother-Man vs. The Man
2	so much a struggle of man vs. man as Brother-Man vs. The Man
2	so much
2	a struggle of man vs. man as Brother-Man vs. The Man
2	a struggle of man vs.
2	a struggle of man
2	a struggle
2	of man
2	man as Brother-Man vs. The Man
2	as Brother-Man vs. The Man
2	Brother-Man vs. The Man
2	vs. The Man
2	The Man
3	The evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .
4	The evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear
4	The evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious --
3	The evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious
3	The evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film
3	The evocative imagery and
3	The evocative imagery
3	evocative imagery
3	gentle , lapping rhythms of this film
3	gentle , lapping rhythms
3	gentle , lapping
2	, lapping
2	of this film
2	this film
3	are infectious
2	it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear
4	gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear
3	gets under our skin and draws us in long
3	gets under our skin and
2	gets under our skin
1	under our skin
2	our skin
3	draws us in long
3	draws us in
2	draws us
3	before the plot kicks into gear
3	the plot kicks into gear
2	the plot
3	kicks into gear
2	into gear
4	Like the best of Godard 's movies ... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
3	Like the best of Godard 's movies
4	the best of Godard 's movies
4	the best
2	of Godard 's movies
2	Godard 's movies
2	Godard 's
4	... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
3	it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
3	is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
4	is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable
4	is visually ravishing ,
3	is visually ravishing
4	visually ravishing
3	penetrating , impenetrable
3	penetrating ,
3	Horns and Halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
2	Horns and Halos
2	Horns and
3	benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
3	benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth
3	benefits from serendipity but
3	benefits from serendipity
2	from serendipity
3	also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth
3	reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth
3	reminds us of our own responsibility
2	reminds us
2	of our own responsibility
2	our own responsibility
2	own responsibility
2	to question what is told as the truth
2	question what is told as the truth
2	what is told as the truth
3	is told as the truth
2	told as the truth
2	as the truth
2	the truth
3	-LRB- Has -RRB- an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 's all true .
4	-LRB- Has -RRB- an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it
2	-LRB- Has -RRB- an immediacy and
3	-LRB- Has -RRB- an immediacy
2	-LRB- Has -RRB-
2	Has -RRB-
2	an immediacy
4	an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it
3	an intimacy
4	that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it
3	sucks you in and dares you not to believe it
3	sucks you in and
3	sucks you in
3	sucks you
2	dares you not to believe it
2	you not to believe it
1	not to believe it
2	to believe it
3	believe it
2	's all true .
2	's all true
2	's all
3	It treats Ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .
4	treats Ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .
3	treats Ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film
2	treats Ana 's journey
2	Ana 's journey
2	Ana 's
3	with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film
4	honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film
2	that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film
1	is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film
1	is tragically
3	rare in the depiction of young women in film
2	in the depiction of young women in film
2	the depiction of young women in film
2	the depiction
2	of young women in film
2	young women in film
2	young women
2	in film
3	Captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper .
3	Captivates as it
2	as it
1	shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper .
3	shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper
3	shows excess in business and pleasure ,
3	shows excess in business and pleasure
2	excess in business and pleasure
2	in business and pleasure
3	business and pleasure
2	business and
3	allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper
3	allowing us to find the small , human moments , and
3	allowing us to find the small , human moments ,
2	allowing us to find the small , human moments
2	us to find the small , human moments
3	to find the small , human moments
3	find the small , human moments
3	the small , human moments
3	small , human moments
3	, human moments
3	human moments
2	leaving off with a grand whimper
2	leaving off
1	with a grand whimper
1	a grand whimper
2	grand whimper
4	A refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale .
3	A refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale
3	A refreshingly realistic , affectation-free
3	refreshingly realistic , affectation-free
3	refreshingly realistic ,
4	refreshingly realistic
2	coming-of-age tale
3	How good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not .
2	How good this film might be
3	How good
2	this film might be
2	this film
2	might be
2	, depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not .
2	depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not .
2	depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not
2	if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not
1	if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or
2	if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge
1	you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge
2	believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge
1	that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge
1	the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge
3	the shocking conclusion
2	shocking conclusion
1	is too much of a plunge
1	too much of a plunge
1	much of a plunge
2	of a plunge
2	a plunge
3	Great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex .
4	Great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex
4	Great fun
2	both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex
2	for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex
2	for sports aficionados and
2	for sports aficionados
3	sports aficionados
1	for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex
2	ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex
2	ordinary louts
2	whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex
2	whose idea of exercise
2	whose idea
2	of exercise
2	is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex
2	climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex
2	the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex
2	the steps
2	of a stadium-seat megaplex
3	a stadium-seat megaplex
2	stadium-seat megaplex
4	Features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .
4	Features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair
2	Features one
3	of the most affecting depictions of a love affair
3	the most affecting depictions of a love affair
2	the most
2	affecting depictions of a love affair
2	depictions of a love affair
3	of a love affair
3	a love affair
3	love affair
2	ever committed to film .
2	committed to film .
3	committed to film
2	to film
1	To honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to American workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .
2	To honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to American workers
3	honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to American workers
2	address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to American workers
2	the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to American workers
1	the flaws
3	inherent in how medical aid is made available to American workers
2	in how medical aid is made available to American workers
2	how medical aid is made available to American workers
2	medical aid is made available to American workers
2	medical aid
2	is made available to American workers
2	made available to American workers
2	available to American workers
2	to American workers
2	American workers
2	, a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .
2	a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .
3	a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides
3	a more balanced or fair portrayal
3	more balanced or fair portrayal
2	more balanced or fair
3	balanced or fair
2	balanced or
2	of both sides
2	both sides
2	will be needed .
2	will be needed
2	be needed
4	One of the best movies of the year .
4	One of the best movies of the year
4	of the best movies of the year
4	the best movies of the year
4	the best movies
3	best movies
2	of the year
2	the year
3	The usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director Michael Apted and writer Tom Stoppard .
3	The usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably
2	The usual movie rah-rah ,
1	The usual movie rah-rah
2	usual movie rah-rah
2	movie rah-rah
3	pleasantly and predictably
3	pleasantly and
2	delivered in low-key style by director Michael Apted and writer Tom Stoppard .
2	delivered in low-key style by director Michael Apted and writer Tom Stoppard
3	delivered in low-key style
2	in low-key style
2	low-key style
2	by director Michael Apted and writer Tom Stoppard
2	director Michael Apted and writer Tom Stoppard
2	director Michael Apted and
2	director Michael Apted
2	Michael Apted
2	writer Tom Stoppard
2	Tom Stoppard
3	A superlative B movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing .
3	A superlative B movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing
3	A superlative B movie --
4	A superlative B movie
2	superlative B movie
1	B movie
4	funny , sexy , and rousing
3	funny ,
4	sexy , and rousing
3	, and rousing
3	, and
3	Those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up .
3	Those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up
1	Those prone to indignation need not apply ;
1	Those prone to indignation need not apply
2	Those prone to indignation
2	prone to indignation
2	prone to
1	need not apply
2	need not
2	those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up
3	susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up
3	susceptible to blue hilarity ,
2	susceptible to blue hilarity
3	to blue hilarity
3	blue hilarity
2	step right up
2	right up
3	Like Mike is n't going to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience -LRB- young Bow Wow fans -RRB- - with nothing but net .
3	Like Mike is n't going to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience -LRB- young Bow Wow fans -RRB- - with nothing but net
2	Like Mike is n't going to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous , but
2	Like Mike is n't going to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous ,
1	Like Mike is n't going to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous
2	Like Mike
1	is n't going to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous
1	is n't
3	going to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous
3	to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous
3	make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous
3	box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous
2	box office money
2	office money
1	that makes Michael Jordan jealous
2	makes Michael Jordan jealous
2	Michael Jordan jealous
1	Jordan jealous
3	it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience -LRB- young Bow Wow fans -RRB- - with nothing but net
3	has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience -LRB- young Bow Wow fans -RRB- - with nothing but net
3	has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience -LRB- young Bow Wow fans -RRB- -
3	some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience -LRB- young Bow Wow fans -RRB- -
3	some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience -LRB- young Bow Wow fans -RRB-
3	some cute moments , funny scenes , and
3	some cute moments , funny scenes ,
3	some cute moments , funny scenes
3	some cute moments ,
3	some cute moments
3	cute moments
3	funny scenes
3	hits the target audience -LRB- young Bow Wow fans -RRB-
2	the target audience -LRB- young Bow Wow fans -RRB-
2	the target audience -LRB- young Bow Wow fans
2	the target audience -LRB-
2	the target audience
2	target audience
2	young Bow Wow fans
2	Bow Wow fans
4	Wow fans
3	with nothing but net
4	nothing but net
2	but net
4	-LRB- Dong -RRB- makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that Family Fundamentals gets you riled up .
4	-LRB- Dong -RRB- makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that Family Fundamentals gets you riled up
4	-LRB- Dong -RRB- makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and
3	-LRB- Dong -RRB- makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view ,
2	-LRB- Dong -RRB- makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view
2	-LRB- Dong -RRB-
2	Dong -RRB-
3	makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view
3	a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view
4	valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view
3	effort to understand everyone 's point of view
2	to understand everyone 's point of view
3	understand everyone 's point of view
2	everyone 's point of view
2	everyone 's point
3	everyone 's
2	of view
3	he does such a good job of it that Family Fundamentals gets you riled up
4	does such a good job of it that Family Fundamentals gets you riled up
3	does such a good job of it
3	such a good job of it
4	such a good job
4	a good job
4	good job
2	of it
2	that Family Fundamentals gets you riled up
4	Family Fundamentals gets you riled up
2	Family Fundamentals
3	gets you riled up
2	you riled up
2	riled up
3	The trick when watching Godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .
2	The trick when watching Godard
2	The trick
2	when watching Godard
2	watching Godard
3	is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .
3	is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them
3	to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them
3	catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them
3	catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and
4	catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images ,
3	catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images
2	catch the pitch of his poetics ,
2	catch the pitch of his poetics
2	the pitch of his poetics
2	the pitch
2	of his poetics
2	his poetics
3	savor the pleasure of his sounds and images
3	the pleasure of his sounds and images
3	the pleasure
2	of his sounds and images
2	his sounds and images
2	sounds and images
2	sounds and
2	ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them
2	the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them
3	the historical , philosophical , and
2	the historical , philosophical ,
3	the historical , philosophical
2	the historical ,
2	the historical
2	ethical issues that intersect with them
2	ethical issues
2	that intersect with them
2	intersect with them
2	with them
3	At its best , which occurs often , Michael Moore 's Bowling for Columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` Are we a sick society ? '
3	At its best , which occurs often
2	its best , which occurs often
3	its best ,
3	its best
2	which occurs often
2	occurs often
2	, Michael Moore 's Bowling for Columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` Are we a sick society ? '
3	Michael Moore 's Bowling for Columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` Are we a sick society ? '
2	Michael Moore 's Bowling for Columbine
2	Michael Moore 's Bowling
2	Michael Moore 's
2	Moore 's
2	for Columbine
2	rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` Are we a sick society ? '
2	rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` Are we a sick society ?
2	rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` Are we a sick society
2	the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` Are we a sick society
3	the muckraking , soul-searching spirit
2	muckraking , soul-searching spirit
2	, soul-searching spirit
2	soul-searching spirit
2	of the ` Are we a sick society
1	the ` Are we a sick society
2	the ` Are
2	` Are
1	we a sick society
2	a sick society
1	sick society
2	journalism of the 1960s .
2	journalism of the 1960s
2	of the 1960s
2	the 1960s
3	A modestly surprising movie .
3	A modestly surprising movie
3	modestly surprising movie
3	modestly surprising
3	A headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox Jews on the West Bank , Joseph Cedar 's Time Of Favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity .
3	A headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox Jews on the West Bank , Joseph Cedar 's Time Of Favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation
3	A headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox Jews on the West Bank , Joseph Cedar 's Time
3	A headline-fresh thriller
3	headline-fresh thriller
2	set among orthodox Jews on the West Bank , Joseph Cedar 's Time
2	set among orthodox Jews
2	among orthodox Jews
2	orthodox Jews
2	on the West Bank , Joseph Cedar 's Time
2	the West Bank , Joseph Cedar 's Time
2	the West Bank ,
2	the West Bank
2	West Bank
2	Joseph Cedar 's Time
2	Joseph Cedar 's
3	Cedar 's
3	Of Favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation
2	Of Favor
3	manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation
3	manages not only
2	not only
3	to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation
3	find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation
4	a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation
2	a compelling dramatic means
3	compelling dramatic means
3	compelling dramatic
2	of addressing a complex situation
2	addressing a complex situation
2	a complex situation
2	complex situation
3	, it does so without compromising that complexity .
3	it does so without compromising that complexity .
3	does so without compromising that complexity .
3	does so without compromising that complexity
2	does so
2	without compromising that complexity
1	compromising that complexity
2	that complexity
3	There 's a spontaneity to The Chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .
4	's a spontaneity to The Chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .
2	's a spontaneity to The Chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout
3	a spontaneity to The Chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout
3	a spontaneity
3	to The Chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout
3	The Chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout
2	The Chateau ,
2	The Chateau
4	a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout
2	a sense
3	of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout
3	light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout
2	light-heartedness ,
3	that makes it attractive throughout
3	makes it attractive throughout
3	it attractive throughout
4	attractive throughout
4	The first Tunisian film I have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment I 'm likely to see all year .
4	The first Tunisian film I have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment I 'm likely to see all year
2	The first Tunisian film I have ever seen , and
2	The first Tunisian film I have ever seen ,
2	The first Tunisian film I have ever seen
2	The first Tunisian film I
2	first Tunisian film I
2	Tunisian film I
2	film I
2	have ever seen
2	have ever
4	it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment I 'm likely to see all year
4	's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment I 'm likely to see all year
2	's also
4	probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment I 'm likely to see all year
4	probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment
4	the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment
4	most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment
3	most good-hearted yet sensual
4	most good-hearted yet
3	most good-hearted
3	I 'm likely to see all year
2	'm likely to see all year
3	likely to see all year
2	to see all year
2	see all year
2	all year
3	Like any good romance , Son of the Bride , proves it 's never too late to learn .
3	Like any good romance
2	any good romance
4	good romance
2	, Son of the Bride , proves it 's never too late to learn .
3	Son of the Bride , proves it 's never too late to learn .
2	Son of the Bride
2	of the Bride
2	the Bride
3	, proves it 's never too late to learn .
3	proves it 's never too late to learn .
3	proves it 's never too late to learn
2	it 's never too late to learn
3	's never too late to learn
2	's never too late
2	's never
1	too late
2	to learn
4	-LRB- Kline 's -RRB- utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it .
3	-LRB- Kline 's -RRB- utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it
3	-LRB- Kline 's -RRB- utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and
3	-LRB- Kline 's -RRB- utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code ,
4	-LRB- Kline 's -RRB- utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code
4	Kline 's -RRB- utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code
2	Kline 's
4	-RRB- utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code
3	utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code
4	utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing --
3	utterly convincing
4	-- and deeply appealing --
3	-- and deeply appealing
2	-- and
4	deeply appealing
3	as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code
3	a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code
2	a noble teacher
3	noble teacher
3	who embraces a strict moral code
2	embraces a strict moral code
2	a strict moral code
2	strict moral code
2	moral code
2	as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it
2	as a flawed human
1	a flawed human
2	flawed human
2	being who ca n't quite live up to it
1	who ca n't quite live up to it
0	ca n't quite live up to it
2	ca n't quite
2	ca n't
2	live up to it
2	live up
2	to it
3	The film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .
1	The film , while not exactly assured in its execution ,
2	The film , while not exactly assured in its execution
2	The film ,
2	The film
2	while not exactly assured in its execution
1	not exactly assured in its execution
3	exactly assured in its execution
3	assured in its execution
2	in its execution
2	its execution
3	is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .
3	is notable for its sheer audacity and openness
4	notable for its sheer audacity and openness
3	for its sheer audacity and openness
2	its sheer audacity and openness
3	sheer audacity and openness
3	audacity and openness
1	audacity and
3	A thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy .
4	A thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt
3	thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt
4	thoroughly enjoyable
3	, heartfelt
3	coming-of-age comedy .
2	coming-of-age comedy
2	Feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in Nine Queens .
2	Feeling like a dope
2	like a dope
2	a dope
2	has rarely been more fun than it is in Nine Queens .
3	has rarely been more fun than it is in Nine Queens
2	has rarely
3	been more fun than it is in Nine Queens
2	been more fun
2	more fun
2	than it is in Nine Queens
2	it is in Nine Queens
2	is in Nine Queens
2	in Nine Queens
3	Nine Queens
3	Leigh makes these lives count .
3	makes these lives count .
3	makes these lives count
3	these lives count
3	lives count
3	And he allows a gawky actor like Spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .
3	he allows a gawky actor like Spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .
3	allows a gawky actor like Spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .
3	allows a gawky actor like Spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range
3	allows a gawky actor like Spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film --
2	allows a gawky actor like Spall
2	a gawky actor like Spall
1	a gawky actor
1	gawky actor
2	like Spall
2	-- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film --
3	who could too easily become comic relief in any other film --
3	who could too easily become comic relief in any other film
2	could too easily become comic relief in any other film
2	could too easily
3	too easily
2	become comic relief in any other film
2	become comic relief
3	comic relief
2	in any other film
2	any other film
2	other film
4	to reveal his impressively delicate range
3	reveal his impressively delicate range
3	his impressively delicate range
3	impressively delicate range
2	delicate range
4	A lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .
4	A lot of fun , with an undeniable energy
2	A lot
3	of fun , with an undeniable energy
4	fun , with an undeniable energy
3	fun ,
4	with an undeniable energy
3	an undeniable energy
4	undeniable energy
3	sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .
3	sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers
2	sparked by two actresses in their 50s working
2	by two actresses in their 50s working
2	two actresses in their 50s working
2	two actresses
2	in their 50s working
2	their 50s working
2	50s working
3	at the peak of their powers
2	the peak of their powers
2	the peak
2	of their powers
2	their powers
4	Promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination .
4	is one film that 's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination .
3	is one film that 's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination
4	one film that 's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination
3	one film
4	that 's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination
3	's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination
4	truly deserving of its Oscar nomination
4	deserving of its Oscar nomination
3	of its Oscar nomination
3	its Oscar nomination
3	Oscar nomination
3	What bubbles up out of John C. Walsh 's Pipe Dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch .
3	What bubbles up out of John C. Walsh 's Pipe Dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie
4	bubbles up out of John C. Walsh 's Pipe Dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie
2	bubbles up out of John C. Walsh 's Pipe Dream
1	up out of John C. Walsh 's Pipe Dream
2	up out
1	of John C. Walsh 's Pipe Dream
2	John C. Walsh 's Pipe Dream
2	John C. Walsh 's
2	C. Walsh 's
2	Walsh 's
2	Pipe Dream
3	is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie
3	the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie
3	the distinct and very welcome sense
3	distinct and very welcome sense
4	distinct and very welcome
2	distinct and
3	very welcome
3	of watching intelligent people making a movie
3	watching intelligent people making a movie
2	watching intelligent people
3	intelligent people
2	making a movie
2	a movie
2	they might actually want to watch .
3	might actually want to watch .
3	might actually want to watch
2	might actually
3	want to watch
2	to watch
2	If Reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum , her tough , funny , rather chaotic show is n't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time .
2	If Reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum
2	Reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum
2	is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum
2	to the left of liberal on the political spectrum
2	the left of liberal on the political spectrum
2	the left
2	of liberal on the political spectrum
2	liberal on the political spectrum
2	on the political spectrum
2	the political spectrum
2	political spectrum
2	, her tough , funny , rather chaotic show is n't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time .
3	her tough , funny , rather chaotic show is n't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time .
3	her tough , funny , rather chaotic show
4	tough , funny , rather chaotic show
3	tough , funny , rather chaotic
3	, funny , rather chaotic
3	funny , rather chaotic
1	, rather chaotic
1	rather chaotic
2	is n't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time .
1	is n't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time
2	is n't subversive
1	is n't
2	so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time
2	so much
2	as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time
1	it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time
2	is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time
2	nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time
3	about the hypocrisies of our time
2	the hypocrisies of our time
2	the hypocrisies
2	of our time
2	our time
3	Beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the Marquis de Sade had gone in for pastel landscapes .
3	Beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the Marquis de Sade
3	Beautiful , angry and sad ,
3	Beautiful , angry and sad
4	Beautiful ,
1	angry and sad
1	angry and
2	with a curious sick poetry , as if the Marquis de Sade
2	a curious sick poetry , as if the Marquis de Sade
2	a curious sick poetry , as if
1	a curious sick poetry ,
2	a curious sick poetry
2	curious sick poetry
2	sick poetry
2	as if
2	the Marquis de Sade
2	Marquis de Sade
2	de Sade
3	had gone in for pastel landscapes .
2	had gone in for pastel landscapes
2	gone in for pastel landscapes
2	in for pastel landscapes
2	for pastel landscapes
3	pastel landscapes
4	Ms. Hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate .
2	Ms. Hutchins
4	is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate .
3	is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate
3	talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate
4	talented enough and
2	talented enough
3	charismatic enough to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate
3	charismatic enough
3	to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate
3	make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate
2	us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate
2	care about Zelda 's ultimate fate
2	about Zelda 's ultimate fate
2	Zelda 's ultimate fate
2	Zelda 's
2	ultimate fate
4	Monte Cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
2	Monte Cristo
3	smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
4	emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
4	emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds
3	emphasizes the well-wrought story and
3	emphasizes the well-wrought story
4	the well-wrought story
4	well-wrought story
2	omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds
1	needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds
2	chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds
2	chase scenes and swordfights
2	scenes and swordfights
2	scenes and
2	as the revenge unfolds
2	the revenge unfolds
2	the revenge
4	A mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .
4	A mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last
4	A mesmerizing cinematic poem
3	mesmerizing cinematic poem
3	cinematic poem
2	from the first frame to the last
2	the first frame to the last
2	the first frame
2	first frame
2	to the last
2	the last
3	-LRB- It 's -RRB- a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .
4	It 's -RRB- a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .
3	's -RRB- a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .
3	's -RRB- a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest
2	's -RRB-
4	a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest
3	a clever
4	thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest
3	thriller with enough unexpected twists
3	with enough unexpected twists
2	enough unexpected twists
3	unexpected twists
3	to keep our interest
3	keep our interest
2	our interest
3	An undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation .
4	An undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation
4	An undeniably moving film to experience , and
4	An undeniably moving film to experience ,
3	An undeniably moving film to experience
4	An undeniably moving film
4	undeniably moving film
4	undeniably moving
2	to experience
3	ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation
4	that 's what makes it worth a recommendation
3	's what makes it worth a recommendation
3	what makes it worth a recommendation
3	makes it worth a recommendation
2	makes it
3	worth a recommendation
3	a recommendation
3	Nicole Kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
2	Nicole Kidman
3	evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
2	evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
3	evolved from star to superstar some time
3	evolved from star to superstar
2	evolved from star
2	from star
2	to superstar
2	some time
3	over the past year , which means that Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
3	the past year , which means that Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
2	the past year ,
2	the past year
2	past year
3	which means that Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
2	means that Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
3	that Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
3	Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
2	Birthday Girl
3	is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
3	the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
2	the kind
3	of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
2	quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
3	quirkily appealing minor movie
3	quirkily appealing
2	minor movie
1	she might not make for a while
2	might not make for a while
2	might not
2	make for a while
2	for a while
2	a while
2	Vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two English women .
3	conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two English women .
2	conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two English women
2	the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two English women
2	the shadow side
2	shadow side
2	of the 30-year friendship between two English women
3	the 30-year friendship between two English women
2	the 30-year friendship
2	30-year friendship
2	between two English women
2	two English women
2	English women
1	The story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired .
2	The story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired
3	The story has some nice twists but the ending and
2	The story has some nice twists but the ending
2	The story
3	has some nice twists but the ending
2	some nice twists but the ending
3	some nice twists
3	nice twists
2	but the ending
2	the ending
1	some of the back-story is a little tired
2	some of the back-story
2	of the back-story
2	the back-story
1	is a little tired
2	a little tired
2	a little
2	The performances are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie .
3	The performances are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie
3	The performances are all solid ;
3	The performances are all solid
2	The performances
2	are all solid
2	are all
1	it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie
1	merely lacks originality to make it a great movie
1	lacks originality to make it a great movie
4	originality to make it a great movie
3	to make it a great movie
4	make it a great movie
3	it a great movie
4	a great movie
4	great movie
3	Manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .
3	to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .
3	to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state
2	please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state
2	please its intended audience -- children --
3	its intended audience -- children --
2	its intended audience
2	intended audience
2	-- children --
2	children --
3	without placing their parents in a coma-like state
2	placing their parents in a coma-like state
3	placing their parents
2	their parents
2	in a coma-like state
1	a coma-like state
1	coma-like state
2	When you think you 've figured out Bielinsky 's great game , that 's when you 're in the most trouble : He 's the con , and you 're just the mark .
2	When you think you 've figured out Bielinsky 's great game , that 's when you 're in the most trouble
2	you think you 've figured out Bielinsky 's great game , that 's when you 're in the most trouble
3	think you 've figured out Bielinsky 's great game , that 's when you 're in the most trouble
2	you 've figured out Bielinsky 's great game , that 's when you 're in the most trouble
1	've figured out Bielinsky 's great game , that 's when you 're in the most trouble
2	figured out Bielinsky 's great game , that 's when you 're in the most trouble
2	out Bielinsky 's great game , that 's when you 're in the most trouble
3	Bielinsky 's great game , that 's when you 're in the most trouble
2	Bielinsky 's great game ,
3	Bielinsky 's great game
2	Bielinsky 's
3	great game
1	that 's when you 're in the most trouble
1	's when you 're in the most trouble
2	when you 're in the most trouble
2	you 're in the most trouble
2	're in the most trouble
2	in the most trouble
2	the most trouble
1	most trouble
1	: He 's the con , and you 're just the mark .
2	He 's the con , and you 're just the mark .
2	He 's the con , and you 're just the mark
2	He 's the con , and
2	He 's the con ,
1	He 's the con
2	's the con
1	the con
2	you 're just the mark
2	're just the mark
2	're just
3	the mark
4	A strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing Spider-Man .
4	A strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing Spider-Man
3	A strong first act and
3	A strong first act
3	strong first act
2	first act
4	absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing Spider-Man
4	absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion
4	absolutely , inescapably gorgeous ,
4	, inescapably gorgeous ,
4	inescapably gorgeous ,
3	gorgeous ,
2	skyscraper-trapeze motion
4	of the amazing Spider-Man
3	the amazing Spider-Man
2	amazing Spider-Man
4	Driven by a fantastic dual performance from Ian Holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .
3	Driven by a fantastic dual performance from Ian Holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs
3	Driven by a fantastic dual performance from Ian Holm ...
4	Driven by a fantastic dual performance from Ian Holm
4	by a fantastic dual performance from Ian Holm
3	a fantastic dual performance from Ian Holm
4	a fantastic dual performance
4	fantastic dual performance
2	dual performance
2	from Ian Holm
2	Ian Holm
4	the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs
2	the film
4	is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs
3	is funny , insightfully human and
4	is funny , insightfully human
3	funny , insightfully human
3	, insightfully human
2	insightfully human
3	a delightful lark for history buffs
3	a delightful lark
2	delightful lark
3	for history buffs
2	history buffs
3	A well-put-together piece of urban satire .
3	A well-put-together piece of urban satire
4	A well-put-together piece
4	well-put-together piece
2	of urban satire
2	urban satire
3	It 's the sweet Cinderella story that `` Pretty Woman '' wanted to be .
3	's the sweet Cinderella story that `` Pretty Woman '' wanted to be .
3	's the sweet Cinderella story that `` Pretty Woman '' wanted to be
3	's the sweet Cinderella story
3	the sweet Cinderella story
3	sweet Cinderella story
2	Cinderella story
3	that `` Pretty Woman '' wanted to be
3	`` Pretty Woman '' wanted to be
2	Pretty Woman '' wanted to be
2	Pretty Woman
2	'' wanted to be
2	wanted to be
2	to be
3	It will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
3	will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
2	will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
3	make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
2	you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
2	think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
3	twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
2	twice about
3	what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
2	might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
2	be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
3	going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
2	on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
2	inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
3	each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
2	each trailer park
2	trailer park
3	you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
1	drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
2	drive past --
2	drive past
2	even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
3	if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
3	it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
2	chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
2	inspires you to drive a little faster
2	you to drive a little faster
2	to drive a little faster
2	drive a little faster
2	a little faster
2	a little
3	What does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ?
2	does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ?
2	does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear
2	does n't this film
1	does n't
2	this film
2	have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear
2	that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear
2	an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear
2	an impressionable kid
2	impressionable kid
1	could n't stand to hear
1	could n't
2	stand to hear
2	to hear
3	What saves it ... and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice .
3	What saves it ... and makes it
3	saves it ... and makes it
2	saves it ... and
2	saves it ...
2	saves it
2	makes it
3	one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice .
3	one of the better video-game-based flicks ,
3	of the better video-game-based flicks ,
3	the better video-game-based flicks ,
1	better video-game-based flicks ,
3	better video-game-based
2	flicks ,
2	is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice .
2	is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice
2	that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice
1	the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice
2	the film
1	acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice
1	acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense ,
1	acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense
1	upfront that the plot makes no sense
1	that the plot makes no sense
0	the plot makes no sense
2	the plot
0	makes no sense
2	no sense
2	such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice
1	that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice
1	the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice
1	the lack of linearity
2	the lack
2	of linearity
1	is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice
2	the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice
2	the point
2	of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice
2	emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice
2	emotional and moral departure
3	emotional and moral
3	emotional and
2	for protagonist Alice
2	protagonist Alice
3	A deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .
3	deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .
3	felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .
3	felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world
2	felt and
4	vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world
3	detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world
2	detailed story
2	about newcomers in a strange new world
2	newcomers in a strange new world
2	in a strange new world
2	a strange new world
2	strange new world
2	new world
3	It 's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you do n't try to look too deep into the story
2	's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you do n't try to look too deep into the story
3	's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure ,
3	's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure
3	a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure
4	a visual delight and
4	a visual delight
4	visual delight
3	a decent popcorn adventure
3	decent popcorn adventure
3	popcorn adventure
2	as long as you do n't try to look too deep into the story
2	as long
2	as you do n't try to look too deep into the story
1	you do n't try to look too deep into the story
2	do n't try to look too deep into the story
2	do n't
2	try to look too deep into the story
2	to look too deep into the story
1	look too deep into the story
2	look too deep
1	too deep
2	into the story
2	the story
4	It 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .
4	's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .
4	's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good
4	a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good
3	a feel-good movie
3	feel-good movie
4	about which you can actually feel good
2	about which
3	you can actually feel good
3	can actually feel good
2	can actually
3	feel good
3	A full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .
3	A full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
3	A full experience ,
3	A full experience
2	full experience
3	a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
3	a love story and
2	a love story
2	love story
3	a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
2	a murder mystery
2	murder mystery
3	that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
3	expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
2	into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
3	a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
2	a meditation
3	on the deep deceptions of innocence
2	the deep deceptions of innocence
2	the deep deceptions
1	deep deceptions
2	of innocence
3	The Powerpuff Girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .
2	The Powerpuff Girls
2	Powerpuff Girls
3	arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .
3	arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact
2	arrive on the big screen
2	on the big screen
2	the big screen
2	big screen
3	with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact
3	their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact
3	their super-powers , their super-simple animation and
1	their super-powers , their super-simple animation
2	their super-powers ,
2	their super-powers
2	their super-simple animation
3	super-simple animation
3	their super-dooper-adorability intact
4	super-dooper-adorability intact
2	-LRB- Raimi 's -RRB- matured quite a bit with Spider-Man , even though it 's one of the most plain white toast comic book films you 'll ever see .
2	-LRB- Raimi 's -RRB- matured quite a bit with Spider-Man , even though it 's one of the most plain white toast comic book films
2	Raimi 's -RRB- matured quite a bit with Spider-Man , even though it 's one of the most plain white toast comic book films
2	Raimi 's
3	-RRB- matured quite a bit with Spider-Man , even though it 's one of the most plain white toast comic book films
1	matured quite a bit with Spider-Man , even though it 's one of the most plain white toast comic book films
3	matured quite a bit with Spider-Man ,
2	matured quite a bit with Spider-Man
3	matured quite a bit
2	quite a bit
2	a bit
2	with Spider-Man
2	even though it 's one of the most plain white toast comic book films
2	though it 's one of the most plain white toast comic book films
2	it 's one of the most plain white toast comic book films
1	's one of the most plain white toast comic book films
1	one of the most plain white toast comic book films
2	of the most plain white toast comic book films
1	the most plain white toast comic book films
2	most plain white toast comic book films
1	most plain
2	white toast comic book films
2	toast comic book films
2	comic book films
2	book films
2	you 'll ever see .
2	'll ever see .
2	'll ever see
2	'll ever
4	A new film from Bill Plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .
2	A new film from Bill Plympton , the animation master ,
2	A new film
2	new film
3	from Bill Plympton , the animation master ,
3	Bill Plympton , the animation master ,
3	Bill Plympton , the animation master
2	Bill Plympton ,
2	Bill Plympton
3	the animation master
3	animation master
3	is always welcome .
3	is always welcome
2	is always
0	A devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .
2	A devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism
2	A devastating indictment
3	devastating indictment
1	of unbridled greed and materalism
2	unbridled greed and materalism
2	greed and materalism
2	greed and
3	What makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music .
3	What makes the film special
4	makes the film special
3	the film special
2	film special
4	is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music .
3	is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music
4	is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm
4	the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm
4	refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm
3	refreshingly unhibited
2	that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music
2	the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music
2	the people
3	, in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music
2	in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music
3	in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship
1	spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship
2	of clearly evident poverty and hardship
1	clearly evident poverty and hardship
2	clearly evident
2	poverty and hardship
2	poverty and
2	, bring to their music
2	bring to their music
2	to their music
2	their music
1	The film has a kind of hard , cold effect .
2	The film
2	has a kind of hard , cold effect .
1	has a kind of hard , cold effect
1	a kind of hard , cold effect
3	a kind
2	of hard , cold effect
1	hard , cold effect
2	, cold effect
2	cold effect
3	The gags are often a stitch .
3	The gags
2	are often a stitch .
1	are often a stitch
2	are often
2	a stitch
4	The asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of Jia with his family .
2	The asylum material
1	asylum material
3	is gripping , as are the scenes of Jia with his family .
4	is gripping , as are the scenes of Jia with his family
2	is gripping ,
2	is gripping
2	as are the scenes of Jia with his family
2	are the scenes of Jia with his family
2	the scenes of Jia with his family
2	the scenes
2	of Jia with his family
2	Jia with his family
2	with his family
2	his family
2	A bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career .
3	A bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career
2	A bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns
2	A bonanza
2	of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns
1	wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns
2	wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and
3	wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes ,
1	wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes
2	wacky sight gags ,
2	wacky sight gags
1	sight gags
2	outlandish color schemes
2	color schemes
1	corny visual puns
2	visual puns
4	that can be appreciated equally as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career
4	can be appreciated equally as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career
3	be appreciated equally as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career
3	appreciated equally as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career
3	appreciated equally
3	as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career
2	as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and
2	as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy
2	an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy
2	abstract Frank Tashlin comedy
2	Frank Tashlin comedy
1	Tashlin comedy
3	as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career
3	a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career
4	a playful recapitulation
3	playful recapitulation
2	of the artist 's career
2	the artist 's career
2	the artist 's
2	artist 's
3	One ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .
3	ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .
3	ca n't deny its seriousness and quality
2	ca n't
1	deny its seriousness and quality
3	its seriousness and quality
3	seriousness and quality
2	seriousness and
4	Good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make Paid in Full worth seeing .
3	Good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach
4	Good performances and
4	Good performances
3	a realistic , non-exploitive approach
3	realistic , non-exploitive approach
3	, non-exploitive approach
3	non-exploitive approach
4	make Paid in Full worth seeing .
3	make Paid in Full worth seeing
2	make Paid in Full
2	Paid in Full
2	in Full
3	worth seeing
2	This engrossing , characteristically complex Tom Clancy thriller is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .
3	This engrossing , characteristically complex Tom Clancy thriller
2	engrossing , characteristically complex Tom Clancy thriller
2	, characteristically complex Tom Clancy thriller
3	characteristically complex Tom Clancy thriller
4	characteristically complex
2	Tom Clancy thriller
2	Clancy thriller
1	is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .
1	is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time
2	shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time
3	in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time
3	the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time
2	the manner
2	in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time
2	in which
2	it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time
2	addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time
2	addresses current terrorism anxieties and
2	addresses current terrorism anxieties
2	current terrorism anxieties
1	terrorism anxieties
2	sidesteps them at the same time
2	sidesteps them
2	at the same time
2	the same time
2	same time
4	Ryan Gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted Daniel .
2	Ryan Gosling
4	is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted Daniel .
3	is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted Daniel
4	is , in a word , brilliant
2	is , in a word ,
2	is , in a word
2	is ,
2	in a word
2	a word
2	as the conflicted Daniel
2	the conflicted Daniel
2	conflicted Daniel
3	... somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks .
4	somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks .
4	manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks .
4	manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks
3	to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks
3	escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks
2	escape the shackles of its own clichés
1	the shackles of its own clichés
2	the shackles
2	of its own clichés
1	its own clichés
2	own clichés
3	to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks
2	be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks
4	the best espionage picture to come out in weeks
4	the best espionage picture
4	best espionage picture
2	espionage picture
2	to come out in weeks
2	come out in weeks
2	come out
2	in weeks
3	Much of The Lady and the Duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .
2	Much of The Lady and the Duke
2	of The Lady and the Duke
2	The Lady and the Duke
2	The Lady and
2	The Lady
2	the Duke
3	is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .
3	is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes
2	is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite
2	about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite
3	quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite
3	quiet , decisive moments
3	, decisive moments
2	decisive moments
2	between members of the cultural elite
1	members of the cultural elite
2	of the cultural elite
2	the cultural elite
3	cultural elite
2	as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes
2	they determine how to proceed as the world implodes
2	determine how to proceed as the world implodes
2	how to proceed as the world implodes
1	to proceed as the world implodes
2	proceed as the world implodes
2	as the world implodes
2	the world implodes
2	world implodes
4	Takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .
4	Takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights
2	Takes a simple premise and
2	Takes a simple premise
1	a simple premise
2	simple premise
3	carries it to unexpected heights
2	carries it
3	to unexpected heights
3	unexpected heights
4	With few respites , Marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in Moulin Rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .
3	With few respites
2	few respites
3	, Marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in Moulin Rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .
3	Marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in Moulin Rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .
4	Marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in Moulin Rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it
3	Marshall keeps the energy humming , and
3	Marshall keeps the energy humming ,
2	Marshall keeps the energy humming
3	keeps the energy humming
3	the energy humming
2	energy humming
4	his edits , unlike those in Moulin Rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it
2	his edits
3	, unlike those in Moulin Rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it
3	unlike those in Moulin Rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it
2	unlike those in Moulin Rouge
2	those in Moulin Rouge
2	in Moulin Rouge
3	Moulin Rouge
4	, are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it
3	are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it
4	crisp and purposeful without overdoing it
3	crisp and purposeful
3	crisp and
3	without overdoing it
1	overdoing it
3	Its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work .
4	Its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work
3	Its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and
2	Its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism ,
2	Its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism
3	Its metaphors
2	are opaque enough to avoid didacticism
2	opaque enough to avoid didacticism
2	opaque enough
2	to avoid didacticism
2	avoid didacticism
3	the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work
2	the film
4	succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work
4	as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work
4	an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work
3	emotionally accessible , almost mystical work
2	emotionally accessible
4	, almost mystical work
3	almost mystical work
2	almost mystical
3	Provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .
3	a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .
3	a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils
3	a satisfactory overview
3	satisfactory overview
2	of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils
2	the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils
2	the bizarre world
2	bizarre world
2	of extreme athletes as several daredevils
2	extreme athletes as several daredevils
2	extreme athletes
2	as several daredevils
2	several daredevils
2	express their own views .
2	express their own views
2	their own views
2	own views
3	Inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening .
3	Inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening
3	Inventive , fun ,
4	Inventive , fun
3	Inventive ,
3	intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening
1	sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening
1	, violent , self-indulgent and maddening
1	violent , self-indulgent and maddening
1	, self-indulgent and maddening
1	self-indulgent and maddening
1	self-indulgent and
3	Comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .
4	, like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .
3	like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .
2	like its subjects
2	its subjects
3	, delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .
3	delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .
4	delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride
3	the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride
2	the goods and audiences
2	goods and audiences
2	goods and
3	will have a fun , no-frills ride
3	have a fun , no-frills ride
3	a fun , no-frills ride
2	fun , no-frills ride
1	, no-frills ride
2	no-frills ride
4	A naturally funny film , Home Movie makes you crave Chris Smith 's next movie .
4	A naturally funny film , Home Movie
3	A naturally funny film ,
4	A naturally funny film
3	naturally funny film
4	naturally funny
2	Home Movie
4	makes you crave Chris Smith 's next movie .
4	makes you crave Chris Smith 's next movie
4	you crave Chris Smith 's next movie
2	crave Chris Smith 's next movie
2	Chris Smith 's next movie
2	Chris Smith 's
2	Smith 's
1	next movie
3	Pipe Dream does have its charms .
2	Pipe Dream
3	does have its charms .
3	does have its charms
3	have its charms
3	its charms
4	The leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .
3	The leads are natural and lovely
2	The leads
3	are natural and lovely
3	natural and lovely
3	natural and
2	, the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .
2	the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .
2	the pace
3	is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .
3	is serene , the humor wry and sprightly
4	serene , the humor wry and sprightly
3	, the humor wry and sprightly
3	the humor wry and sprightly
3	the humor wry and
3	the humor wry
3	humor wry
3	Those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to Ichi .
2	Those who want to be jolted out of their gourd
2	who want to be jolted out of their gourd
3	want to be jolted out of their gourd
2	to be jolted out of their gourd
2	be jolted out of their gourd
2	jolted out of their gourd
2	jolted out
2	of their gourd
2	their gourd
3	should drop everything and run to Ichi .
3	should drop everything and run to Ichi
3	drop everything and run to Ichi
2	drop everything and
2	drop everything
2	run to Ichi
2	to Ichi
3	... enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .
3	enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .
4	enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games
4	invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games
3	the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games
3	the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and
2	the percussion rhythm , the brass soul
2	the percussion rhythm ,
2	the percussion rhythm
2	percussion rhythm
2	the brass soul
2	brass soul
3	the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games
3	the sense of fierce competition
2	the sense
2	of fierce competition
3	fierce competition
3	that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games
3	helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games
2	make great marching bands half the fun of college football games
3	make great marching bands
3	great marching bands
2	marching bands
3	half the fun of college football games
2	half the fun
3	the fun
2	of college football games
2	college football games
2	football games
3	Sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .
2	Sheds light on a subject few
3	Sheds light
2	on a subject few
2	a subject few
2	subject few
3	are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .
3	are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before
2	are familiar with , and
2	are familiar with ,
2	are familiar with
2	familiar with
4	makes you care about music you may not have heard before
2	you care about music you may not have heard before
2	care about music you may not have heard before
2	about music you may not have heard before
3	music you may not have heard before
2	you may not have heard before
2	may not have heard before
1	may not
2	have heard before
3	heard before
3	Despite the film 's bizarre developments , Hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .
2	Despite the film 's bizarre developments
2	the film 's bizarre developments
2	the film 's
2	film 's
3	bizarre developments
3	, Hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .
4	Hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .
4	keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .
3	keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity
3	us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity
3	riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity
3	with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity
2	every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity
2	every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and
3	every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy
1	every painful nuance ,
2	every painful nuance
1	painful nuance
3	unexpected flashes of dark comedy
2	unexpected flashes
2	of dark comedy
3	dark comedy
3	the character 's gripping humanity
2	the character 's
2	character 's
3	gripping humanity
1	To get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of Dr. Freud .
2	To get at the root psychology of this film
2	get at the root psychology of this film
2	at the root psychology of this film
2	the root psychology of this film
2	the root psychology
2	root psychology
2	of this film
2	this film
1	would require many sessions on the couch of Dr. Freud .
1	would require many sessions on the couch of Dr. Freud
2	require many sessions on the couch of Dr. Freud
2	require many sessions
2	many sessions
2	on the couch of Dr. Freud
2	the couch of Dr. Freud
2	the couch
2	of Dr. Freud
2	Dr. Freud
4	Great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood .
3	Great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood
3	Great over-the-top
2	moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood
2	if you 're in a slap-happy mood
3	you 're in a slap-happy mood
3	're in a slap-happy mood
3	in a slap-happy mood
4	a slap-happy mood
2	slap-happy mood
4	Viveka Seldahl and Sven Wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .
2	Viveka Seldahl and Sven Wollter
2	Seldahl and Sven Wollter
2	and Sven Wollter
2	Sven Wollter
4	will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .
4	will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget
4	touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget
2	touch you
4	to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget
3	the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget
2	the core
4	in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget
4	a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget
4	a film you will never forget
2	a film
3	you will never forget
2	will never forget
2	will never
3	-- that you should never forget
2	that you should never forget
2	you should never forget
3	should never forget
2	should never
3	The magic -LRB- and original running time -RRB- of ace Japanimator Hayao Miyazaki 's Spirited Away survives intact in BV 's re-voiced version .
3	The magic -LRB- and original running time -RRB- of ace Japanimator Hayao Miyazaki 's Spirited Away
2	The magic -LRB- and original running time -RRB-
3	The magic
2	-LRB- and original running time -RRB-
2	-LRB- and original running time
2	-LRB- and
2	original running time
2	running time
3	of ace Japanimator Hayao Miyazaki 's Spirited Away
3	ace Japanimator Hayao Miyazaki 's Spirited Away
2	ace Japanimator Hayao Miyazaki 's
2	Japanimator Hayao Miyazaki 's
2	Hayao Miyazaki 's
2	Miyazaki 's
2	Spirited Away
3	survives intact in BV 's re-voiced version .
2	survives intact in BV 's re-voiced version
2	intact in BV 's re-voiced version
2	in BV 's re-voiced version
2	BV 's re-voiced version
2	BV 's
1	re-voiced version
3	From the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .
1	From the dull
1	the dull
3	, surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .
3	surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .
3	surreal ache of mortal awareness
2	surreal ache
2	of mortal awareness
3	mortal awareness
3	emerges a radiant character portrait .
3	emerges a radiant character portrait
4	a radiant character portrait
3	radiant character portrait
2	character portrait
4	Captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .
3	Captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics
3	Captures the raw comic energy of one
2	the raw comic energy of one
3	the raw comic energy
3	raw comic energy
3	comic energy
2	of one
3	of our most flamboyant female comics
3	our most flamboyant female comics
3	most flamboyant female comics
3	flamboyant female comics
2	female comics
2	It 's not particularly subtle ... However , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion .
2	It 's not particularly subtle ... However , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion
1	It 's not particularly subtle ...
2	It 's not particularly subtle
2	's not particularly subtle
2	's not
2	particularly subtle
2	However , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion
2	, it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion
3	it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion
3	still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion
2	manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion
2	to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion
2	build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion
2	to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion
2	a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion
2	terrifying , if obvious , conclusion
2	terrifying , if obvious ,
2	, if obvious ,
2	if obvious ,
2	obvious ,
3	The auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .
3	The auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights
2	The auteur 's ear
2	The auteur 's
2	auteur 's
2	for the way fears and slights
2	the way fears and slights
1	way fears and slights
2	fears and slights
2	fears and
1	are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .
3	are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug
1	telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug
3	in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug
3	the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug
2	the most blithe exchanges
2	most blithe exchanges
3	blithe exchanges
3	gives the film its lingering tug
2	gives the film
2	the film
2	its lingering tug
2	lingering tug
4	Bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .
4	Bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness
4	Bolstered by exceptional performances and
3	Bolstered by exceptional performances
4	by exceptional performances
4	exceptional performances
4	a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness
3	a clear-eyed
2	take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness
3	on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness
2	the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness
2	the economics of dealing and
2	the economics of dealing
2	the economics
2	of dealing
2	the pathology of ghetto fabulousness
2	the pathology
2	of ghetto fabulousness
3	ghetto fabulousness
4	This enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
4	This enthralling documentary
3	enthralling documentary
3	... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
4	is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
3	is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends
2	at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends
3	once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends
3	once playful and haunting ,
3	once playful and haunting
4	playful and haunting
3	playful and
3	an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends
3	an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist
3	an in-depth portrait
3	in-depth portrait
2	of an iconoclastic artist
3	an iconoclastic artist
2	iconoclastic artist
2	who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends
3	was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends
2	was fundamentally unknowable
2	fundamentally unknowable
2	even to his closest friends
2	to his closest friends
2	his closest friends
2	closest friends
3	Some remarkable achival film about how Shanghai -LRB- of all places -RRB- served Jews who escaped the Holocaust .
3	Some remarkable achival film about how Shanghai -LRB- of all places -RRB-
3	Some remarkable achival film
4	remarkable achival film
2	achival film
2	about how Shanghai -LRB- of all places -RRB-
2	how Shanghai -LRB- of all places -RRB-
2	how Shanghai
2	-LRB- of all places -RRB-
2	of all places -RRB-
2	of all places
2	all places
2	served Jews who escaped the Holocaust .
2	served Jews who escaped the Holocaust
2	Jews who escaped the Holocaust
2	who escaped the Holocaust
2	escaped the Holocaust
1	the Holocaust
3	In a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that Secret Ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .
3	In a movie full of surprises
4	a movie full of surprises
2	a movie
3	full of surprises
3	of surprises
3	, the biggest is that Secret Ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .
3	the biggest is that Secret Ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .
2	the biggest
3	is that Secret Ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .
3	is that Secret Ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting
3	that Secret Ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting
3	Secret Ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting
2	Secret Ballot
3	is a comedy , both gentle and biting
4	a comedy , both gentle and biting
2	a comedy ,
2	a comedy
3	both gentle and biting
3	gentle and biting
3	gentle and
4	The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative .
3	The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative
3	The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and
3	The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks ,
3	The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks
2	The urban landscapes
2	urban landscapes
2	are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks
3	detailed down to the signs on the kiosks
2	detailed down
2	to the signs on the kiosks
2	the signs on the kiosks
2	the signs
2	on the kiosks
2	the kiosks
3	the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative
2	the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks ,
2	the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks
2	the color palette ,
2	the color palette
2	color palette
1	with lots of somber blues and pinks
2	lots of somber blues and pinks
2	of somber blues and pinks
2	somber blues and pinks
2	blues and pinks
2	blues and
4	is dreamy and evocative
4	dreamy and evocative
4	dreamy and
3	A manically generous Christmas vaudeville .
3	A manically generous Christmas
2	manically generous Christmas
3	manically generous
2	vaudeville .
2	Tony Gayton 's script does n't give us anything we have n't seen before , but director D.J. Caruso 's grimy visual veneer and Kilmer 's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably .
3	Tony Gayton 's script does n't give us anything we have n't seen before , but director D.J. Caruso 's grimy visual veneer and Kilmer 's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably
1	Tony Gayton 's script does n't give us anything we have n't seen before , but
1	Tony Gayton 's script does n't give us anything we have n't seen before ,
0	Tony Gayton 's script does n't give us anything we have n't seen before
2	Tony Gayton 's script
2	Tony Gayton 's
2	Gayton 's
1	does n't give us anything we have n't seen before
1	does n't
1	give us anything we have n't seen before
2	give us
3	anything we have n't seen before
2	we have n't seen before
2	have n't seen before
2	have n't
2	seen before
3	director D.J. Caruso 's grimy visual veneer and Kilmer 's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably
3	director D.J. Caruso 's grimy visual veneer and Kilmer 's absorbing performance
2	director D.J. Caruso 's grimy visual veneer and
2	director D.J. Caruso 's grimy visual veneer
2	director D.J. Caruso 's
2	D.J. Caruso 's
2	Caruso 's
2	grimy visual veneer
3	visual veneer
3	Kilmer 's absorbing performance
2	Kilmer 's
3	absorbing performance
2	increase the gravitational pull considerably
3	increase the gravitational pull
3	the gravitational pull
2	gravitational pull
3	A psychic journey deep into the very fabric of Iranian ... life .
2	A psychic journey deep into the very fabric of Iranian ... life
3	A psychic journey deep into the very fabric of Iranian ...
2	A psychic journey deep into the very fabric of Iranian
2	A psychic journey
2	psychic journey
2	deep into the very fabric of Iranian
2	into the very fabric of Iranian
2	the very fabric of Iranian
2	the very fabric
2	very fabric
2	of Iranian
4	It 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .
4	's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .
3	's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas
4	a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas
4	a smartly directed , grown-up film
4	smartly directed , grown-up film
2	directed , grown-up film
2	, grown-up film
3	grown-up film
2	of ideas
2	While puerile men dominate the story , the women shine .
2	While puerile men dominate the story
1	puerile men dominate the story
1	puerile men
3	dominate the story
2	the story
3	, the women shine .
4	the women shine .
2	the women
2	shine .
3	Unlike lots of Hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .
3	Unlike lots of Hollywood fluff
1	lots of Hollywood fluff
0	of Hollywood fluff
1	Hollywood fluff
4	, this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .
4	this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .
3	has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .
3	has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises
3	layered , well-developed characters and some surprises
4	layered , well-developed characters and
3	layered , well-developed characters
3	, well-developed characters
3	well-developed characters
3	some surprises
1	For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
2	For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy
2	a film that 's being advertised as a comedy
2	a film
2	that 's being advertised as a comedy
2	's being advertised as a comedy
2	being advertised as a comedy
2	advertised as a comedy
3	as a comedy
2	a comedy
1	, Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
1	Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
2	Sweet Home Alabama
4	Home Alabama
1	is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
1	is n't as funny as you 'd hoped
1	is n't as funny
1	is n't
3	as funny
2	as you 'd hoped
2	you 'd hoped
2	'd hoped
1	For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
2	For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy
2	a film that 's being advertised as a comedy
2	a film
2	that 's being advertised as a comedy
2	's being advertised as a comedy
2	being advertised as a comedy
2	advertised as a comedy
3	as a comedy
2	a comedy
1	, Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
1	Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
2	Sweet Home Alabama
4	Home Alabama
1	is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
1	is n't as funny as you 'd hoped
1	is n't as funny
1	is n't
3	as funny
2	as you 'd hoped
2	you 'd hoped
2	'd hoped
3	Vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .
4	has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .
4	has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores
3	created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores
3	created a provocative ,
3	created a provocative
3	a provocative
2	absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores
2	drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores
2	that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores
2	reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores
2	reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled
1	the curse of a self-hatred instilled
2	the curse
2	of a self-hatred instilled
1	a self-hatred instilled
1	self-hatred instilled
2	by rigid social mores
2	rigid social mores
2	social mores
3	A French film with a more down-home flavor .
3	A French film with a more down-home flavor
2	A French film
2	French film
2	with a more down-home flavor
3	a more down-home flavor
3	more down-home flavor
2	more down-home
2	Depending upon your reaction to this movie , you may never again be able to look at a red felt Sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles .
2	Depending upon your reaction to this movie
2	upon your reaction to this movie
2	your reaction to this movie
2	your reaction
2	to this movie
2	this movie
3	, you may never again be able to look at a red felt Sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles .
3	you may never again be able to look at a red felt Sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles .
3	may never again be able to look at a red felt Sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles .
2	may never again be able to look at a red felt Sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles
1	may never again
2	may never
3	be able to look at a red felt Sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles
2	able to look at a red felt Sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles
2	to look at a red felt Sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles
3	look at a red felt Sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles
2	look at a red felt Sharpie pen
2	at a red felt Sharpie pen
2	a red felt Sharpie pen
2	red felt Sharpie pen
2	felt Sharpie pen
2	Sharpie pen
2	without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles
2	disgust , a thrill , or the giggles
3	disgust , a thrill , or
2	disgust , a thrill ,
2	disgust , a thrill
0	disgust ,
3	a thrill
3	the giggles
3	While Bollywood\/Hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with Bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those -LRB- like me -RRB- who are n't .
3	While Bollywood\/Hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with Bombay musicals
3	Bollywood\/Hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with Bombay musicals
2	will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with Bombay musicals
2	will undoubtedly
3	provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with Bombay musicals
3	provide its keenest pleasures
3	its keenest pleasures
3	keenest pleasures
2	to those familiar with Bombay musicals
2	those familiar with Bombay musicals
2	familiar with Bombay musicals
2	familiar with Bombay
2	with Bombay
3	, it also has plenty for those -LRB- like me -RRB- who are n't .
2	it also has plenty for those -LRB- like me -RRB- who are n't .
2	also has plenty for those -LRB- like me -RRB- who are n't .
3	has plenty for those -LRB- like me -RRB- who are n't .
2	has plenty for those -LRB- like me -RRB- who are n't
2	plenty for those -LRB- like me -RRB- who are n't
2	for those -LRB- like me -RRB- who are n't
2	those -LRB- like me -RRB- who are n't
2	those -LRB- like me -RRB-
2	-LRB- like me -RRB-
2	like me -RRB-
2	like me
2	who are n't
1	are n't
2	There are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances , but Brown Sugar turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy .
2	There are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances , but Brown Sugar turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy
1	There are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances , but
1	There are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances ,
1	There are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances
2	are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances
1	times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances
1	when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances
1	you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances
1	wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances
2	that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances
3	the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances
2	the movie
2	had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances
2	worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances
2	worked a little harder
2	a little harder
2	a little
1	to conceal its contrivances
2	conceal its contrivances
3	its contrivances
3	Brown Sugar turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy
2	Brown Sugar
4	turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy
2	turns out
4	to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy
3	be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy
4	a sweet and enjoyable fantasy
4	sweet and enjoyable fantasy
4	sweet and enjoyable
3	sweet and
3	Fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .
4	Fontaine masterfully
3	creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .
4	creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees
3	creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history ,
3	creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history
3	creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict ,
2	creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict
3	a portrait of two strong men in conflict
2	a portrait
2	of two strong men in conflict
2	two strong men in conflict
2	two strong men
2	strong men
2	in conflict
2	inextricably entwined through family history
2	entwined through family history
2	through family history
2	family history
2	each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees
2	seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees
2	seeing himself in the other , neither
3	seeing himself in the other ,
2	seeing himself in the other
2	seeing himself
2	in the other
2	the other
2	liking what he sees
2	what he sees
2	he sees
3	As Janice , Eileen Walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
2	As Janice
4	, Eileen Walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
3	Eileen Walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
1	Eileen Walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth ,
2	Eileen Walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth
2	Eileen Walsh ,
2	Eileen Walsh
1	an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth
3	an engaging , wide-eyed actress
3	engaging , wide-eyed actress
2	, wide-eyed actress
2	wide-eyed actress
0	whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth
2	whose teeth
1	are a little too big for her mouth
2	are a little too big
2	a little too big
2	a little
1	too big
2	for her mouth
2	her mouth
3	infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
3	infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm
3	infuses the movie with much of its slender ,
3	infuses the movie with much of its slender
2	infuses the movie
2	the movie
2	with much of its slender
2	much of its slender
2	of its slender
2	its slender
3	glinting charm
3	Sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be .
3	Sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
0	Sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but
1	Sure , it 's contrived and predictable ,
1	Sure , it 's contrived and predictable
1	, it 's contrived and predictable
2	it 's contrived and predictable
1	's contrived and predictable
1	contrived and predictable
2	contrived and
3	its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
3	its performances
3	are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
3	so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
3	so well
2	tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
3	that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
3	the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
2	the film
3	comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
3	comes off winningly ,
4	comes off winningly
2	comes off
2	even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
2	though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
1	it 's never as solid as you want it to be
1	's never as solid as you want it to be
1	's never as solid
2	's never
2	as solid
2	as you want it to be
2	you want it to be
2	want it to be
2	it to be
2	to be
2	Dong shows how intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart .
3	shows how intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart .
2	shows how intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart
2	how intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart
1	intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart
1	has the power to deform families , then tear them apart
2	the power to deform families , then tear them apart
1	power to deform families , then tear them apart
1	to deform families , then tear them apart
1	deform families , then tear them apart
1	deform families , then
1	deform families ,
1	deform families
2	tear them apart
2	tear them
3	The Chateau belongs to Rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting French malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot .
4	The Chateau belongs to Rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting French malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot
1	The Chateau belongs to Rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting French malapropisms ...
3	The Chateau belongs to Rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting French malapropisms
2	The Chateau
2	belongs to Rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting French malapropisms
2	to Rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting French malapropisms
2	Rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting French malapropisms
2	Rudd ,
2	whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting French malapropisms
1	whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball
2	whose portrait
2	of a therapy-dependent flakeball
2	a therapy-dependent flakeball
1	therapy-dependent flakeball
2	spouting French malapropisms
3	French malapropisms
4	is a nonstop hoot
3	a nonstop hoot
4	nonstop hoot
3	The cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing .
4	The cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist ,
3	The cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist
2	The cast , collectively
2	The cast ,
2	The cast
3	a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist
3	a successful example
3	successful example
3	of the lovable-loser protagonist
3	the lovable-loser protagonist
2	lovable-loser protagonist
3	shows deft comic timing .
2	shows deft comic timing
3	deft comic timing
2	comic timing
4	It trusts the story it sets out to tell .
3	trusts the story it sets out to tell .
3	trusts the story it sets out to tell
2	the story it sets out to tell
2	the story
2	it sets out to tell
2	sets out to tell
3	sets out
2	to tell
3	I could n't recommend this film more .
4	could n't recommend this film more .
4	could n't recommend this film more
1	could n't
3	recommend this film more
3	recommend this film
2	this film
3	As a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , Spirit : Stallion of the Cimarron is a winner .
4	As a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , Spirit
2	a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , Spirit
3	a good old-fashioned adventure
3	good old-fashioned adventure
3	old-fashioned adventure
3	for kids , Spirit
3	kids , Spirit
2	kids ,
4	: Stallion of the Cimarron is a winner .
4	Stallion of the Cimarron is a winner .
2	Stallion of the Cimarron
2	of the Cimarron
2	the Cimarron
3	is a winner .
3	is a winner
4	a winner
3	An effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence .
3	An effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence
3	An effective portrait of a life in stasis --
3	An effective portrait of a life in stasis
3	An effective portrait
3	effective portrait
2	of a life in stasis
2	a life in stasis
2	a life
2	in stasis
2	of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence
2	of the power
3	the power
2	of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence
1	inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence
1	to arrest development in a dead-end existence
0	arrest development in a dead-end existence
2	arrest development
1	in a dead-end existence
1	a dead-end existence
1	dead-end existence
3	Succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .
3	Succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture
4	Succeeds as a well-made evocation
3	as a well-made evocation
3	a well-made evocation
3	well-made evocation
2	of a subculture
2	a subculture
3	... an interesting slice of history .
4	an interesting slice of history .
3	an interesting slice of history
3	an interesting slice
3	interesting slice
2	of history
3	Me no lika da accents so good , but I thoroughly enjoyed the love story .
3	Me no lika da accents so good , but I thoroughly enjoyed the love story
1	Me no lika da accents so good , but
1	Me no lika da accents so good ,
0	Me no lika da accents so good
1	no lika da accents so good
1	no lika da
1	no lika
3	accents so good
4	so good
4	I thoroughly enjoyed the love story
4	thoroughly enjoyed the love story
4	enjoyed the love story
2	the love story
2	love story
3	Scott Baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .
2	Scott Baio
4	is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .
3	is turning in some delightful work on indie projects
3	turning in some delightful work on indie projects
3	in some delightful work on indie projects
3	some delightful work on indie projects
3	some delightful work
4	delightful work
2	on indie projects
2	indie projects
3	It 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .
3	's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .
3	's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal
3	an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal
2	an experience
3	in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal
3	understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal
4	a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal
3	a unique culture
3	unique culture
3	that is presented with universal appeal
3	is presented with universal appeal
3	presented with universal appeal
4	with universal appeal
3	universal appeal
3	What 's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .
2	What 's surprising
2	's surprising
3	is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .
4	is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm
3	how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm
2	how well
3	it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm
3	holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm
3	holds up
2	in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm
2	an era in which computer-generated images are the norm
2	an era
2	in which computer-generated images are the norm
2	in which
2	computer-generated images are the norm
2	computer-generated images
2	are the norm
2	the norm
4	Brings together some of the biggest names in Japanese anime , with impressive results .
3	Brings together some of the biggest names in Japanese anime , with impressive results
3	Brings together
4	some of the biggest names in Japanese anime , with impressive results
4	of the biggest names in Japanese anime , with impressive results
4	the biggest names in Japanese anime , with impressive results
4	the biggest names in Japanese anime ,
4	the biggest names in Japanese anime
2	the biggest names
3	biggest names
2	in Japanese anime
2	Japanese anime
4	with impressive results
4	impressive results
3	Wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of Star Wars
3	Wonder , hope and magic
2	, hope and magic
3	hope and magic
2	hope and
3	can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of Star Wars
2	can never
3	escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of Star Wars
2	escape the heart of the boy
2	the heart of the boy
2	the heart
2	of the boy
2	the boy
3	when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of Star Wars
3	the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of Star Wars
3	the right movie
3	right movie
2	comes along , especially if it begins with the name of Star Wars
2	comes along ,
2	comes along
2	especially if it begins with the name of Star Wars
2	if it begins with the name of Star Wars
2	it begins with the name of Star Wars
2	begins with the name of Star Wars
2	with the name of Star Wars
2	the name of Star Wars
2	the name
2	of Star Wars
2	Star Wars
3	A flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile .
3	A flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile
2	A flick
2	about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile
1	our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile
1	our infantilized culture
2	infantilized culture
2	that is n't entirely infantile
2	is n't entirely infantile
1	is n't
0	entirely infantile
4	An exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .
3	An exceptionally
3	acted , quietly affecting cop drama .
3	acted , quietly affecting cop drama
2	acted ,
3	quietly affecting cop drama
2	affecting cop drama
2	cop drama
4	Sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .
4	Sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching
3	Sensual ,
4	funny and , in the end , very touching
3	funny and , in the end ,
3	funny and
2	, in the end ,
2	in the end ,
2	in the end
2	the end
4	very touching
3	Angel presents events partly from the perspective of Aurelie and Christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .
3	presents events partly from the perspective of Aurelie and Christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .
3	presents events partly from the perspective of Aurelie and Christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale
2	presents events partly from the perspective of Aurelie and Christelle , and
2	presents events partly from the perspective of Aurelie and Christelle ,
2	presents events partly from the perspective of Aurelie and Christelle
2	presents events
2	partly from the perspective of Aurelie and Christelle
2	from the perspective of Aurelie and Christelle
2	the perspective of Aurelie and Christelle
2	the perspective
2	of Aurelie and Christelle
2	Aurelie and Christelle
2	Aurelie and
2	infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale
3	infuses the film
2	the film
2	with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale
2	the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale
2	the sensibility
1	of a particularly nightmarish fairytale
1	a particularly nightmarish fairytale
2	particularly nightmarish fairytale
1	particularly nightmarish
3	Who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by Godfrey Reggio , with music by Philip Glass ?
1	needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by Godfrey Reggio , with music by Philip Glass ?
2	needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by Godfrey Reggio , with music by Philip Glass
2	mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by Godfrey Reggio , with music by Philip Glass
2	mind-bending drugs
2	when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by Godfrey Reggio , with music by Philip Glass
2	they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by Godfrey Reggio , with music by Philip Glass
2	can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by Godfrey Reggio , with music by Philip Glass
2	see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by Godfrey Reggio , with music by Philip Glass
3	see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by Godfrey Reggio , with music
2	see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by Godfrey Reggio ,
2	this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by Godfrey Reggio ,
2	this ,
2	the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by Godfrey Reggio ,
2	the final part
2	final part
2	of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by Godfrey Reggio ,
2	the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by Godfrey Reggio ,
2	the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by Godfrey Reggio
2	the ` qatsi ' trilogy ,
2	the ` qatsi ' trilogy
2	` qatsi ' trilogy
2	qatsi ' trilogy
2	' trilogy
2	directed by Godfrey Reggio
2	by Godfrey Reggio
2	Godfrey Reggio
2	with music
2	by Philip Glass
2	Philip Glass
3	-LRB- A -RRB- smarter and much funnier version of the old Police Academy flicks .
2	-LRB- A -RRB-
2	A -RRB-
4	smarter and much funnier version of the old Police Academy flicks .
3	smarter and much
2	smarter and
3	funnier version of the old Police Academy flicks .
3	funnier version of the old Police Academy flicks
2	version of the old Police Academy flicks
2	of the old Police Academy flicks
2	the old Police Academy flicks
2	old Police Academy flicks
2	Police Academy flicks
2	Academy flicks
4	Proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong .
1	Proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books
2	Proof once again
2	once again
1	that if the filmmakers just follow the books
2	that if
1	the filmmakers just follow the books
2	the filmmakers
2	just follow the books
2	follow the books
2	the books
3	, they ca n't go wrong .
3	they ca n't go wrong .
4	ca n't go wrong .
3	ca n't go wrong
2	ca n't
1	go wrong
4	Better effects , better acting and a hilarious Kenneth Branagh .
4	Better effects , better acting and a hilarious Kenneth Branagh
3	Better effects ,
2	Better effects
3	better acting and a hilarious Kenneth Branagh
2	better acting and
2	better acting
3	a hilarious Kenneth Branagh
3	hilarious Kenneth Branagh
2	Kenneth Branagh
4	An excellent sequel .
4	excellent sequel .
2	sequel .
4	Both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .
4	Both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement
4	a grand tour through 300 hundred years of Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement
3	a grand tour
3	grand tour
3	through 300 hundred years of Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement
3	300 hundred years of Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement
2	300 hundred years
2	300 hundred
3	of Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement
4	Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement
2	Russian cultural identity and
2	Russian cultural identity
3	cultural identity
4	a stunning technical achievement
4	stunning technical achievement
3	technical achievement
2	Just how these families interact may surprise you .
2	Just how these families interact
2	how these families interact
3	these families interact
2	these families
2	may surprise you .
3	may surprise you
3	surprise you
2	Proves that some movie formulas do n't need messing with -- like the big-bug movie .
2	Proves that some movie formulas do n't need messing with -- like the big-bug movie
3	Proves that some movie formulas do n't need messing with --
3	Proves that some movie formulas do n't need messing with
3	that some movie formulas do n't need messing with
2	some movie formulas do n't need messing with
2	some movie formulas
2	movie formulas
2	do n't need messing with
2	do n't
1	need messing with
2	messing with
2	like the big-bug movie
2	the big-bug movie
2	big-bug movie
4	A surprisingly funny movie .
3	A surprisingly funny movie
3	surprisingly funny movie
3	surprisingly funny
3	This new movie version of the Alexandre Dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit .
2	This new movie version of the Alexandre Dumas classic
2	This new movie version
2	new movie version
3	movie version
2	of the Alexandre Dumas classic
2	the Alexandre Dumas classic
3	Alexandre Dumas classic
2	Dumas classic
4	is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit .
3	is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit
4	the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit
2	the stuff
3	of high romance , brought off with considerable wit
4	high romance , brought off with considerable wit
3	high romance ,
2	high romance
4	brought off with considerable wit
2	brought off
4	with considerable wit
3	considerable wit
3	Like all of Egoyan 's work , Ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
2	Like all of Egoyan 's work
2	all of Egoyan 's work
2	of Egoyan 's work
2	Egoyan 's work
2	Egoyan 's
3	, Ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
3	Ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
4	is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
3	is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious
4	fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious
3	fiercely intelligent and
3	fiercely intelligent
3	uncommonly ambitious
3	If a big musical number like ` Praise the Lord , He 's the God of Second Chances ' does n't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
1	If a big musical number like ` Praise the Lord , He 's the God of Second Chances ' does n't put you off
2	a big musical number like ` Praise the Lord , He 's the God of Second Chances ' does n't put you off
3	a big musical number like ` Praise the Lord , He 's the God of Second Chances '
2	a big musical number
2	big musical number
3	musical number
3	like ` Praise the Lord , He 's the God of Second Chances '
3	like ` Praise the Lord
3	` Praise the Lord
2	Praise the Lord
3	the Lord
2	, He 's the God of Second Chances '
3	He 's the God of Second Chances '
2	's the God of Second Chances '
2	the God of Second Chances '
2	the God
2	of Second Chances '
2	Second Chances '
2	Chances '
3	does n't put you off
1	does n't
1	put you off
2	put you
4	, this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
4	this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
3	will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
3	will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids
4	be an enjoyable choice for younger kids
3	an enjoyable choice for younger kids
4	an enjoyable choice
4	enjoyable choice
2	for younger kids
2	younger kids
4	... fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
4	fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
4	fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
2	fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings
2	the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings
2	the events
3	of her life with the imagery in her paintings
2	her life with the imagery in her paintings
2	her life
2	with the imagery in her paintings
2	the imagery in her paintings
2	the imagery
2	in her paintings
2	her paintings
3	so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
3	so vividly
3	that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
4	the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
2	the artist 's work
2	the artist 's
2	artist 's
3	may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
3	take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
3	on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
3	a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
3	a striking new significance for anyone
2	a striking new significance
3	striking new significance
2	new significance
3	for anyone
2	who sees the film
2	sees the film
2	the film
3	-LRB- Clooney 's -RRB- debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh .
3	-LRB- Clooney 's -RRB- debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
1	-LRB- Clooney 's -RRB- debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but
1	-LRB- Clooney 's -RRB- debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined ,
1	-LRB- Clooney 's -RRB- debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined
1	Clooney 's -RRB- debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined
2	Clooney 's
1	-RRB- debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined
1	debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined
1	can be accused of being a bit undisciplined
2	be accused of being a bit undisciplined
1	accused of being a bit undisciplined
1	of being a bit undisciplined
2	being a bit undisciplined
2	a bit undisciplined
2	a bit
4	it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
4	has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
3	a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
4	a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor
3	a tremendous , offbeat sense
3	tremendous , offbeat sense
2	, offbeat sense
2	offbeat sense
2	of style and humor
3	style and humor
3	style and
2	that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
2	suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
2	he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
3	was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
3	influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
2	by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
3	some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
3	of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
2	the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
2	the filmmakers who have directed him , especially
2	the filmmakers who have directed him ,
2	the filmmakers who have directed him
2	the filmmakers
2	who have directed him
2	have directed him
2	directed him
2	the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
3	the Coen brothers and
2	the Coen brothers
2	Coen brothers
2	Steven Soderbergh
1	Although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a Lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of Middle America .
2	Although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted
1	Although made on a shoestring and unevenly
2	made on a shoestring and unevenly
2	on a shoestring and unevenly
2	a shoestring and unevenly
1	shoestring and unevenly
2	shoestring and
2	, conjures a Lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of Middle America .
2	conjures a Lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of Middle America .
1	conjures a Lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of Middle America
2	a Lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of Middle America
3	a Lynch-like vision
2	Lynch-like vision
1	of the rotting underbelly of Middle America
1	the rotting underbelly of Middle America
1	the rotting underbelly
1	rotting underbelly
2	of Middle America
2	Middle America
2	A piquant meditation on the things that prevent people from reaching happiness .
2	A piquant meditation on the things that prevent people from reaching happiness
3	A piquant meditation
2	piquant meditation
2	on the things that prevent people from reaching happiness
1	the things that prevent people from reaching happiness
2	the things
2	that prevent people from reaching happiness
2	prevent people from reaching happiness
2	prevent people
2	from reaching happiness
3	reaching happiness
3	A timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .
2	A timely
3	look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .
2	look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices
2	look back
2	at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices
3	civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices
2	civil disobedience , anti-war movements and
2	civil disobedience , anti-war movements
2	civil disobedience ,
2	civil disobedience
2	anti-war movements
3	the power of strong voices
3	the power
3	of strong voices
3	strong voices
4	Rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .
2	Rifkin 's references
2	Rifkin 's
3	are ... impeccable throughout .
4	are ... impeccable throughout
3	are ...
3	impeccable throughout
3	I 'd be lying if I said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow .
3	'd be lying if I said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow .
3	'd be lying if I said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow
4	be lying if I said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow
3	lying if I said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow
3	if I said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow
3	I said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow
2	said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow
1	my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow
3	my ribcage
2	did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow
2	did n't
1	ache by the end of Kung Pow
2	by the end of Kung Pow
2	the end of Kung Pow
2	the end
2	of Kung Pow
2	Kung Pow
4	More than their unique residences , Home Movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
3	More than their unique residences
2	than their unique residences
2	their unique residences
3	unique residences
3	, Home Movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
3	Home Movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
2	Home Movie
4	is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
3	is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it
3	about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it
3	the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it
2	the people
2	who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it
3	live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it
2	live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and
2	live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world
3	in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world
3	them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world
2	them ,
3	who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world
3	have carved their own comfortable niche in the world
3	carved their own comfortable niche in the world
2	carved their own comfortable niche
3	their own comfortable niche
2	own comfortable niche
3	comfortable niche
2	in the world
2	the world
3	have been kind enough to share it
3	been kind enough to share it
2	kind enough to share it
2	kind enough
2	to share it
3	share it
4	The movie is ingenious fun .
2	The movie
4	is ingenious fun .
3	is ingenious fun
4	ingenious fun
4	See it .
3	See it
2	The combination of lightness and strictness in this instance gives Italian for Beginners an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic .
3	The combination of lightness and strictness in this instance
2	The combination
2	of lightness and strictness in this instance
2	lightness and strictness in this instance
1	lightness and strictness
2	lightness and
2	in this instance
2	this instance
2	gives Italian for Beginners an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic .
3	gives Italian for Beginners an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic
2	gives Italian for Beginners
2	Italian for Beginners
1	for Beginners
3	an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic
2	an amiable aimlessness
2	amiable aimlessness
3	that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic
3	keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic
2	keeps it
1	from seeming predictably formulaic
1	seeming predictably formulaic
1	predictably formulaic
3	The script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .
2	The script
3	is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .
3	is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors
3	smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors
3	smart and dark -
3	smart and dark
3	smart and
3	hallelujah for small favors
2	for small favors
2	small favors
4	An intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist -LRB- not to mention gently political -RRB- meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement .
3	An intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist -LRB- not to mention gently political -RRB- meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the
3	An intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist -LRB- not to mention gently political -RRB- meditation
3	intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist -LRB- not to mention gently political -RRB- meditation
3	, multi-layered and profoundly humanist -LRB- not to mention gently political -RRB- meditation
3	multi-layered and profoundly humanist -LRB- not to mention gently political -RRB- meditation
3	multi-layered and profoundly
2	multi-layered and
3	humanist -LRB- not to mention gently political -RRB- meditation
2	-LRB- not to mention gently political -RRB- meditation
2	-LRB- not to mention gently political -RRB-
2	not to mention gently political -RRB-
2	not to mention gently political
2	to mention gently political
2	mention gently political
3	gently political
2	on the values of knowledge , education , and the
3	the values of knowledge , education , and the
2	the values
2	of knowledge , education , and the
2	knowledge , education , and the
3	knowledge , education , and
2	knowledge , education ,
2	knowledge , education
2	knowledge ,
3	affects of cultural and geographical displacement .
2	affects of cultural and geographical displacement
2	of cultural and geographical displacement
2	cultural and geographical displacement
2	cultural and geographical
2	cultural and
3	Mr. Polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
3	Mr. Polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
4	Mr. Polanski is in his element here :
3	Mr. Polanski is in his element here
2	Mr. Polanski
3	is in his element here
4	is in his element
2	in his element
2	his element
2	alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
3	, abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
2	abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
1	abandoned , but
1	abandoned ,
3	still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
2	consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
3	by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
3	his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
2	his art ,
2	his art
3	which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
3	is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
2	is more
2	than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
2	he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
2	has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
2	has ever
3	revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
2	before about the source of his spiritual survival
2	about the source of his spiritual survival
2	about the source
2	the source
3	of his spiritual survival
2	his spiritual survival
3	spiritual survival
4	Spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an Orc from a Uruk-Hai .
4	Spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t
2	in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t
2	every sense of the word , even if you don ' t
2	every sense
2	of the word , even if you don ' t
2	the word , even if you don ' t
2	the word , even if you
2	the word ,
2	the word
2	even if you
2	if you
2	don ' t
2	don '
2	know an Orc from a Uruk-Hai .
2	know an Orc from a Uruk-Hai
2	know an Orc
2	an Orc
2	from a Uruk-Hai
2	a Uruk-Hai
3	This is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny .
3	This is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny
1	This is n't exactly profound cinema , but
1	This is n't exactly profound cinema ,
2	This is n't exactly profound cinema
1	is n't exactly profound cinema
2	is n't exactly
1	is n't
4	profound cinema
3	it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny
3	's good-natured and sometimes quite funny
4	good-natured and sometimes quite funny
4	good-natured and
3	sometimes quite funny
4	quite funny
4	This is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .
4	is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .
4	is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller
4	a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller
3	a finely written ,
3	a finely written
4	finely written
4	superbly acted offbeat thriller
3	acted offbeat thriller
3	offbeat thriller
3	Tres Greek writer and star Nia Vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .
2	Tres Greek writer and star Nia Vardalos
2	Tres Greek writer and
2	Tres Greek writer
2	Greek writer
2	star Nia Vardalos
2	Nia Vardalos
4	has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .
4	has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script
4	crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script
2	crafted here
3	a worldly-wise and very funny script
4	worldly-wise and very funny script
3	worldly-wise and very funny
2	worldly-wise and
4	very funny
3	A tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more .
2	A tasty
3	appetizer that leaves you wanting more .
4	appetizer that leaves you wanting more
3	that leaves you wanting more
3	leaves you wanting more
3	you wanting more
3	wanting more
3	It gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .
1	gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .
2	gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good
1	gives devastating testimony
1	devastating testimony
3	to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good
3	both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good
2	both people 's capacity for evil and
2	both people 's capacity for evil
3	both people 's capacity
2	both people 's
2	people 's
1	for evil
3	their heroic capacity for good
3	their heroic capacity
2	heroic capacity
3	for good
3	The film reminds me of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style .
2	The film
3	reminds me of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style .
3	reminds me of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style
4	reminds me of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding --
3	reminds me of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding
2	reminds me
3	of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding
3	a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding
4	a vastly improved Germanic version
3	vastly improved Germanic version
3	vastly improved
2	Germanic version
2	of My Big Fat Greek Wedding
2	My Big Fat Greek Wedding
2	Big Fat Greek Wedding
2	Fat Greek Wedding
2	Greek Wedding
3	with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style
3	better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style
3	better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least
3	better characters , some genuine quirkiness and
2	better characters , some genuine quirkiness
3	better characters ,
3	better characters
3	some genuine quirkiness
3	genuine quirkiness
2	at least
3	a measure of style
2	a measure
2	of style
3	The difference is that I truly enjoyed most of Mostly Martha while I ne
2	The difference
3	is that I truly enjoyed most of Mostly Martha while I ne
4	that I truly enjoyed most of Mostly Martha while I ne
4	I truly enjoyed most of Mostly Martha while I ne
3	truly enjoyed most of Mostly Martha while I ne
3	enjoyed most of Mostly Martha while I ne
3	enjoyed most of Mostly Martha
2	most of Mostly Martha
2	of Mostly Martha
2	Mostly Martha
2	while I ne
2	I ne
4	Morton deserves an Oscar nomination .
4	deserves an Oscar nomination .
4	deserves an Oscar nomination
3	an Oscar nomination
3	Oscar nomination
4	A colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .
4	A colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse
3	A colorful , vibrant introduction
4	colorful , vibrant introduction
3	, vibrant introduction
3	vibrant introduction
2	to a universal human impulse
2	a universal human impulse
3	universal human impulse
2	human impulse
4	, lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .
3	lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .
3	photographed and beautifully recorded .
4	photographed and beautifully recorded
3	photographed and beautifully
2	photographed and
3	The screenplay never lets us forget that Bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... There is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' .
3	The screenplay never lets us forget that Bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... There is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them ''
2	The screenplay never lets us forget that Bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ...
3	The screenplay never lets us forget that Bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him
2	The screenplay
2	never lets us forget that Bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him
2	lets us forget that Bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him
2	us forget that Bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him
2	forget that Bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him
2	that Bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him
2	Bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him
1	was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him
2	was once an amoral assassin just
2	was once an amoral assassin
2	was once
2	an amoral assassin
1	amoral assassin
2	like the ones who are pursuing him
2	the ones who are pursuing him
2	the ones
2	who are pursuing him
2	are pursuing him
2	pursuing him
2	There is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them ''
2	is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them ''
2	is never
3	really a true `` us '' versus `` them ''
3	really a true
3	a true
2	`` us '' versus `` them ''
2	us '' versus `` them ''
2	'' versus `` them ''
2	versus `` them ''
2	`` them ''
2	them ''
4	The history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling .
4	The history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling
4	The history is fascinating ;
3	The history is fascinating
2	The history
4	is fascinating
4	the action is dazzling
2	the action
4	is dazzling
1	They just do n't work in concert .
1	just do n't work in concert .
1	do n't work in concert .
1	do n't work in concert
2	do n't
3	work in concert
2	in concert
3	For those in search of something different , Wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
2	For those in search of something different
2	those in search of something different
2	in search of something different
3	search of something different
2	of something different
3	something different
4	, Wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
3	Wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
3	is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
4	is a genuinely bone-chilling tale
3	a genuinely bone-chilling tale
3	genuinely bone-chilling tale
3	genuinely bone-chilling
3	A lovely film for the holiday season .
3	A lovely film for the holiday season
4	A lovely film
4	lovely film
2	for the holiday season
2	the holiday season
2	holiday season
2	It remains to be seen whether Statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then again , who says he has to ?
2	It remains to be seen whether Statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then again
1	remains to be seen whether Statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then again
2	to be seen whether Statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then again
2	be seen whether Statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then again
2	seen whether Statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then again
2	seen whether Statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then
2	seen whether Statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but
2	seen whether Statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre ,
3	seen whether Statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre
2	whether Statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre
2	Statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre
3	can move beyond the crime-land action genre
4	move beyond the crime-land action genre
3	beyond the crime-land action genre
2	the crime-land action genre
2	crime-land action genre
2	action genre
2	, who says he has to ?
2	who says he has to ?
1	says he has to ?
2	says he has to
2	he has to
2	has to
3	A hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .
2	A hypnotic
2	cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .
2	cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture
1	hymn and a cruel story of youth culture
2	hymn and
2	a cruel story of youth culture
1	a cruel story
1	cruel story
2	of youth culture
2	youth culture
4	It 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor .
4	's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor .
4	's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor
4	a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor
3	a fairy tale
2	fairy tale
2	that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor
3	comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor
4	from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor
3	a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor
3	a renowned Indian film culture
2	renowned Indian film culture
2	Indian film culture
2	film culture
3	that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor
3	allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor
3	Americans to finally revel in its splendor
3	to finally revel in its splendor
3	finally revel in its splendor
3	revel in its splendor
3	in its splendor
4	its splendor
4	At once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
2	At once subtle and visceral
3	once subtle and visceral
3	subtle and visceral
3	subtle and
3	, the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
3	the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
2	the film
3	never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
2	succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
2	succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future
2	succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful ,
1	succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful
2	to the trap of the maudlin or tearful
1	the trap of the maudlin or tearful
2	the trap
2	of the maudlin or tearful
2	the maudlin or tearful
2	maudlin or tearful
1	maudlin or
3	offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future
2	offering instead
3	with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future
3	its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future
2	its unflinching
2	gaze a measure of faith in the future
3	a measure of faith in the future
2	a measure
3	of faith in the future
3	faith in the future
2	in the future
2	the future
3	The performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .
2	The performances of the children , untrained in acting ,
1	The performances of the children , untrained in acting
2	The performances of the children ,
2	The performances of the children
2	The performances
2	of the children
2	the children
1	untrained in acting
2	in acting
3	have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .
4	have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart
3	an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart
3	an honesty and dignity
3	honesty and dignity
3	honesty and
1	that breaks your heart
3	breaks your heart
2	your heart
3	Despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
2	Despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity
3	its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity
2	its lavish formalism and
3	its lavish formalism
3	lavish formalism
2	intellectual austerity
3	, the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
4	the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
2	the film
4	manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
4	manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity
4	to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity
3	keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity
4	keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes
2	keep you
4	at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes
4	the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes
3	the edge
3	of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes
3	your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes
2	your seat
3	with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes
3	its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes
2	its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and
3	its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue
2	its shape-shifting perils ,
2	its shape-shifting perils
2	shape-shifting perils
2	political intrigue
1	with calamity
3	This rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .
1	This rush to profits
2	This rush
2	to profits
3	has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .
3	has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point
3	created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point
3	a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point
2	a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen ,
3	a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen
3	a predictably efficient piece
3	predictably efficient piece
3	predictably efficient
1	of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen
1	business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen
2	notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen
3	notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness
2	notable largely
2	for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness
1	for its overwhelming creepiness
2	its overwhelming creepiness
2	overwhelming creepiness
2	, for an eagerness
3	for an eagerness
2	an eagerness
0	to create images you wish you had n't seen
1	create images you wish you had n't seen
1	images you wish you had n't seen
0	you wish you had n't seen
1	wish you had n't seen
2	you had n't seen
2	had n't seen
2	had n't
2	which , in this day and age , is of course the point
2	, in this day and age , is of course the point
2	in this day and age , is of course the point
2	in this day and age
2	this day and age
2	day and age
2	day and
2	, is of course the point
2	is of course the point
2	of course the point
2	course the point
2	the point
4	Adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .
2	Adams , with four scriptwriters ,
2	Adams , with four scriptwriters
2	Adams ,
2	with four scriptwriters
2	four scriptwriters
4	takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .
3	takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel
3	takes care
3	with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel
3	the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel
2	the characters ,
2	the characters
2	who are so believable that you feel what they feel
3	are so believable that you feel what they feel
4	so believable that you feel what they feel
3	believable that you feel what they feel
3	that you feel what they feel
3	you feel what they feel
2	feel what they feel
2	what they feel
2	they feel
3	A completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration .
3	A completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside ,
3	A completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside
2	A completely spooky piece of business
2	A completely spooky piece
2	completely spooky piece
2	completely spooky
2	of business
2	that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside
3	gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside
1	gets under your skin and , some plot blips
2	under your skin and , some plot blips
2	your skin and , some plot blips
2	your skin and ,
2	your skin and
2	your skin
2	some plot blips
2	plot blips
2	stays there for the duration .
3	stays there for the duration
2	stays there
2	for the duration
2	the duration
4	Superbly photographed and staged by Mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .
3	photographed and staged by Mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .
3	photographed and staged by Mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen
3	photographed and staged by Mendes with a series of riveting set pieces
2	photographed and staged by Mendes
2	photographed and staged
2	photographed and
2	by Mendes
4	with a series of riveting set pieces
3	a series of riveting set pieces
2	a series
3	of riveting set pieces
3	riveting set pieces
2	set pieces
3	the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen
3	likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen
3	of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen
2	of which
3	mainstream audiences have rarely seen
2	mainstream audiences
3	have rarely seen
2	have rarely
4	The ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations .
3	The ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations
4	The ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and
4	The ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance ,
3	The ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance
3	The ensemble cast
3	ensemble cast
4	turns in a collectively stellar performance
4	in a collectively stellar performance
4	a collectively stellar performance
3	collectively stellar performance
4	stellar performance
4	the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations
2	the writing
3	is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations
4	tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations
3	tight and truthful ,
3	tight and truthful
2	tight and
4	full of funny situations and honest observations
3	of funny situations and honest observations
4	funny situations and honest observations
3	funny situations and
3	funny situations
3	honest observations
3	Not quite as miraculous as its DreamWorks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions .
3	Not quite as miraculous as its DreamWorks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions
2	Not quite as miraculous as its DreamWorks makers would have you believe , but
2	Not quite as miraculous as its DreamWorks makers would have you believe ,
1	Not quite as miraculous as its DreamWorks makers would have you believe
1	Not quite as miraculous as its DreamWorks makers
1	Not quite
4	as miraculous as its DreamWorks makers
4	miraculous as its DreamWorks makers
2	as its DreamWorks makers
2	its DreamWorks makers
2	DreamWorks makers
2	would have you believe
2	have you believe
2	you believe
4	it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions
3	more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions
3	more than adequately fills the eyes and
2	more than adequately fills the eyes
2	more than
3	adequately fills the eyes
3	fills the eyes
2	the eyes
3	stirs the emotions
2	the emotions
3	A properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not .
3	A properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not
3	A properly spooky film about the power of spirits
3	A properly spooky film
4	properly spooky film
3	properly spooky
2	about the power of spirits
3	the power of spirits
3	the power
2	of spirits
2	to influence us whether we believe in them or not
2	influence us whether we believe in them or not
2	influence us
2	whether we believe in them or not
2	whether we believe in them or
2	whether we believe in them
3	we believe in them
2	believe in them
2	in them
3	The lightest , most breezy movie Steven Spielberg has made in more than a decade .
3	The lightest , most breezy movie Steven Spielberg
2	The lightest ,
2	The lightest
3	most breezy movie Steven Spielberg
3	most breezy movie
3	breezy movie
2	Steven Spielberg
2	has made in more than a decade .
2	has made in more than a decade
2	made in more than a decade
2	in more than a decade
2	more than a decade
3	more than a
2	than a
3	And the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
3	the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
4	the positive change in tone
3	the positive change
3	positive change
2	in tone
3	here seems to have recharged him .
3	seems to have recharged him .
2	seems to have recharged him
2	to have recharged him
3	have recharged him
2	recharged him
4	Like Edward Norton in American History X , Ryan Gosling -LRB- Murder By Numbers -RRB- delivers a magnetic performance .
2	Like Edward Norton in American History X
2	Edward Norton in American History X
2	Edward Norton
2	in American History X
2	American History X
2	History X
4	, Ryan Gosling -LRB- Murder By Numbers -RRB- delivers a magnetic performance .
4	Ryan Gosling -LRB- Murder By Numbers -RRB- delivers a magnetic performance .
2	Ryan Gosling -LRB- Murder By Numbers -RRB-
2	Ryan Gosling
2	-LRB- Murder By Numbers -RRB-
2	Murder By Numbers -RRB-
2	Murder By Numbers
2	By Numbers
3	delivers a magnetic performance .
4	delivers a magnetic performance
4	a magnetic performance
4	magnetic performance
4	This is a very funny , heartwarming film .
4	is a very funny , heartwarming film .
4	is a very funny , heartwarming film
4	a very funny , heartwarming film
4	very funny , heartwarming film
4	very funny
4	, heartwarming film
3	heartwarming film
4	It has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .
4	It has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect
3	It has fun with the quirks of family life , but
3	It has fun with the quirks of family life ,
3	It has fun with the quirks of family life
3	has fun with the quirks of family life
4	fun with the quirks of family life
2	with the quirks of family life
2	the quirks of family life
2	the quirks
2	of family life
2	family life
4	it also treats the subject with fondness and respect
3	also treats the subject with fondness and respect
4	treats the subject with fondness and respect
4	the subject with fondness and respect
2	the subject
3	with fondness and respect
3	fondness and respect
2	fondness and
4	Rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
4	, indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
3	indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
2	indeed almost never
2	indeed almost
3	, is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
4	is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
4	is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema
4	such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema
3	such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and
4	such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting
4	such high-wattage brainpower
4	high-wattage brainpower
4	coupled with pitch-perfect acting
4	with pitch-perfect acting
4	pitch-perfect acting
3	an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema
3	an exquisite , unfakable sense
3	exquisite , unfakable sense
2	, unfakable sense
2	unfakable sense
2	of cinema
3	The leanest and meanest of Solondz 's misanthropic comedies .
3	The leanest and meanest of Solondz 's misanthropic comedies
3	The leanest and meanest
2	leanest and meanest
2	leanest and
2	of Solondz 's misanthropic comedies
2	Solondz 's misanthropic comedies
2	Solondz 's
1	misanthropic comedies
4	A dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .
3	A dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation
2	A dark ,
2	A dark
3	quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation
2	quirky road movie
2	road movie
3	that constantly defies expectation
4	constantly defies expectation
4	defies expectation
3	There are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's going to be a trip .
3	There are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's going to be a trip
2	There are some movies that hit you from the first scene and
3	There are some movies that hit you from the first scene
3	are some movies that hit you from the first scene
3	some movies that hit you from the first scene
2	some movies
2	that hit you from the first scene
3	hit you from the first scene
2	hit you
2	from the first scene
2	the first scene
3	first scene
3	you know it 's going to be a trip
2	know it 's going to be a trip
3	it 's going to be a trip
2	's going to be a trip
2	going to be a trip
2	to be a trip
2	be a trip
3	a trip
2	Igby Goes Down is one of those movies .
2	Igby Goes
2	Down is one of those movies .
2	is one of those movies .
2	is one of those movies
3	one of those movies
2	of those movies
2	those movies
3	Often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it 's very much like life itself .
3	Often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments
3	messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments
0	messy and frustrating ,
1	messy and frustrating
1	messy and
4	but very pleasing at its best moments
3	very pleasing at its best moments
3	pleasing at its best moments
3	at its best moments
3	its best moments
3	best moments
2	, it 's very much like life itself .
3	it 's very much like life itself .
2	's very much like life itself .
3	's very much like life itself
2	's very much like life
3	very much like life
2	very much
3	like life
4	A burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .
3	A burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at
2	A burst
3	of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at
4	color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at
2	color , music , and dance
2	, music , and dance
2	music , and dance
2	, and dance
3	, and
2	that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at
4	only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at
2	only the most practiced curmudgeon
3	the most practiced curmudgeon
2	most practiced curmudgeon
3	most practiced
1	could fail to crack a smile at
1	fail to crack a smile at
3	to crack a smile at
3	crack a smile at
3	crack a smile
3	a smile
3	An energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up .
3	An energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up
3	An energetic , violent movie
3	energetic , violent movie
1	, violent movie
2	violent movie
4	with a momentum that never lets up
3	a momentum that never lets up
2	a momentum
2	that never lets up
2	never lets up
2	lets up
3	Lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as Byron and Luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter .
3	Lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as Byron and Luther ...
3	Lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as Byron and Luther
2	Lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love ,
2	Lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love
2	Lasker 's
2	canny , meditative script distances sex and love
3	canny , meditative
3	, meditative
2	script distances sex and love
2	distances sex and love
2	sex and love
2	sex and
2	as Byron and Luther
3	Byron and Luther
2	Byron and
2	realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter .
2	realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter
2	they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter
1	ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter
2	ca n't
2	get no satisfaction without the latter
1	get no satisfaction
1	no satisfaction
2	without the latter
2	the latter
4	It turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .
3	turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .
2	turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning
2	turns out
4	to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning
3	be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning
3	be smarter and more diabolical
3	smarter and more diabolical
2	smarter and more
2	smarter and
3	than you could have guessed at the beginning
2	you could have guessed at the beginning
1	could have guessed at the beginning
2	have guessed at the beginning
2	guessed at the beginning
2	at the beginning
2	the beginning
3	Cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .
3	makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .
3	makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera
3	an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera
3	an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut
3	unusual but pleasantly haunting debut
2	unusual but pleasantly
2	unusual but
2	haunting debut
2	behind the camera
2	the camera
4	Noyce has worked wonders with the material .
3	has worked wonders with the material .
3	has worked wonders with the material
4	worked wonders with the material
4	worked wonders
2	with the material
2	the material
3	It 's mostly a pleasure to watch .
4	's mostly a pleasure to watch .
3	's mostly a pleasure to watch
2	's mostly
3	a pleasure to watch
4	pleasure to watch
2	to watch
3	And the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
3	the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
2	the reason for that
2	the reason
2	for that
3	is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
3	is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence
4	a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence
3	self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence
3	self-aware , often self-mocking ,
2	, often self-mocking ,
2	often self-mocking ,
1	self-mocking ,
3	The Chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .
2	The Chateau
4	is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .
2	is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy
3	a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy
2	a risky venture
2	risky venture
3	that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy
3	never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy
1	never quite
3	goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy
4	where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy
4	you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy
3	expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy
2	expect and
3	often surprises you with unexpected comedy
3	surprises you with unexpected comedy
4	surprises you
3	with unexpected comedy
3	unexpected comedy
3	A very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the World Trade Center tragedy .
3	A very well-meaning movie , and it
3	A very well-meaning movie , and
3	A very well-meaning movie ,
3	very well-meaning movie ,
4	very well-meaning
2	movie ,
4	will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the World Trade Center tragedy .
4	will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the World Trade Center tragedy
3	stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the World Trade Center tragedy
3	stand in future years as an eloquent memorial
3	in future years as an eloquent memorial
3	future years as an eloquent memorial
2	future years
3	as an eloquent memorial
4	an eloquent memorial
3	eloquent memorial
1	to the World Trade Center tragedy
2	the World Trade Center tragedy
1	World Trade Center tragedy
1	Trade Center tragedy
2	Center tragedy
3	There are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys .
3	There are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys
1	There are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but
1	There are n't many conclusive answers in the film ,
1	There are n't many conclusive answers in the film
1	are n't many conclusive answers in the film
1	are n't
3	many conclusive answers in the film
2	many conclusive answers
2	conclusive answers
2	in the film
2	the film
4	there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys
3	is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys
4	an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys
3	an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys
3	an interesting story
3	interesting story
3	of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys
3	pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys
2	pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and
3	pointed personalities , courage , tragedy
3	pointed personalities , courage ,
2	pointed personalities , courage
2	pointed personalities ,
3	pointed personalities
2	the little guys
2	little guys
2	vs. the big guys
2	the big guys
2	big guys
4	Vividly demonstrates that the director of such Hollywood blockbusters as Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .
4	demonstrates that the director of such Hollywood blockbusters as Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .
3	demonstrates that the director of such Hollywood blockbusters as Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
3	that the director of such Hollywood blockbusters as Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
3	the director of such Hollywood blockbusters as Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
2	the director of such Hollywood
2	the director
2	of such Hollywood
2	such Hollywood
3	blockbusters as Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
3	as Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
3	Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
2	Patriot Games
3	can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
2	can still
3	turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
2	turn out a small , personal film
2	turn out
3	a small , personal film
3	small , personal film
3	, personal film
2	personal film
2	with an emotional wallop
3	an emotional wallop
2	emotional wallop
3	A four star performance from Kevin Kline who unfortunately works with a two star script .
4	A four star performance from Kevin Kline who unfortunately works with a two star script
3	A four star performance
4	four star performance
4	star performance
1	from Kevin Kline who unfortunately works with a two star script
1	Kevin Kline who unfortunately works with a two star script
2	Kevin Kline
1	who unfortunately works with a two star script
2	unfortunately works with a two star script
2	works with a two star script
2	with a two star script
1	a two star script
1	two star script
3	star script
3	Dogtown & Z-Boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of James Dean .
2	Dogtown & Z-Boys
2	Dogtown &
3	evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of James Dean .
3	evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of James Dean
2	evokes the blithe rebel fantasy
2	the blithe rebel fantasy
3	blithe rebel fantasy
2	rebel fantasy
2	with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of James Dean
3	the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of James Dean
2	the kind
2	of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of James Dean
2	insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of James Dean
3	embedded in the sexy demise of James Dean
2	in the sexy demise of James Dean
2	the sexy demise of James Dean
2	the sexy demise
2	sexy demise
2	of James Dean
2	James Dean
2	If you do n't flee , you might be seduced .
2	If you do n't flee
2	you do n't flee
2	do n't flee
2	do n't
2	, you might be seduced .
3	you might be seduced .
2	might be seduced .
2	might be seduced
2	be seduced
2	If you do n't laugh , flee .
3	If you do n't laugh
2	you do n't laugh
2	do n't laugh
2	do n't
1	, flee .
2	flee .
3	Payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle America and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .
3	constructs a hilarious ode to middle America and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .
3	constructs a hilarious ode to middle America and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human
3	constructs a hilarious ode to middle America and middle age with this unlikely odyssey ,
4	constructs a hilarious ode to middle America and middle age with this unlikely odyssey
4	a hilarious ode to middle America and middle age with this unlikely odyssey
3	a hilarious ode to middle America and
4	a hilarious ode to middle America
4	a hilarious ode
4	hilarious ode
2	to middle America
2	middle America
2	middle age with this unlikely odyssey
2	middle age
2	with this unlikely odyssey
2	this unlikely odyssey
2	unlikely odyssey
2	featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human
2	a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human
3	a pathetic , endearing hero
2	pathetic , endearing hero
3	pathetic , endearing
3	, endearing
2	who is all too human
2	is all too human
2	is all
2	too human
3	Koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation .
2	Koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation
3	Koury frighteningly and honestly exposes
2	Koury frighteningly and honestly
2	Koury frighteningly and
2	Koury frighteningly
2	one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation
2	one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn ,
1	one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and
2	one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment
2	one teenager 's
2	teenager 's
1	uncomfortable class resentment
1	class resentment
2	, in turn ,
2	in turn ,
2	in turn
1	his self-inflicted retaliation
1	self-inflicted retaliation
3	The Santa Clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .
2	The Santa Clause 2
2	Santa Clause 2
2	Clause 2
4	proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .
3	proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be
2	proves itself a more streamlined and
3	proves itself a more streamlined
2	itself a more streamlined
2	a more streamlined
3	more streamlined
3	thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be
3	thought out
3	encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be
2	than the original could ever have hoped to be
3	the original could ever have hoped to be
3	the original
3	could ever have hoped to be
2	could ever
2	have hoped to be
2	hoped to be
2	to be
3	Now as a former Gong Show addict , I 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .
3	Now as a former Gong Show addict
2	as a former Gong Show addict
2	a former Gong Show addict
1	former Gong Show addict
2	Gong Show addict
2	Show addict
3	, I 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .
2	, I 'll admit it ,
2	I 'll admit it ,
2	I 'll admit it
2	'll admit it
2	admit it
2	my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .
1	my only complaint
2	only complaint
2	is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .
1	is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show
2	that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show
1	we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show
2	did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show
2	did n't
3	get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show
3	get more re-creations of all those famous moments
3	more re-creations of all those famous moments
2	more re-creations
3	of all those famous moments
3	all those famous moments
3	those famous moments
3	famous moments
2	from the show
2	the show
3	Succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .
3	Succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably
1	where its recent predecessor miserably
1	its recent predecessor miserably
2	its recent predecessor
2	recent predecessor
1	fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .
0	fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides
2	because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides
3	it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides
1	demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides
2	that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides
1	you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides
2	suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides
2	suffer the dreadfulness of war
2	the dreadfulness of war
0	the dreadfulness
1	of war
2	from both sides
2	both sides
3	The first Bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun .
3	The first Bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun
2	The first Bond movie
2	first Bond movie
2	Bond movie
2	in ages that is n't fake fun
3	ages that is n't fake fun
2	that is n't fake fun
2	is n't fake fun
1	is n't
2	fake fun
4	This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .
4	This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one
2	This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and
3	This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze --
3	This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze
3	This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music ,
3	This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music
3	This odd , poetic road movie ,
2	This odd , poetic road movie
3	odd , poetic road movie
2	, poetic road movie
3	poetic road movie
2	road movie
3	spiked by jolts of pop music
2	by jolts of pop music
2	jolts of pop music
2	of pop music
2	pop music
2	pretty much takes place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze
2	pretty much
3	takes place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze
2	place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze
2	in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze
2	Morton 's ever-watchful gaze
2	Morton 's
2	ever-watchful gaze
4	it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one
4	's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one
3	's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director ,
3	's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director
3	a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director
3	a tribute
3	to the actress , and to her inventive director
2	to the actress
2	the actress
3	, and to her inventive director
3	, and
3	to her inventive director
3	her inventive director
4	inventive director
4	that the journey is such a mesmerizing one
4	the journey is such a mesmerizing one
2	the journey
3	is such a mesmerizing one
4	such a mesmerizing one
4	a mesmerizing one
4	mesmerizing one
4	A film centering on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but Mira Nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .
4	A film centering on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but Mira Nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences
2	A film centering on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but
2	A film centering on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi may not sound like specialized fare ,
1	A film centering on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi may not sound like specialized fare
2	A film centering on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi
2	A film
2	centering on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi
3	on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi
2	a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi
2	a traditional Indian wedding
2	traditional Indian wedding
2	Indian wedding
2	in contemporary New Delhi
2	contemporary New Delhi
2	New Delhi
2	may not sound like specialized fare
1	may not
2	sound like specialized fare
2	like specialized fare
2	specialized fare
4	Mira Nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences
2	Mira Nair 's film
2	Mira Nair 's
2	Nair 's
4	is an absolute delight for all audiences
4	an absolute delight for all audiences
4	an absolute delight
3	absolute delight
3	for all audiences
2	all audiences
4	A weird and wonderful comedy .
4	A weird and wonderful comedy
4	weird and wonderful comedy
3	weird and wonderful
2	weird and
3	The movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
2	The movie
3	should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
4	should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
4	jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
3	jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and
4	jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs ,
3	jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs
3	jolt you out of your seat a couple of times ,
2	jolt you out of your seat a couple of times
3	jolt you out
3	jolt you
2	of your seat a couple of times
3	your seat a couple of times
2	your seat
2	a couple of times
2	a couple
2	of times
3	give you a few laughs
3	give you
3	a few laughs
2	few laughs
2	leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
2	you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
1	feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
2	like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
2	like it was worth your seven bucks , even
3	like it was worth your seven bucks ,
3	like it was worth your seven bucks
4	it was worth your seven bucks
3	was worth your seven bucks
3	worth your seven bucks
2	your seven bucks
2	seven bucks
2	though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
1	it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
1	does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
0	turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
2	turn out
1	to be a bit of a cheat in the end
1	be a bit of a cheat in the end
1	a bit of a cheat in the end
2	a bit
2	of a cheat in the end
1	a cheat in the end
2	a cheat
2	in the end
2	the end
3	Has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope .
3	Has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope
3	the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope
2	the capability
4	of effecting change and inspiring hope
3	effecting change and inspiring hope
2	effecting change and
3	effecting change
3	inspiring hope
4	A first-class , thoroughly involving B movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film .
3	A first-class , thoroughly involving B movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film
4	A first-class , thoroughly involving B movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres --
4	A first-class , thoroughly involving B movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres
4	A first-class , thoroughly involving B movie
2	first-class , thoroughly involving B movie
4	first-class , thoroughly involving
3	, thoroughly involving
4	thoroughly involving
1	B movie
3	that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres
4	effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres
4	combines two surefire , beloved genres
3	two surefire , beloved genres
4	surefire , beloved genres
3	, beloved genres
3	beloved genres
2	the prison flick and the fight film
2	the prison flick and
2	the prison flick
2	prison flick
2	the fight film
2	fight film
4	LaBute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .
2	LaBute 's careful handling
2	LaBute 's
2	careful handling
3	makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .
3	makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering
3	the material seem genuine rather than pandering
2	the material
4	seem genuine rather than pandering
4	genuine rather than pandering
2	rather than pandering
2	than pandering
1	In between all the emotional seesawing , it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .
2	In between all the emotional seesawing
2	between all the emotional seesawing
2	all the emotional seesawing
2	the emotional seesawing
1	emotional seesawing
1	, it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .
1	it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .
1	's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .
2	's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived
2	hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived
3	to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived
2	figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived
3	the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived
2	the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times
2	the depth
2	of these two literary figures , and even the times
3	these two literary figures , and even the times
2	these two literary figures , and even
2	these two literary figures , and
2	these two literary figures ,
2	these two literary figures
2	two literary figures
2	literary figures
2	the times
2	in which they lived
2	in which
2	they lived
3	But they fascinate in their recklessness .
3	they fascinate in their recklessness .
2	fascinate in their recklessness .
3	fascinate in their recklessness
1	in their recklessness
1	their recklessness
3	Death to Smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of DeVito 's misanthropic vision .
3	Death to Smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of DeVito 's misanthropic vision
2	Death to Smoochy is often very funny , but
3	Death to Smoochy is often very funny ,
3	Death to Smoochy is often very funny
2	Death to Smoochy
2	to Smoochy
4	is often very funny
2	is often
4	very funny
4	what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of DeVito 's misanthropic vision
3	what 's even more remarkable
3	's even more remarkable
3	even more remarkable
2	more remarkable
2	is the integrity of DeVito 's misanthropic vision
2	the integrity of DeVito 's misanthropic vision
3	the integrity
1	of DeVito 's misanthropic vision
3	DeVito 's misanthropic vision
2	DeVito 's
2	misanthropic vision
4	A beautiful , entertaining two hours .
4	A beautiful , entertaining two hours
4	beautiful , entertaining two hours
4	beautiful ,
4	entertaining two hours
2	two hours
2	You get the idea , though , that Kapur intended the film to be more than that .
2	get the idea , though , that Kapur intended the film to be more than that .
2	get the idea , though , that Kapur intended the film to be more than that
2	get the idea , though ,
3	get the idea , though
2	get the idea ,
2	get the idea
2	the idea
2	that Kapur intended the film to be more than that
2	Kapur intended the film to be more than that
1	intended the film to be more than that
2	the film to be more than that
2	film to be more than that
2	to be more than that
2	be more than that
2	be more
2	than that
3	A wonderful , ghastly film .
3	A wonderful , ghastly film
4	wonderful , ghastly film
4	wonderful , ghastly
1	, ghastly
4	Amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop .
3	Amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community
3	the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community
2	the new populist comedies
2	new populist comedies
2	populist comedies
3	that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community
3	underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community
2	the importance of family tradition and familial community
2	the importance
3	of family tradition and familial community
2	family tradition and familial community
2	family tradition and
2	family tradition
2	familial community
4	, one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop .
4	one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop .
3	would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop .
3	would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop
3	be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop
3	hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop
3	to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop
3	find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop
2	find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart
3	a movie with a bigger , fatter heart
2	a movie
2	with a bigger , fatter heart
2	a bigger , fatter heart
3	bigger , fatter heart
2	, fatter heart
2	fatter heart
2	than Barbershop
3	Parris ' performance is credible and remarkably mature .
2	Parris ' performance
2	Parris '
3	is credible and remarkably mature .
3	is credible and remarkably mature
4	credible and remarkably mature
2	credible and
4	remarkably mature
2	` Enigma ' is the kind of engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers . '
3	Enigma ' is the kind of engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers . '
3	' is the kind of engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers . '
4	is the kind of engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers . '
4	is the kind of engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers .
4	is the kind of engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers
3	the kind of engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers
2	the kind
3	of engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers
3	engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers
3	engaging historical drama
2	historical drama
2	that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers
2	Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers
2	appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers
2	to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers
2	have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers
2	given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers
2	given up on in favor of sentimental war movies
1	given up
2	on in favor of sentimental war movies
3	in favor of sentimental war movies
3	favor of sentimental war movies
3	of sentimental war movies
3	sentimental war movies
1	war movies
2	in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers
2	the vein of ` We Were Soldiers
2	the vein
3	of ` We Were Soldiers
2	of `
3	We Were Soldiers
2	Were Soldiers
3	Munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters .
2	Munch 's screenplay
2	Munch 's
3	is tenderly observant of his characters .
4	is tenderly observant of his characters
3	tenderly observant of his characters
3	observant of his characters
2	of his characters
2	his characters
3	He watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities .
2	watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities .
2	watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities
2	watches them
2	as they float within the seas of their personalities
2	they float within the seas of their personalities
2	float within the seas of their personalities
3	within the seas of their personalities
2	the seas of their personalities
2	the seas
2	of their personalities
2	their personalities
2	His scenes are short and often unexpected .
2	His scenes
2	are short and often unexpected .
2	are short and often unexpected
2	are short and often
2	short and often
2	short and
3	It grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .
3	grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .
3	grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration
2	grabs you in the dark and
2	grabs you in the dark
3	grabs you
2	in the dark
1	the dark
4	shakes you vigorously for its duration
3	shakes you vigorously
2	shakes you
2	for its duration
2	its duration
2	Leigh 's daring here is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .
2	Leigh 's daring
2	Leigh 's
3	here is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .
2	is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .
2	is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other
3	that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other
3	without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other
3	without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy
2	once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy
2	denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy
2	the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy
2	the hardscrabble lives
1	hardscrabble lives
2	of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy
1	people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy
2	on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy
2	the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy
1	the economic fringes
2	economic fringes
2	of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy
1	Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy
2	Margaret Thatcher 's
2	Thatcher 's
2	ruinous legacy
3	, he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other
2	he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other
4	insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other
3	insists on the importance of those moments
3	on the importance of those moments
2	the importance of those moments
2	the importance
2	of those moments
2	those moments
4	when people can connect and express their love for each other
3	people can connect and express their love for each other
2	can connect and express their love for each other
2	connect and express their love for each other
3	connect and express their love
2	connect and express
2	connect and
2	their love
3	for each other
2	each other
3	Hashiguchi vividly captures the way young Japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .
3	vividly captures the way young Japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .
3	captures the way young Japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .
3	captures the way young Japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse
2	the way young Japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse
2	the way
2	young Japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse
2	young Japanese
2	live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse
2	live now ,
2	live now
2	chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse
2	against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse
3	their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse
2	their culture 's manic mix
2	their culture 's
2	culture 's
2	manic mix
2	of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse
2	millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse
2	millennial brusqueness and
2	millennial brusqueness
2	undying , traditional politesse
2	, traditional politesse
2	traditional politesse
3	Uneven but a lot of fun .
3	Uneven but a lot of fun
2	Uneven but a lot
2	but a lot
2	a lot
3	of fun
3	I know that I 'll never listen to Marvin Gaye or the Supremes the same way again
3	know that I 'll never listen to Marvin Gaye or the Supremes the same way again
3	that I 'll never listen to Marvin Gaye or the Supremes the same way again
2	I 'll never listen to Marvin Gaye or the Supremes the same way again
2	'll never listen to Marvin Gaye or the Supremes the same way again
2	'll never
3	listen to Marvin Gaye or the Supremes the same way again
2	listen to Marvin Gaye or the Supremes the same way
2	to Marvin Gaye or the Supremes the same way
2	Marvin Gaye or the Supremes the same way
2	Marvin Gaye or
2	Marvin Gaye
2	the Supremes the same way
2	the Supremes
2	the same way
2	same way
4	The two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .
4	The two leads , nearly perfect in their roles ,
4	The two leads , nearly perfect in their roles
2	The two leads ,
2	The two leads
2	two leads
4	nearly perfect in their roles
4	perfect in their roles
2	in their roles
2	their roles
3	bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .
3	bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie
4	a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie
2	a heart and reality
2	heart and reality
2	heart and
3	that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie
3	buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie
4	the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie
2	the film , and at times ,
2	the film , and at times
2	the film , and at
2	the film , and
2	the film ,
2	the film
2	elevate it to a superior crime movie
2	elevate it
3	to a superior crime movie
4	a superior crime movie
3	superior crime movie
2	crime movie
3	Not as good as The Full Monty , but a really strong second effort .
3	as good as The Full Monty , but a really strong second effort .
3	as good as The Full Monty , but a really strong second effort
3	good as The Full Monty , but a really strong second effort
2	as The Full Monty , but a really strong second effort
3	The Full Monty , but a really strong second effort
3	The Full Monty , but
2	The Full Monty ,
2	The Full Monty
2	Full Monty
3	a really strong second effort
4	really strong second effort
2	really strong
2	second effort
3	Whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .
1	Whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy
1	it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy
2	threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy
1	to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy
1	get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy
0	bogged down in earnest dramaturgy
2	down in earnest dramaturgy
3	in earnest dramaturgy
3	earnest dramaturgy
2	, a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .
3	a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .
3	a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle
4	a stirring visual sequence
3	stirring visual sequence
2	visual sequence
3	like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle
2	a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle
2	a surge through swirling rapids or
2	a surge through swirling rapids
2	a surge
2	through swirling rapids
2	swirling rapids
4	a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle
2	a leap
3	from pinnacle to pinnacle
2	pinnacle to pinnacle
2	to pinnacle
3	rouses us .
3	rouses us
2	If horses could fly , this is surely what they 'd look like .
2	If horses could fly
2	horses could fly
2	could fly
3	, this is surely what they 'd look like .
2	this is surely what they 'd look like .
2	is surely what they 'd look like .
2	is surely what they 'd look like
3	is surely
2	what they 'd look like
2	they 'd look like
2	'd look like
2	look like
3	Unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from France .
1	Unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from France
4	Unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades
3	Unfolds as one
2	as one
3	of the most politically audacious films of recent decades
3	the most politically audacious films of recent decades
2	the most politically audacious films
3	most politically audacious films
3	most politically audacious
3	politically audacious
2	of recent decades
2	recent decades
2	from any country , but especially from France
2	from any country
1	any country
2	, but especially from France
2	but especially from France
2	especially from France
2	from France
3	This real-life Hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies Hollywood produces .
3	This real-life Hollywood fairy-tale
3	real-life Hollywood fairy-tale
2	Hollywood fairy-tale
3	is more engaging than the usual fantasies Hollywood produces .
3	is more engaging than the usual fantasies Hollywood produces
2	is more
3	engaging than the usual fantasies Hollywood produces
2	than the usual fantasies Hollywood produces
2	the usual fantasies Hollywood produces
2	the usual fantasies Hollywood
2	usual fantasies Hollywood
2	fantasies Hollywood
3	The graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn Croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real .
2	The graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn Croatia
2	The graphic carnage and re-creation
2	graphic carnage and re-creation
2	carnage and re-creation
1	carnage and
1	of war-torn Croatia
2	war-torn Croatia
3	is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real .
2	is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real
3	uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real
3	uncomfortably timely , relevant , and
3	uncomfortably timely , relevant ,
3	uncomfortably timely , relevant
2	uncomfortably timely ,
2	uncomfortably timely
3	sickeningly real
3	Left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of Charlotte 's web of desire and desperation .
2	Left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of Charlotte 's web of desire and desperation
2	Left me
3	with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of Charlotte 's web of desire and desperation
2	the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of Charlotte 's web of desire and desperation
3	the visceral sensation
3	visceral sensation
3	of longing , lasting traces of Charlotte 's web of desire and desperation
2	longing , lasting traces of Charlotte 's web of desire and desperation
2	longing ,
2	lasting traces of Charlotte 's web of desire and desperation
3	lasting traces of Charlotte 's web
3	lasting traces
2	of Charlotte 's web
2	Charlotte 's web
2	Charlotte 's
2	of desire and desperation
2	desire and desperation
2	desire and
3	The characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .
2	The characters
2	are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .
3	are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films
2	are more deeply
2	more deeply
3	thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films
3	through than in most ` right-thinking ' films
2	than in most ` right-thinking ' films
2	than in most
2	in most
2	` right-thinking ' films
3	right-thinking ' films
2	' films
3	Crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy .
3	Crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy
2	Crammed with incident , and
2	Crammed with incident ,
2	Crammed with incident
2	with incident
3	bristles with passion and energy
3	with passion and energy
4	passion and energy
2	passion and
3	It 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .
3	's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .
3	's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty
4	fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty
3	, splashy and entertainingly nasty
3	splashy and entertainingly nasty
3	splashy and
3	entertainingly nasty
4	A simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .
4	A simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances
2	A simple tale of an unlikely friendship
3	A simple tale
3	simple tale
2	of an unlikely friendship
2	an unlikely friendship
2	unlikely friendship
3	, but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances
2	, but
3	thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances
3	to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances
4	the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances
4	the gorgeous locales and
3	the gorgeous locales
3	gorgeous locales
4	exceptional lead performances
3	lead performances
3	, it has considerable charm .
4	it has considerable charm .
4	has considerable charm .
3	has considerable charm
3	considerable charm
3	It might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard French film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience .
3	It might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard French film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience
2	It might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but
2	It might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home ,
1	It might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home
2	might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home
2	be ` easier ' to watch on video at home
2	be ` easier '
2	be ` easier
2	be `
2	to watch on video at home
1	watch on video at home
2	watch on video
2	on video
2	at home
3	that should n't stop die-hard French film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience
2	should n't stop die-hard French film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience
2	should n't
2	stop die-hard French film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience
2	stop die-hard French film connoisseurs
3	die-hard French film connoisseurs
2	French film connoisseurs
2	film connoisseurs
2	from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience
3	going out and enjoying the big-screen experience
2	going out and
2	going out
4	enjoying the big-screen experience
2	the big-screen experience
3	big-screen experience
2	There 's very little sense to what 's going on here , but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash .
1	There 's very little sense to what 's going on here , but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash
1	There 's very little sense to what 's going on here , but
0	There 's very little sense to what 's going on here ,
1	There 's very little sense to what 's going on here
1	's very little sense to what 's going on here
1	very little sense to what 's going on here
1	very little sense
2	very little
2	to what 's going on here
1	what 's going on here
2	's going on here
2	going on here
2	going on
2	the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash
2	the makers
2	serve up the cliches with considerable dash
2	serve up
1	the cliches with considerable dash
1	the cliches
2	with considerable dash
2	considerable dash
4	Witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .
3	, contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .
4	contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .
4	contemplative , and sublimely beautiful
3	contemplative , and
2	contemplative ,
4	sublimely beautiful
3	A surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director Malcolm D. Lee and writer John Ridley .
3	A surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director Malcolm D. Lee and writer John Ridley
3	A surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director
3	A surprisingly ` solid ' achievement
4	surprisingly ` solid ' achievement
3	surprisingly ` solid '
2	` solid '
3	solid '
2	by director
2	Malcolm D. Lee and writer John Ridley
2	Malcolm D. Lee and
3	Malcolm D. Lee
2	D. Lee
2	writer John Ridley
2	John Ridley
3	Woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from Lonely Boy to Do n't Look Back .
3	Woven together handsomely
2	Woven together
2	, recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from Lonely Boy to Do n't Look Back .
3	recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from Lonely Boy to Do n't Look Back .
3	recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from Lonely Boy to
2	recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from Lonely Boy
2	recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones
3	sixties ' rockumentary milestones
2	sixties '
2	rockumentary milestones
2	from Lonely Boy
2	Lonely Boy
2	Do n't Look Back .
2	Do n't Look Back
1	Do n't
2	Look Back
4	This is pure , exciting moviemaking .
4	is pure , exciting moviemaking .
4	is pure , exciting moviemaking
4	pure , exciting moviemaking
2	pure ,
4	exciting moviemaking
2	You wo n't exactly know what 's happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted .
3	wo n't exactly know what 's happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted .
2	wo n't exactly know what 's happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted
2	wo n't exactly
2	wo n't
3	know what 's happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted
3	what 's happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted
3	's happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted
3	happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted
3	but you 'll be blissfully exhausted
2	you 'll be blissfully exhausted
2	'll be blissfully exhausted
3	be blissfully exhausted
3	blissfully exhausted
2	The 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you ca n't fight your culture .
1	The 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you ca n't fight your culture
1	The 1960s rebellion was misdirected :
1	The 1960s rebellion was misdirected
2	The 1960s rebellion
1	1960s rebellion
2	was misdirected
2	you ca n't fight your culture
2	ca n't fight your culture
2	ca n't
2	fight your culture
2	your culture
4	Works because Reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .
3	Works because Reno
2	because Reno
2	does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .
3	does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience
1	does n't
2	become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience
1	become smug or sanctimonious
1	smug or sanctimonious
2	smug or
2	towards the audience
2	the audience
3	Nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .
4	... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .
4	has a pleasing way with a metaphor .
3	has a pleasing way with a metaphor
3	a pleasing way with a metaphor
3	a pleasing way
3	pleasing way
2	with a metaphor
2	a metaphor
2	A pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals will gulp down in a frenzy .
1	A pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals
3	A pure participatory event
2	pure participatory event
2	participatory event
2	that malnourished intellectuals
1	malnourished intellectuals
2	will gulp down in a frenzy .
2	will gulp down in a frenzy
2	gulp down in a frenzy
2	gulp down
2	in a frenzy
2	a frenzy
3	The cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .
2	The cast
3	delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .
2	delivers without sham the raw-nerved story
3	without sham the raw-nerved story
2	sham the raw-nerved story
2	the raw-nerved story
3	raw-nerved story
3	Steven Soderbergh 's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .
2	Steven Soderbergh 's digital video experiment
2	Steven Soderbergh 's
2	Soderbergh 's
2	digital video experiment
2	video experiment
4	is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .
3	is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life
3	a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life
3	a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look
3	clever and cutting , quick and dirty look
4	clever and cutting
3	clever and
2	, quick and dirty look
2	quick and dirty look
2	quick and dirty
2	quick and
2	at modern living and movie life
2	modern living and movie life
2	living and movie life
3	and movie life
2	movie life
3	The film 's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations .
3	The film 's highlight
2	The film 's
2	film 's
3	is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations .
3	is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations
2	is definitely its screenplay ,
2	is definitely its screenplay
2	is definitely
2	its screenplay
4	both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations
4	for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations
4	the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations
3	the rhapsodic dialogue
2	rhapsodic dialogue
4	that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations
4	jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations
3	off the page , and for the memorable character creations
2	off the page
2	the page
3	, and for the memorable character creations
3	, and
3	for the memorable character creations
3	the memorable character creations
3	memorable character creations
3	character creations
3	It lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .
3	lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .
2	lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho
3	lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho ,
3	lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho
2	you brush up against the humanity of a psycho
2	brush up against the humanity of a psycho
2	brush up
2	against the humanity of a psycho
2	the humanity of a psycho
2	the humanity
2	of a psycho
1	a psycho
2	without making him any less psycho
2	making him any less psycho
2	him any less psycho
1	any less psycho
3	less psycho
4	Sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first -LRB- as best I remember -RRB- , but still a very good time at the cinema .
3	Sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first -LRB- as best I remember -RRB- , but still a very good time at the cinema
3	Sillier , cuter , and
3	Sillier , cuter ,
3	Sillier , cuter
2	Sillier ,
3	shorter than the first -LRB- as best I remember -RRB- , but still a very good time at the cinema
2	shorter than the first -LRB- as best I remember -RRB- , but still
2	shorter than the first -LRB- as best I remember -RRB-
2	shorter than the first
2	than the first
2	the first
2	-LRB- as best I remember -RRB-
2	as best I remember -RRB-
2	as best
2	I remember -RRB-
2	I remember
2	, but still
2	, but
3	a very good time at the cinema
4	a very good time
4	very good time
3	very good
2	at the cinema
2	the cinema
4	The film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .
2	The film
3	is bright and flashy in all the right ways .
4	is bright and flashy in all the right ways
3	is bright and flashy
2	bright and flashy
3	bright and
3	in all the right ways
3	all the right ways
2	the right ways
3	right ways
4	Elegant and eloquent -LRB- meditation -RRB- on death and that most elusive of passions , love .
3	Elegant and eloquent -LRB- meditation -RRB- on death and that most elusive of passions
3	Elegant and
3	eloquent -LRB- meditation -RRB- on death and that most elusive of passions
3	eloquent -LRB- meditation -RRB- on death and
3	eloquent -LRB- meditation -RRB- on death
2	eloquent -LRB- meditation -RRB-
2	-LRB- meditation -RRB-
3	meditation -RRB-
2	on death
2	that most elusive of passions
2	that most elusive
3	most elusive
2	of passions
3	, love .
3	love .
3	Cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .
3	Cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most
2	Cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and
3	Cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion
2	through the layers of soap-opera emotion
1	the layers of soap-opera emotion
2	the layers
2	of soap-opera emotion
1	soap-opera emotion
2	you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most
3	find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most
3	a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most
3	a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out
2	a scathing portrayal
2	scathing portrayal
2	of a powerful entity strangling the life out
2	a powerful entity strangling the life out
3	a powerful entity
3	powerful entity
1	strangling the life out
2	strangling the life
2	the life
2	of the people who want to believe in it the most
2	the people who want to believe in it the most
2	the people
2	who want to believe in it the most
2	want to believe in it the most
3	to believe in it the most
2	believe in it the most
2	in it the most
3	it the most
2	the most
4	Filmmaker Tian Zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
2	Filmmaker Tian Zhuangzhuang
2	Tian Zhuangzhuang
4	triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
4	returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
4	returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power
3	to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power
4	narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power
4	filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power
4	with a visually masterful work of quiet power
4	a visually masterful work of quiet power
4	a visually masterful work
4	visually masterful work
4	visually masterful
3	of quiet power
3	quiet power
3	It excels because , unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope .
4	excels because , unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope .
3	excels because , unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope
3	because , unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope
3	, unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope
4	unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope
3	unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk
2	so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk
2	so many other Hollywood movies
2	so many
2	other Hollywood movies
2	Hollywood movies
2	of its ilk
2	its ilk
3	, it offers hope
3	it offers hope
3	offers hope
4	Shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , Devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
3	Shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , Devils chronicles
2	in rich , shadowy black-and-white , Devils chronicles
2	rich , shadowy black-and-white , Devils chronicles
2	rich , shadowy black-and-white ,
3	rich , shadowy black-and-white
2	, shadowy black-and-white
2	shadowy black-and-white
2	Devils chronicles
3	, with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
3	with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
2	with increasingly amused irony
3	increasingly amused irony
3	increasingly amused
2	, the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
2	the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
3	the relationship between reluctant
2	the relationship
2	between reluctant
2	captors and befuddled captives .
2	captors and befuddled captives
2	captors and
2	befuddled captives
2	There 's no clear picture of who killed Bob Crane .
1	's no clear picture of who killed Bob Crane .
2	's no clear picture of who killed Bob Crane
2	no clear picture of who killed Bob Crane
1	no clear picture
2	clear picture
2	of who killed Bob Crane
2	who killed Bob Crane
2	killed Bob Crane
2	Bob Crane
2	But here 's a glimpse at his life .
2	here 's a glimpse at his life .
2	's a glimpse at his life .
2	's a glimpse at his life
2	a glimpse at his life
2	a glimpse
2	at his life
2	his life
4	Spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .
4	Spectacularly beautiful
4	, not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .
3	not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .
4	not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing
3	to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing
4	mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing
3	mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete
3	mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete
3	mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and
4	mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense ,
4	mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense
3	mysterious , sensual ,
3	mysterious , sensual
3	mysterious ,
3	emotionally intense
3	with virtuoso throat-singing
3	virtuoso throat-singing
3	A summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more .
2	A summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more
3	A summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but
4	A summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed ,
4	A summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed
2	A summer
3	entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed
2	entertainment adults
3	can see without feeling embarrassed
2	see without feeling embarrassed
2	without feeling embarrassed
1	feeling embarrassed
2	it could have been more
2	could have been more
2	have been more
2	been more
3	Sparse but oddly compelling .
3	Sparse but oddly compelling
3	but oddly compelling
3	oddly compelling
4	A stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of Beauty and the Beast and 1930s horror films
3	A stirring , funny and
3	A stirring , funny
3	stirring , funny
3	stirring ,
3	finally transporting re-imagining of Beauty and the Beast and 1930s horror films
2	transporting re-imagining of Beauty and the Beast and 1930s horror films
2	re-imagining of Beauty and the Beast and 1930s horror films
3	re-imagining of Beauty and
2	re-imagining of Beauty
2	of Beauty
2	the Beast and 1930s horror films
2	the Beast and
2	the Beast
2	1930s horror films
2	horror films
2	The Pinochet Case is a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most .
2	The Pinochet Case
2	Pinochet Case
3	is a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most .
2	is a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most
3	a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most
3	a searing album
2	searing album
2	of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most
2	remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most
2	from those who , having survived , suffered most
2	those who , having survived , suffered most
2	who , having survived , suffered most
2	, having survived , suffered most
3	, having survived ,
2	having survived ,
2	having survived
1	suffered most
3	A sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .
3	A sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies
3	A sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes
3	A sweet-tempered comedy
3	sweet-tempered comedy
2	that forgoes
1	the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies
1	the knee-jerk misogyny
1	knee-jerk misogyny
2	that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies
2	passes for humor in so many teenage comedies
3	for humor in so many teenage comedies
2	humor in so many teenage comedies
2	in so many teenage comedies
2	so many teenage comedies
2	so many
2	teenage comedies
3	Argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .
2	Argento , at only 26 ,
2	Argento , at only 26
2	Argento ,
2	at only 26
2	only 26
3	brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .
3	brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock
3	brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and
3	brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein
3	brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project ,
3	brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project
3	brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness
3	a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness
3	youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness
2	, out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness
2	out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness
2	to the project
2	the project
2	as if she 's cut open a vein
2	if she 's cut open a vein
1	she 's cut open a vein
2	's cut open a vein
1	cut open a vein
2	cut open
2	a vein
2	bled the raw film stock
2	the raw film stock
2	raw film stock
2	film stock
3	With so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .
2	With so many bad romances out there
1	so many bad romances out there
2	so many bad romances
2	so many
1	bad romances
2	out there
3	, this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .
3	this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .
4	is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .
3	is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine
3	the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine
2	the kind of movie
2	the kind
2	of movie
3	that deserves a chance to shine
3	deserves a chance to shine
2	a chance to shine
3	chance to shine
3	to shine
4	Brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , Haneke 's portrait of an upper class Austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .
3	Brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , Haneke 's portrait of an upper class Austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons
4	Brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , Haneke 's portrait of an upper class Austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away
4	Brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing
4	Brash , intelligent and
4	Brash , intelligent
2	Brash ,
2	erotically perplexing
2	, Haneke 's portrait of an upper class Austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away
2	Haneke 's portrait of an upper class Austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away
2	Haneke 's portrait of an upper class Austrian society and
2	Haneke 's portrait of an upper class Austrian society
2	Haneke 's portrait
2	Haneke 's
3	of an upper class Austrian society
2	an upper class Austrian society
2	upper class Austrian society
2	class Austrian society
2	Austrian society
2	the suppression of its tucked away
2	the suppression
2	of its tucked away
2	its tucked away
2	its tucked
3	is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .
3	is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt
3	uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt
1	felt with a sardonic jolt
2	with a sardonic jolt
3	a sardonic jolt
1	sardonic jolt
3	Though Jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
1	Though Jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape
2	Jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape
2	does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape
2	does n't always
1	does n't
4	succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape
3	in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape
4	integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape
3	integrating the characters in the foreground
3	integrating the characters
2	the characters
2	in the foreground
2	the foreground
3	into the extraordinarily rich landscape
4	the extraordinarily rich landscape
4	extraordinarily rich landscape
3	extraordinarily rich
3	, it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
3	it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
3	must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
3	must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees
4	be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees
3	said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees
4	that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees
3	he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees
4	is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees
4	an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees
3	an imaginative filmmaker
3	imaginative filmmaker
2	who can see the forest for the trees
3	can see the forest for the trees
3	see the forest for the trees
2	the forest for the trees
3	the forest
2	for the trees
2	the trees
2	`` The Quiet American '' begins in Saigon in 1952 .
2	The Quiet American '' begins in Saigon in 1952 .
2	The Quiet American
2	Quiet American
2	'' begins in Saigon in 1952 .
2	begins in Saigon in 1952 .
2	begins in Saigon in 1952
2	in Saigon in 1952
2	Saigon in 1952
2	in 1952
1	That 's its first sign of trouble .
2	's its first sign of trouble .
1	's its first sign of trouble
2	its first sign of trouble
2	its first sign
2	first sign
2	of trouble
3	A dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles the theater provides .
4	A dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles the theater
3	dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles the theater
2	thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles the theater
3	to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles the theater
2	behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles the theater
2	behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles
1	-- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles
1	as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles
2	as long
2	as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles
2	you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles
1	're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles
1	wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles
2	the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles
1	somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles
1	somewhat cumbersome
2	3D goggles
2	the theater
2	provides .
3	Be patient with the lovely Hush !
3	Be patient with the lovely Hush
2	Be patient
3	with the lovely Hush
2	the lovely Hush
2	lovely Hush
4	and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
4	your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
3	your reward
4	will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
4	will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience
4	be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience
4	a thoughtful , emotional movie experience
4	thoughtful , emotional movie experience
3	thoughtful , emotional
2	, emotional
2	movie experience
4	The large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible IMAX sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes .
4	The large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible IMAX sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes
3	The large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and
4	The large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia
2	The large-format film
2	large-format film
3	is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia
3	is well
3	suited to capture these musicians in full regalia
3	to capture these musicians in full regalia
3	capture these musicians in full regalia
2	capture these musicians
2	these musicians
2	in full regalia
2	full regalia
3	the incredible IMAX sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes
3	the incredible IMAX sound system
4	incredible IMAX sound system
3	IMAX sound system
2	sound system
2	lets you feel the beat down to your toes
2	you feel the beat down to your toes
3	feel the beat down to your toes
2	feel the beat down
2	the beat down
2	the beat
2	to your toes
2	your toes
4	Godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .
4	has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .
3	has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
1	has never
2	made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
3	made a more sheerly beautiful film
3	a more sheerly beautiful film
4	more sheerly beautiful film
4	sheerly beautiful film
4	sheerly beautiful
3	than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
4	this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
4	this unexpectedly moving meditation
3	unexpectedly moving meditation
4	unexpectedly moving
2	on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
3	love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
3	, history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
2	history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
3	, memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
4	memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
3	, resistance and artistic transcendence
3	resistance and artistic transcendence
3	and artistic transcendence
3	artistic transcendence
4	The kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away .
4	The kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly
2	The kind
3	of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly
4	movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly
3	that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly
4	comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly
3	comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional ,
3	comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional
2	comes along only occasionally ,
3	comes along only occasionally
2	comes along only
2	along only
2	one so unconventional
2	so unconventional
3	gutsy and perfectly
3	gutsy and
4	executed it takes your breath away .
3	executed it takes your breath away
4	it takes your breath away
4	takes your breath away
3	takes your breath
2	your breath
3	Unlike most surf movies , Blue Crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
2	Unlike most surf movies
2	most surf movies
2	surf movies
4	, Blue Crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
3	Blue Crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
2	Blue Crush
4	thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
3	uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
4	uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave
2	modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave
2	technology to take the viewer inside the wave
2	to take the viewer inside the wave
3	take the viewer inside the wave
2	the viewer inside the wave
2	the viewer
3	inside the wave
2	the wave
3	By the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '
2	By the end
2	the end
4	you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '
3	ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '
4	ca n't help but feel ` stoked .
3	ca n't help but feel ` stoked
2	ca n't help but
2	ca n't help
2	ca n't
3	feel ` stoked
3	` stoked
3	The off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery .
4	The off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery
2	The off-center humor is a constant , and
2	The off-center humor is a constant ,
3	The off-center humor is a constant
3	The off-center humor
2	off-center humor
2	is a constant
2	a constant
4	the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery
2	the ensemble
3	gives it a buoyant delivery
2	gives it
3	a buoyant delivery
3	buoyant delivery
2	A tasty slice of droll whimsy .
3	A tasty slice of droll whimsy
3	A tasty slice
3	tasty slice
2	of droll whimsy
1	droll whimsy
4	Mike Leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
2	Mike Leigh
4	populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
2	populates his movie
2	his movie
3	with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
4	a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
4	a wonderful ensemble cast
4	wonderful ensemble cast
3	ensemble cast
3	of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
3	characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
3	that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
3	bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
2	the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
3	the routine day to day
2	the routine day
2	routine day
2	to day
3	struggles of the working class to life
2	of the working class to life
3	the working class to life
2	the working class
2	working class
2	to life
4	Awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
4	Awesome work :
4	Awesome work
4	ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
2	ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably
3	, elusive , yet inexplicably
3	elusive , yet inexplicably
2	elusive , yet
2	elusive ,
4	Sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... Attal looks so much like a young Robert DeNiro that it seems the film should instead be called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle ' .
3	Sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... Attal looks so much like a young Robert DeNiro that it seems the film should instead be called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle '
3	Sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ...
4	Sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy
4	, often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy
3	often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy
4	often hilarious
2	romantic jealousy comedy
2	jealousy comedy
2	Attal looks so much like a young Robert DeNiro that it seems the film should instead be called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle '
2	looks so much like a young Robert DeNiro that it seems the film should instead be called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle '
2	looks so much like a young Robert DeNiro
3	so much like a young Robert DeNiro
3	much like a young Robert DeNiro
2	like a young Robert DeNiro
3	a young Robert DeNiro
2	young Robert DeNiro
2	Robert DeNiro
1	that it seems the film should instead be called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle '
2	it seems the film should instead be called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle '
1	seems the film should instead be called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle '
1	the film should instead be called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle '
2	the film
2	should instead be called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle '
2	should instead
2	be called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle '
2	called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle '
2	called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle
2	called `
2	My Husband Is Travis Bickle
2	My Husband
2	Is Travis Bickle
2	Travis Bickle
3	Even if you 're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor .
2	Even if you 're an agnostic carnivore
2	if you 're an agnostic carnivore
1	you 're an agnostic carnivore
2	're an agnostic carnivore
2	an agnostic carnivore
2	agnostic carnivore
4	, you can enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor .
4	you can enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor .
4	can enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor .
4	can enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor
3	enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor
3	enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully ,
3	much of Jonah simply , and gratefully ,
3	much of Jonah simply , and gratefully
2	much of Jonah simply , and
2	much of Jonah simply ,
2	much of Jonah simply
2	of Jonah simply
2	of Jonah
4	as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor
3	laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor
3	laugh-out-loud lunacy
3	with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor
2	a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor
2	pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor
2	Monty Pythonesque flavor
2	Pythonesque flavor
2	Where Bowling for Columbine is at its most valuable is in its examination of America 's culture of fear as a root cause of gun violence .
3	Where Bowling for Columbine is at its most valuable
3	Bowling for Columbine is at its most valuable
2	Bowling for Columbine
2	for Columbine
3	is at its most valuable
2	is at its most
2	at its most
2	its most
3	is in its examination of America 's culture of fear as a root cause of gun violence .
2	is in its examination of America 's culture of fear as a root cause of gun violence
2	is in its examination of America 's culture of fear
2	in its examination of America 's culture of fear
2	its examination of America 's culture of fear
2	its examination
2	of America 's culture of fear
1	America 's culture of fear
2	America 's culture
2	America 's
2	of fear
1	as a root cause of gun violence
2	a root cause of gun violence
2	a root cause
2	root cause
1	of gun violence
2	gun violence
3	The result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable .
3	The result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable
3	The result is somewhat satisfying --
3	The result is somewhat satisfying
2	The result
3	is somewhat satisfying
3	somewhat satisfying
3	it still comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable
3	still comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable
3	comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable
2	from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable
2	Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable
2	Spielberg ,
1	who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable
3	has never made anything that was n't at least watchable
1	has never
2	made anything that was n't at least watchable
2	anything that was n't at least watchable
1	that was n't at least watchable
0	was n't at least watchable
2	was n't
2	at least watchable
2	at least
1	But it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .
1	it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .
1	's also disappointing to a certain degree .
1	's also disappointing to a certain degree
2	's also
1	disappointing to a certain degree
2	to a certain degree
2	a certain degree
2	certain degree
4	The all-French cast is marveilleux .
2	The all-French cast
2	all-French cast
3	is marveilleux .
3	is marveilleux
3	There 's a lot to recommend Read My Lips .
2	's a lot to recommend Read My Lips .
3	's a lot to recommend Read My Lips
3	a lot to recommend Read My Lips
4	lot to recommend Read My Lips
2	to recommend Read My Lips
3	recommend Read My Lips
1	Read My Lips
2	My Lips
4	A minor film with major pleasures from Portuguese master Manoel de Oliviera ...
4	A minor film with major pleasures from Portuguese master Manoel de Oliviera
2	A minor film
1	minor film
3	with major pleasures from Portuguese master Manoel de Oliviera
3	major pleasures from Portuguese master Manoel de Oliviera
3	major pleasures
2	from Portuguese master Manoel de Oliviera
3	Portuguese master Manoel de Oliviera
2	master Manoel de Oliviera
2	Manoel de Oliviera
2	de Oliviera
4	Brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die Another Day .
4	gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die Another Day .
4	gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die Another Day
2	gives a portrayal
2	a portrayal
3	as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die Another Day
3	as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die
2	as solid and
2	as solid
4	as perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die
4	perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die
3	as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die
4	his outstanding performance as Bond in Die
4	his outstanding performance
4	outstanding performance
2	as Bond in Die
2	Bond in Die
2	in Die
2	Another Day
3	Audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant .
2	Audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant
1	Audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but
1	Audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching ,
0	Audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
1	are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
1	advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
2	to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
0	sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
2	sit near the back and
1	sit near the back
2	near the back
2	the back
1	squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
1	to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
1	avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
1	noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
2	some truly egregious lip-non-synching
1	truly egregious lip-non-synching
1	truly egregious
3	otherwise the production is suitably elegant
3	the production is suitably elegant
2	the production
3	is suitably elegant
3	suitably elegant
3	The movie is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
2	The movie
3	is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
4	is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes
2	is ...
3	very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes
4	very funny
3	as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes
3	you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes
3	peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes
2	peek at it
2	at it
2	through the fingers in front of your eyes
2	the fingers in front of your eyes
2	the fingers
2	in front of your eyes
2	front of your eyes
3	of your eyes
2	your eyes
3	Nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .
3	sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .
3	sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit
2	sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout
2	the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout
2	the level
2	of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout
2	exaggerated , stylized humor throughout
4	, stylized humor throughout
3	stylized humor throughout
4	humor throughout
3	by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit
3	taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit
2	taking your expectations and
2	taking your expectations
2	your expectations
2	twisting them just a bit
2	twisting them
2	just a bit
2	a bit
4	A refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market .
3	A refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort
3	A refreshing change
3	refreshing change
2	from the usual whoopee-cushion effort
1	the usual whoopee-cushion effort
1	usual whoopee-cushion effort
2	whoopee-cushion effort
2	aimed at the youth market .
2	aimed at the youth market
2	at the youth market
2	the youth market
2	youth market
3	It finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
3	finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
3	finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice
3	finds its moviegoing pleasures
3	its moviegoing pleasures
3	moviegoing pleasures
3	in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice
3	the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice
2	the tiny events
2	tiny events
3	that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice
3	could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice
3	make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice
2	make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and
3	make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up
2	a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up
2	a person
3	who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up
2	has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up
2	lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up
2	her life half-asleep suddenly wake up
1	her life half-asleep
2	life half-asleep
2	suddenly wake up
2	wake up
3	take notice
4	... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...
3	an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...
3	an enjoyably
3	frothy ` date movie ' ...
2	frothy ` date movie '
3	frothy ` date movie
2	frothy `
2	date movie
4	The genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .
4	The genius of the work
3	The genius
2	of the work
2	the work
3	speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .
3	speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates
3	speaks volumes ,
3	speaks volumes
2	offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates
2	offering up
3	a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates
3	a hallucinatory dreamscape
2	hallucinatory dreamscape
2	that frustrates and captivates
3	frustrates and captivates
1	frustrates and
3	Two Weeks Notice has appeal beyond being a Sandra Bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .
2	Two Weeks Notice
2	Weeks Notice
3	has appeal beyond being a Sandra Bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .
4	has appeal beyond being a Sandra Bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy
3	appeal beyond being a Sandra Bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy
3	beyond being a Sandra Bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy
2	being a Sandra Bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy
2	a Sandra Bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy
2	a Sandra Bullock vehicle or
2	a Sandra Bullock vehicle
2	Sandra Bullock vehicle
2	Bullock vehicle
2	a standard romantic comedy
2	standard romantic comedy
2	romantic comedy
3	The movie 's seams may show ... but Pellington gives `` Mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .
3	The movie 's seams may show ... but Pellington gives `` Mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling
3	The movie 's seams may show ... but
1	The movie 's seams may show ...
1	The movie 's seams may show
2	The movie 's seams
2	The movie 's
2	movie 's
2	may show
3	Pellington gives `` Mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling
3	gives `` Mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling
2	gives `` Mothman ''
2	`` Mothman ''
2	Mothman ''
3	an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling
3	an irresistibly uncanny ambience
3	irresistibly uncanny ambience
2	uncanny ambience
3	that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling
3	goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling
2	goes a long way
2	a long way
2	long way
3	toward keeping the picture compelling
3	keeping the picture compelling
2	the picture compelling
2	the picture
3	If Mostly Martha is mostly unsurprising , it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .
2	If Mostly Martha is mostly unsurprising
1	Mostly Martha is mostly unsurprising
2	Mostly Martha
2	is mostly unsurprising
2	mostly unsurprising
3	, it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .
4	it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .
3	's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .
4	's still a sweet , even delectable diversion
2	's still
3	a sweet , even delectable diversion
3	sweet , even delectable diversion
4	sweet , even delectable
3	, even delectable
3	even delectable
3	A wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of Being John Malkovich .
3	A wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of Being John Malkovich
3	A wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer
3	A wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind
4	A wild comedy
3	wild comedy
2	that could only spring from the demented mind
2	could only spring from the demented mind
2	could only
2	spring from the demented mind
1	from the demented mind
1	the demented mind
2	demented mind
2	of the writer
2	the writer
2	of Being John Malkovich
2	Being John Malkovich
2	John Malkovich
4	Schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . '
3	does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . '
3	does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past .
4	does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past
3	a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past
3	a fine job
3	fine job
4	contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past
2	contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present
3	the sleekness of the film 's present
3	the sleekness
2	of the film 's present
2	the film 's present
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	with the playful paranoia of the film 's past
3	the playful paranoia of the film 's past
2	the playful paranoia
3	playful paranoia
2	of the film 's past
2	the film 's past
2	the film 's
2	film 's
4	A fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
4	A fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill
4	fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill
3	fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently
4	, big-hearted and frequently
3	big-hearted and frequently
3	big-hearted and
4	funny thrill
4	ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
3	ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand .
4	ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand
3	ride for the kiddies , with enough eye
2	for the kiddies , with enough eye
2	the kiddies , with enough eye
2	the kiddies ,
2	the kiddies
2	with enough eye
2	enough eye
4	candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand
3	candy and cheeky
2	candy and
3	wit to keep parents away from the concession stand
2	to keep parents away from the concession stand
2	keep parents away from the concession stand
1	keep parents away
2	keep parents
2	from the concession stand
2	the concession stand
2	concession stand
2	Mana gives us compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt .
3	gives us compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt .
3	gives us compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt
2	gives us
3	compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt
3	compelling , damaged characters
1	, damaged characters
2	damaged characters
2	who we want to help -- or hurt
3	we want to help -- or hurt
2	want to help -- or hurt
2	to help -- or hurt
2	help -- or hurt
2	help -- or
2	help --
3	The sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack .
3	The sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack
2	The sentimental script has problems , but
2	The sentimental script has problems ,
1	The sentimental script has problems
2	The sentimental script
3	sentimental script
2	has problems
3	the actors pick up the slack
2	the actors
1	pick up the slack
2	pick up
2	the slack
3	A good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold .
4	A good documentary
3	good documentary
2	can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold .
3	can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold
3	make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold
3	make interesting
2	a subject you thought would leave you cold
2	a subject
1	you thought would leave you cold
1	thought would leave you cold
1	would leave you cold
1	leave you cold
2	you cold
2	A case in point : Doug Pray 's Scratch .
2	A case in point : Doug Pray 's Scratch
2	A case in point :
2	A case in point
2	A case
2	in point
2	Doug Pray 's Scratch
2	Doug Pray 's
2	Pray 's
2	Abderrahmane Sissako 's Heremakono -LRB- Waiting for Happiness -RRB- is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the West African coast struggling against foreign influences .
2	Abderrahmane Sissako 's Heremakono -LRB- Waiting for Happiness -RRB-
2	Abderrahmane Sissako 's Heremakono
2	Abderrahmane Sissako 's
2	Sissako 's
2	-LRB- Waiting for Happiness -RRB-
2	Waiting for Happiness -RRB-
2	Waiting for Happiness
3	for Happiness
3	is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the West African coast struggling against foreign influences .
3	is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the West African coast struggling against foreign influences
3	an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the West African coast struggling against foreign influences
3	an elegiac portrait
3	elegiac portrait
2	of a transit city on the West African coast struggling against foreign influences
2	a transit city on the West African coast struggling against foreign influences
2	a transit city
2	transit city
2	on the West African coast struggling against foreign influences
1	the West African coast struggling against foreign influences
2	the West African coast
2	West African coast
2	West African
2	struggling against foreign influences
2	against foreign influences
2	foreign influences
4	In XXX , Diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
2	In XXX
3	, Diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
4	Diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
3	is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
3	is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep
3	that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep
3	that rare creature --
2	that rare creature
2	rare creature
3	an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep
2	an action hero with table manners , and
3	an action hero with table manners ,
3	an action hero with table manners
2	an action hero
2	action hero
3	with table manners
2	table manners
3	one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep
3	who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep
3	proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep
2	that elegance is more than tattoo deep
2	elegance is more than tattoo deep
2	is more than tattoo deep
2	is more than tattoo
2	more than tattoo
2	than tattoo
4	An engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients .
3	An engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients
2	An engrossing and grim portrait of hookers :
3	An engrossing and grim portrait of hookers
3	An engrossing and grim portrait
2	engrossing and grim portrait
3	engrossing and grim
2	engrossing and
2	of hookers
2	what they think of themselves and their clients
2	they think of themselves and their clients
2	think of themselves and their clients
2	of themselves and their clients
2	themselves and their clients
2	themselves and
2	their clients
3	It all plays out ... like a high-end John Hughes comedy , a kind of Elder Bueller 's Time Out .
3	all plays out ... like a high-end John Hughes comedy , a kind of Elder Bueller 's Time Out .
3	plays out ... like a high-end John Hughes comedy , a kind of Elder Bueller 's Time Out .
4	plays out ... like a high-end John Hughes comedy , a kind of Elder Bueller 's Time Out
2	plays out ...
2	plays out
3	like a high-end John Hughes comedy , a kind of Elder Bueller 's Time Out
3	a high-end John Hughes comedy , a kind of Elder Bueller 's Time Out
4	a high-end John Hughes comedy ,
4	a high-end John Hughes comedy
2	high-end John Hughes comedy
3	John Hughes comedy
3	Hughes comedy
2	a kind of Elder Bueller 's Time Out
3	a kind
2	of Elder Bueller 's Time Out
2	Elder Bueller 's Time Out
2	Elder Bueller 's
2	Bueller 's
1	Time Out
4	The film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
2	The film
4	is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
4	is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work
4	enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work
4	enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film and
4	enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film
3	enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits ,
4	enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits
3	by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits
3	an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits
3	an imaginatively mixed cast
4	imaginatively mixed cast
3	imaginatively mixed
2	of antic spirits
1	antic spirits
4	headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film
2	headed by Christopher Plummer
2	by Christopher Plummer
2	Christopher Plummer
2	as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film
4	the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film
3	the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph
1	subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph
2	subtlest and most complexly evil
2	subtlest and
2	most complexly evil
2	complexly evil
3	Uncle Ralph
2	I 've ever seen in the many film
2	've ever seen in the many film
2	've ever
2	seen in the many film
2	in the many film
2	the many film
2	many film
2	stage adaptations of the work
2	adaptations of the work
2	of the work
2	the work
3	This is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-Disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .
4	is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-Disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .
4	is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-Disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt
4	one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-Disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt
3	one of the rarest kinds of films :
3	one of the rarest kinds of films
4	of the rarest kinds of films
4	the rarest kinds of films
3	the rarest kinds
2	rarest kinds
2	of films
4	a family-oriented non-Disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt
3	a family-oriented non-Disney film
2	family-oriented non-Disney film
2	non-Disney film
3	that is actually funny without hitting below the belt
4	is actually funny without hitting below the belt
3	is actually
4	funny without hitting below the belt
2	without hitting below the belt
1	hitting below the belt
2	below the belt
2	the belt
4	It is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .
3	is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .
3	is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters
2	refreshingly undogmatic about its characters
2	undogmatic about its characters
2	about its characters
2	its characters
4	A moving and important film .
4	A moving and important film
3	moving and important film
4	moving and important
2	moving and
4	Deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .
3	Deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection
3	Deep intelligence and
3	Deep intelligence
3	a warm , enveloping affection
4	warm , enveloping affection
3	, enveloping affection
3	enveloping affection
3	breathe out of every frame .
3	breathe out of every frame
2	breathe out
2	of every frame
2	every frame
3	Famuyiwa 's feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer .
2	Famuyiwa 's feature
2	Famuyiwa 's
4	deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer .
3	deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer
3	with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer
4	with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner
4	its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner
2	its subject matter
2	subject matter
3	in a tasteful , intelligent manner
3	a tasteful , intelligent manner
4	tasteful , intelligent manner
2	, intelligent manner
3	intelligent manner
1	, rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer
2	rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer
0	than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer
1	forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer
1	us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer
1	to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer
1	endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer
2	endure every plot contrivance
2	every plot contrivance
2	plot contrivance
2	that the cliché-riddled genre can offer
1	the cliché-riddled genre can offer
0	the cliché-riddled genre
0	cliché-riddled genre
2	can offer
4	Showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .
4	is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .
3	is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation
4	a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation
3	a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and
4	a fine-looking film with a bouncy score
4	a fine-looking film
4	fine-looking film
3	with a bouncy score
2	a bouncy score
3	bouncy score
3	a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation
2	a clutch
2	of lively songs for deft punctuation
3	lively songs for deft punctuation
3	lively songs
3	for deft punctuation
3	deft punctuation
3	Sweet Home Alabama is n't going to win any Academy Awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts .
3	Sweet Home Alabama is n't going to win any Academy Awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts
3	Sweet Home Alabama is n't going to win any Academy Awards , but
2	Sweet Home Alabama is n't going to win any Academy Awards ,
1	Sweet Home Alabama is n't going to win any Academy Awards
2	Sweet Home Alabama
4	Home Alabama
2	is n't going to win any Academy Awards
1	is n't
2	going to win any Academy Awards
3	to win any Academy Awards
3	win any Academy Awards
2	any Academy Awards
2	Academy Awards
4	this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts
1	this date-night diversion
3	date-night diversion
3	will definitely win some hearts
2	will definitely
2	win some hearts
2	some hearts
3	a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
3	a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy
3	a cruelly funny twist
3	cruelly funny twist
3	cruelly funny
2	on teen comedy
2	teen comedy
4	packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
3	with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
4	inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
3	inventive cinematic tricks and
2	inventive cinematic tricks
2	cinematic tricks
3	an ironically killer soundtrack
3	ironically killer soundtrack
3	killer soundtrack
4	A gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .
3	A gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past
4	A gracious , eloquent film
4	gracious , eloquent film
3	, eloquent film
3	eloquent film
3	that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past
3	by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past
2	by its end
2	its end
3	offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past
3	offers a ray of hope
3	a ray of hope
2	a ray
3	of hope
2	to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past
3	the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past
2	the refugees
3	able to look ahead and resist living in a past
2	to look ahead and resist living in a past
3	look ahead and resist living in a past
2	look ahead and
2	look ahead
2	resist living in a past
2	living in a past
2	in a past
2	a past
2	forever lost .
1	lost .
3	Even though many of these guys are less than adorable -LRB- their lamentations are pretty much self-centered -RRB- , there 's something vital about the movie .
2	Even though many of these guys are less than adorable
1	though many of these guys are less than adorable
1	many of these guys are less than adorable
2	many of these guys
2	of these guys
2	these guys
0	are less than adorable
1	less than adorable
1	less than
3	-LRB- their lamentations are pretty much self-centered -RRB- , there 's something vital about the movie .
2	-LRB- their lamentations are pretty much self-centered -RRB-
1	their lamentations are pretty much self-centered -RRB-
1	their lamentations are pretty much self-centered
2	their lamentations
2	are pretty much self-centered
1	pretty much self-centered
1	much self-centered
3	, there 's something vital about the movie .
3	there 's something vital about the movie .
3	's something vital about the movie .
3	's something vital about the movie
3	something vital about the movie
3	something vital
2	about the movie
2	the movie
3	A tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .
2	A tour de
3	tour de
2	force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .
2	force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers
2	force drama
3	about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers
3	the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers
3	the astonishingly pivotal role
3	astonishingly pivotal role
4	astonishingly pivotal
3	of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers
3	imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers
3	in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers
3	the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers
4	the soulful development
3	soulful development
2	of two rowdy teenagers
2	two rowdy teenagers
2	rowdy teenagers
3	It is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise .
2	is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise .
3	is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise
3	is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially
3	is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias ,
2	is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias
3	a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias
3	a strength
2	of a documentary to disregard available bias
3	a documentary to disregard available bias
3	documentary to disregard available bias
2	to disregard available bias
2	disregard available bias
2	available bias
3	as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise
3	as temptingly easy
2	temptingly easy
2	as it would have been with this premise
2	it would have been with this premise
2	would have been with this premise
2	have been with this premise
2	been with this premise
2	with this premise
2	this premise
3	When twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve .
3	When twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
1	When twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but
2	When twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given ,
1	When twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given
2	When twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives
2	twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives
2	twentysomething hotsies
2	make movies about their lives
2	movies about their lives
2	about their lives
2	their lives
2	, hard-driving narcissism is a given
1	hard-driving narcissism is a given
2	hard-driving narcissism
2	is a given
2	a given
3	what a world we 'd live in if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
2	what a world
2	a world
3	we 'd live in if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
3	'd live in if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
3	live in if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
3	in if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
3	if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
2	if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts
2	Argento 's Hollywood counterparts
2	's Hollywood counterparts
2	Hollywood counterparts
3	... had this much imagination and nerve
3	had this much imagination and nerve
3	this much imagination and nerve
3	this much imagination and
3	this much imagination
4	much imagination
3	Maryam is more timely now than ever .
3	is more timely now than ever .
3	is more timely now than ever
2	is more timely now
2	is more timely
2	more timely
2	than ever
4	An eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .
4	An eloquent , reflective and beautifully
3	eloquent , reflective and beautifully
3	, reflective and beautifully
4	reflective and beautifully
3	reflective and
2	acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .
3	acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake
2	acted meditation
2	on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake
2	both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake
1	the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake
2	the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and
1	the profoundly devastating events of one year ago
2	the profoundly devastating events
1	profoundly devastating events
2	profoundly devastating
2	of one year ago
2	one year ago
2	one year
2	the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake
2	the slow , painful healing process
1	slow , painful healing process
2	slow , painful
1	, painful
3	healing process
2	that has followed in their wake
2	has followed in their wake
2	followed in their wake
2	in their wake
2	their wake
4	Piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .
4	gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .
4	gives a superb performance full of deep feeling
4	gives a superb performance
4	a superb performance
4	superb performance
4	full of deep feeling
3	of deep feeling
3	deep feeling
4	What a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride .
3	What a concept
2	a concept
4	, what an idea , what a thrill ride .
4	what an idea , what a thrill ride .
4	what an idea , what a thrill ride
3	what an idea
2	an idea
4	, what a thrill ride
4	what a thrill ride
3	a thrill ride
3	a thrill
3	This is a more fascinating look at the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
4	is a more fascinating look at the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
4	is a more fascinating look at the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
4	a more fascinating look at the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
2	a more fascinating look
3	more fascinating look
3	more fascinating
3	at the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
3	the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
2	the future than `` Bladerunner '' and
2	the future than `` Bladerunner ''
2	the future
2	than `` Bladerunner ''
2	`` Bladerunner ''
2	Bladerunner ''
4	one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
3	of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
4	the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
4	the most high-concept sci fi adventures
2	most high-concept sci fi adventures
3	high-concept sci fi adventures
2	sci fi adventures
2	fi adventures
2	attempted for the screen
2	for the screen
2	the screen
4	The rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based .
3	The rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based
3	The rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point
3	The rare movie
3	rare movie
3	that 's as crisp and to the point
3	's as crisp and to the point
4	as crisp and to the point
3	as crisp and
2	as crisp
2	to the point
2	the point
3	as the novel on which it 's based
2	the novel on which it 's based
3	the novel
2	on which it 's based
2	on which
2	it 's based
2	's based
3	A film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships .
4	A film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships
4	A film of epic scale
2	A film
3	of epic scale
3	epic scale
3	with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships
3	an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships
3	an intimate feeling ,
3	an intimate feeling
3	intimate feeling
3	a saga of the ups and downs of friendships
3	a saga
2	of the ups and downs of friendships
3	the ups and downs of friendships
2	the ups and downs
2	ups and downs
2	ups and
2	of friendships
3	Sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .
3	has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .
2	has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group
2	an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group
2	an eye
2	for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group
2	the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group
2	the ways
2	people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group
2	people of different ethnicities
2	of different ethnicities
2	different ethnicities
2	talk to and about others outside the group
2	talk to and about others
2	to and about others
2	and about others
2	and about
2	outside the group
2	the group
3	`` Nicholas Nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year .
4	Nicholas Nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year .
2	Nicholas Nickleby
4	'' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year .
4	is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year .
3	is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year
4	a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year
3	perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year
3	family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year
2	film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year
1	to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year
2	take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year
2	take everyone
2	to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year
2	since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year
2	there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year
3	's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year
2	no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year
2	no new `` A Christmas Carol ''
2	new `` A Christmas Carol ''
2	`` A Christmas Carol ''
2	A Christmas Carol ''
2	A Christmas Carol
2	Christmas Carol
2	out in the theaters this year
2	in the theaters this year
2	the theaters this year
2	the theaters
2	this year
4	Charlie Hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a Dickensian hero .
2	Charlie Hunnam
3	has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a Dickensian hero .
3	has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a Dickensian hero
3	has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and
2	has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile
2	the twinkling eyes , repressed smile
2	twinkling eyes , repressed smile
2	eyes , repressed smile
2	, repressed smile
2	repressed smile
2	determined face needed to carry out a Dickensian hero
2	face needed to carry out a Dickensian hero
2	needed to carry out a Dickensian hero
2	to carry out a Dickensian hero
2	carry out a Dickensian hero
2	carry out
3	a Dickensian hero
2	Dickensian hero
3	Niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in Hollywood , only God speaks to the press
2	Niccol the filmmaker
2	the filmmaker
3	merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in Hollywood , only God speaks to the press
2	his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in Hollywood , only God speaks to the press
3	his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words ,
2	his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words
2	his collaborators ' symbolic images
2	his collaborators '
2	collaborators '
2	symbolic images
2	with his words
2	his words
2	insinuating , for example , that in Hollywood , only God speaks to the press
2	insinuating , for example ,
2	insinuating , for example
2	insinuating ,
2	for example
2	that in Hollywood , only God speaks to the press
2	in Hollywood , only God speaks to the press
2	in Hollywood
2	, only God speaks to the press
2	only God speaks to the press
2	only God
2	speaks to the press
2	to the press
2	the press
3	Khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .
3	manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .
4	manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum
4	manages , with terrific flair ,
4	manages , with terrific flair
2	manages ,
3	with terrific flair
3	terrific flair
1	to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum
3	keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum
2	the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum
2	the extremes
3	of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum
3	screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum
2	screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity
3	farce and blood-curdling family intensity
2	and blood-curdling family intensity
3	blood-curdling family intensity
2	family intensity
2	on one continuum
2	one continuum
4	Impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` Manhunter ' was .
4	Impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` Manhunter '
4	as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` Manhunter '
3	a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` Manhunter '
4	a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ...
4	a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation
4	skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation
4	skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional
4	skillfully assembled , highly polished and
4	skillfully assembled , highly polished
3	skillfully assembled ,
3	skillfully assembled
3	highly polished
2	just about as chilling and unsettling as ` Manhunter '
2	just about as chilling and unsettling
2	just about as
2	just about
2	chilling and unsettling
2	chilling and
2	as ` Manhunter '
2	` Manhunter '
2	Manhunter '
2	was .
3	It 's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .
3	's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .
3	's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but
3	a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but
4	a solid movie
4	solid movie
2	about people whose lives are anything but
2	people whose lives are anything but
2	whose lives are anything but
2	whose lives
2	are anything but
2	are anything
3	Though a touch too Arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , Heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .
2	Though a touch too Arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism
1	a touch too Arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism
2	a touch too
2	a touch
2	Arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism
2	Arthouse 101
3	in its poetic symbolism
2	its poetic symbolism
3	poetic symbolism
3	, Heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .
3	Heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .
3	proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .
3	proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors
3	to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors
3	be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors
3	a good match of the sensibilities of two directors
3	a good match
3	good match
2	of the sensibilities of two directors
2	the sensibilities of two directors
2	the sensibilities
2	of two directors
2	two directors
3	I simply ca n't recommend it enough .
4	simply ca n't recommend it enough .
4	ca n't recommend it enough .
4	ca n't recommend it enough
2	ca n't
3	recommend it enough
2	it enough
2	Wiseman reveals the victims of domestic abuse in all of their pity and terror .
2	reveals the victims of domestic abuse in all of their pity and terror .
2	reveals the victims of domestic abuse in all of their pity and terror
2	reveals the victims of domestic abuse
2	the victims of domestic abuse
1	the victims
2	of domestic abuse
1	domestic abuse
0	in all of their pity and terror
2	all of their pity and terror
2	of their pity and terror
2	their pity and terror
1	pity and terror
1	pity and
4	Muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and The Last Kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
2	Muccino , who directed from his own screenplay ,
2	Muccino , who directed from his own screenplay
2	Muccino ,
2	who directed from his own screenplay
2	directed from his own screenplay
2	from his own screenplay
2	his own screenplay
2	own screenplay
3	is a canny crowd pleaser , and The Last Kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
3	is a canny crowd pleaser , and The Last Kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex
3	a canny crowd pleaser , and The Last Kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex
3	a canny crowd pleaser , and The Last Kiss ...
4	a canny crowd pleaser , and The Last Kiss
3	a canny crowd pleaser , and
4	a canny crowd pleaser ,
4	a canny crowd pleaser
3	canny crowd pleaser
4	crowd pleaser
3	The Last Kiss
2	Last Kiss
4	provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex
3	more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex
3	more than enough sentimental catharsis
2	more than enough sentimental
2	more than
3	enough sentimental
3	for a satisfying evening at the multiplex
4	a satisfying evening at the multiplex
3	a satisfying evening
3	satisfying evening
2	at the multiplex
2	the multiplex
3	We want the funk - and this movie 's got it .
4	We want the funk - and this movie 's got it
2	We want the funk - and
2	We want the funk -
2	We want the funk
2	want the funk
2	the funk
3	this movie 's got it
2	this movie
2	's got it
2	got it
3	Wow , so who knew Charles Dickens could be so light-hearted ?
3	, so who knew Charles Dickens could be so light-hearted ?
2	so who knew Charles Dickens could be so light-hearted ?
2	so who knew
2	who knew
2	Charles Dickens could be so light-hearted ?
2	Charles Dickens
3	could be so light-hearted ?
2	could be so light-hearted
3	be so light-hearted
2	so light-hearted
0	Many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and I do n't think that A.C. will help this movie one bit .
0	Many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and I do n't think that A.C. will help this movie one bit
1	Many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and
0	Many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside ,
2	Many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside
1	went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside
2	to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside
1	see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside
3	see the attraction for the sole reason
2	see the attraction
2	the attraction
2	for the sole reason
2	the sole reason
2	sole reason
2	that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside
2	it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside
2	it was hot outside and
2	it was hot outside
2	was hot outside
2	hot outside
2	there was air conditioning inside
2	was air conditioning inside
2	air conditioning inside
2	air conditioning
1	I do n't think that A.C. will help this movie one bit
1	do n't think that A.C. will help this movie one bit
2	do n't
2	think that A.C. will help this movie one bit
2	that A.C. will help this movie one bit
3	A.C. will help this movie one bit
2	will help this movie one bit
1	help this movie one bit
2	this movie one bit
2	movie one bit
2	one bit
4	The storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .
4	The storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome
4	The storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and
4	The storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking ,
4	The storylines are woven together skilfully
2	The storylines
4	are woven together skilfully
3	woven together skilfully
2	woven together
4	, the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking ,
3	the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking ,
4	the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking
4	the magnificent swooping aerial shots
3	magnificent swooping aerial shots
2	swooping aerial shots
2	aerial shots
4	are breathtaking
4	the overall experience is awesome
2	the overall experience
2	overall experience
3	is awesome
4	A miraculous movie , I 'm Going Home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .
4	A miraculous movie , I 'm Going Home is so slight ,
4	A miraculous movie
4	miraculous movie
2	, I 'm Going Home is so slight ,
2	I 'm Going Home is so slight ,
2	I 'm Going Home is so slight
2	'm Going Home is so slight
2	Going Home is so slight
2	Home is so slight
1	is so slight
2	so slight
4	yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .
4	overflows with wisdom and emotion .
4	overflows with wisdom and emotion
3	with wisdom and emotion
3	wisdom and emotion
2	wisdom and
1	Baran is shockingly devoid of your typical Majid Majidi shoe-loving , crippled children .
2	is shockingly devoid of your typical Majid Majidi shoe-loving , crippled children .
1	is shockingly devoid of your typical Majid Majidi shoe-loving , crippled children
2	shockingly devoid of your typical Majid Majidi shoe-loving , crippled children
2	devoid of your typical Majid Majidi shoe-loving , crippled children
2	of your typical Majid Majidi shoe-loving , crippled children
2	your typical Majid Majidi shoe-loving , crippled children
2	your typical Majid Majidi shoe-loving ,
2	your typical Majid Majidi shoe-loving
2	typical Majid Majidi shoe-loving
2	Majid Majidi shoe-loving
3	Majidi shoe-loving
1	crippled children
4	Every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat .
4	Every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat
3	Every moment crackles with tension , and
3	Every moment crackles with tension ,
4	Every moment crackles with tension
2	Every moment
2	crackles with tension
1	with tension
4	by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat
2	by the end of the flick
2	the end of the flick
2	the end
2	of the flick
2	the flick
3	, you 're on the edge of your seat
3	you 're on the edge of your seat
3	're on the edge of your seat
4	on the edge of your seat
4	the edge of your seat
3	the edge
2	of your seat
2	your seat
4	A fine , rousing , G-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .
3	A fine , rousing , G-rated family film ,
3	A fine , rousing , G-rated family film
3	A fine ,
2	A fine
3	rousing , G-rated family film
3	rousing ,
2	G-rated family film
2	family film
4	aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .
3	aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats
3	aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value
2	aimed mainly
3	at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value
2	at little kids but
2	at little kids
2	little kids
4	with plenty of entertainment value
4	plenty of entertainment value
2	of entertainment value
2	entertainment value
3	to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats
3	keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats
2	keep grown-ups
1	from squirming in their seats
3	squirming in their seats
2	in their seats
3	their seats
3	The series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities .
3	The series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives
2	The series ' message
2	The series '
2	series '
2	about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives
3	making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives
3	making the right choice
3	the right choice
3	right choice
2	in the face of tempting alternatives
2	the face of tempting alternatives
2	the face
2	of tempting alternatives
2	tempting alternatives
3	remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities .
3	remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities
3	remains prominent ,
3	remains prominent
3	as do the girls ' amusing personalities
2	do the girls ' amusing personalities
3	the girls ' amusing personalities
2	the girls '
2	girls '
3	amusing personalities
4	Richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .
3	Richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings
4	Richly entertaining and suggestive
4	entertaining and suggestive
3	entertaining and
2	of any number of metaphorical readings
3	any number of metaphorical readings
2	any number
2	of metaphorical readings
2	metaphorical readings
3	A compelling allegory about the last days of Germany 's democratic Weimar Republic .
3	A compelling allegory about the last days of Germany 's democratic Weimar Republic
2	A compelling allegory about the last days
3	A compelling allegory
3	compelling allegory
2	about the last days
1	the last days
2	last days
2	of Germany 's democratic Weimar Republic
2	Germany 's democratic Weimar Republic
2	Germany 's
2	democratic Weimar Republic
2	Weimar Republic
4	Offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .
4	Offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory
3	Offers a guilt-free trip
3	a guilt-free trip
3	guilt-free trip
3	into feel-good territory
3	feel-good territory
3	A B-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget .
2	A B-movie you
1	B-movie you
2	can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget .
2	can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget
2	sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget
3	sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then
3	sit through , enjoy on a certain level and
3	sit through , enjoy on a certain level
1	sit through ,
2	sit through
3	enjoy on a certain level
2	on a certain level
2	a certain level
2	certain level
3	Devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .
4	delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .
4	delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower
4	a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower
4	a perfect performance
4	perfect performance
3	that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower
3	captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower
2	the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower
2	the innocence and
3	the innocence
2	budding demons within a wallflower
2	budding demons
3	within a wallflower
2	a wallflower
2	Disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin , but this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself .
1	Disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin , but this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself
2	Disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin , but
1	Disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin ,
1	Disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin
1	, the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin
1	the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin
2	the characters
1	are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin
2	are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included ,
1	are too strange and dysfunctional
1	too strange and dysfunctional
2	strange and dysfunctional
2	strange and
2	, Tom included ,
2	Tom included ,
2	Tom included
1	to ever get under the skin
2	ever get under the skin
3	get under the skin
1	under the skin
2	the skin
3	this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself
3	is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself
3	compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself
2	compensated in large part
2	in large part
2	large part
4	by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself
3	the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself
3	the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and
3	the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness
2	the off-the-wall dialogue ,
2	the off-the-wall dialogue
2	off-the-wall dialogue
3	visual playfulness
3	the outlandishness of the idea itself
2	the outlandishness
2	of the idea itself
2	the idea itself
2	the idea
3	Director Todd Solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates .
2	Director Todd Solondz
2	Todd Solondz
2	has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates .
2	has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates
2	made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates
2	made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters
2	made a movie about critical reaction
2	a movie about critical reaction
2	a movie
2	about critical reaction
2	critical reaction
2	to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters
2	to his two previous movies
2	his two previous movies
2	two previous movies
2	previous movies
2	, and about his responsibility to the characters
2	and about his responsibility to the characters
2	about his responsibility to the characters
2	about his responsibility
2	his responsibility
2	to the characters
2	the characters
2	that he creates
3	he creates
3	The word that comes to mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute to a courageous Scottish lady , is painterly .
3	The word that comes to mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute to a courageous Scottish lady
2	The word
3	that comes to mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute to a courageous Scottish lady
2	comes to mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute to a courageous Scottish lady
3	to mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute to a courageous Scottish lady
3	mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute to a courageous Scottish lady
3	mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute
2	, while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute
2	while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute
2	watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute
2	Eric Rohmer 's tribute
2	Eric Rohmer 's
2	Rohmer 's
2	to a courageous Scottish lady
3	a courageous Scottish lady
3	courageous Scottish lady
2	Scottish lady
1	, is painterly .
3	is painterly .
3	is painterly
4	A fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it .
4	A fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it
3	A fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and
4	A fascinating case study of flower-power liberation --
3	A fascinating case study of flower-power liberation
4	A fascinating case study
3	fascinating case study
2	case study
2	of flower-power liberation
3	flower-power liberation
2	the price that was paid for it
3	the price
2	that was paid for it
2	was paid for it
2	paid for it
2	for it
4	Bluer than the Atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie ... is , also , frequently hilarious .
3	Bluer than the Atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie
2	Bluer than the Atlantic and
1	Bluer than the Atlantic
2	than the Atlantic
2	the Atlantic
3	more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie
2	more biologically
2	detailed than an autopsy , the movie
1	than an autopsy , the movie
1	an autopsy , the movie
2	an autopsy ,
2	an autopsy
2	the movie
3	... is , also , frequently hilarious .
3	is , also , frequently hilarious .
4	is , also , frequently hilarious
2	is , also ,
2	is , also
2	is ,
4	frequently hilarious
3	Really is a pan-American movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .
4	is a pan-American movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .
3	is a pan-American movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart
2	is a pan-American movie ,
2	is a pan-American movie
2	a pan-American movie
2	pan-American movie
4	with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart
3	moments of genuine insight into the urban heart
4	of genuine insight into the urban heart
4	genuine insight into the urban heart
4	genuine insight
3	into the urban heart
2	the urban heart
2	urban heart
3	An overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .
1	An overly familiar scenario
1	overly familiar scenario
1	overly familiar
4	is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .
3	is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort
3	made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort
4	made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances
4	fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances
4	by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances
4	an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances
4	an intelligent screenplay and
4	an intelligent screenplay
3	intelligent screenplay
3	gripping performances
2	in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort
2	this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort
2	low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort
1	low-budget , video-shot
2	, video-shot
2	, debut indie effort
2	debut indie effort
2	indie effort
3	Peppering this urban study with references to Norwegian folktales , Villeneuve creates in Maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .
2	Peppering this urban study with references to Norwegian folktales
2	Peppering this urban study
2	this urban study
2	urban study
2	with references to Norwegian folktales
2	references to Norwegian folktales
2	to Norwegian folktales
2	Norwegian folktales
3	, Villeneuve creates in Maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .
4	Villeneuve creates in Maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .
3	creates in Maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .
4	creates in Maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical
2	creates in Maelstrom
2	in Maelstrom
3	a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical
2	a world
3	where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical
4	the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical
2	the bizarre is credible and
3	the bizarre is credible
2	the bizarre
2	is credible
3	the real turns magical
2	the real turns
3	real turns
4	Ong 's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent Chinese immigrant 's experiences in New York City .
3	Ong 's promising debut
2	Ong 's
3	promising debut
3	is a warm and well-told tale of one recent Chinese immigrant 's experiences in New York City .
3	is a warm and well-told tale of one recent Chinese immigrant 's experiences in New York City
2	a warm and well-told tale of one recent Chinese immigrant 's experiences in New York City
3	a warm and well-told tale
4	warm and well-told tale
3	warm and well-told
2	warm and
2	of one recent Chinese immigrant 's experiences in New York City
2	one recent Chinese immigrant 's experiences in New York City
2	one recent Chinese immigrant 's experiences
2	recent Chinese immigrant 's experiences
2	Chinese immigrant 's experiences
2	Chinese immigrant 's
2	immigrant 's
2	in New York City
2	New York City
2	York City
4	That the real Antwone Fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .
3	That the real Antwone Fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man
3	the real Antwone Fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man
2	the real Antwone Fisher
2	real Antwone Fisher
2	Antwone Fisher
3	was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man
4	able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man
3	to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man
3	overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man
3	overcome his personal obstacles and
2	overcome his personal obstacles
3	his personal obstacles
2	personal obstacles
2	become a good man
2	a good man
3	good man
3	is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .
3	is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
3	is a wonderful thing ;
3	is a wonderful thing
4	a wonderful thing
4	wonderful thing
4	that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
4	he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
2	has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
3	been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
4	able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
3	to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
3	share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
3	his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
2	his story
3	so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
3	so compellingly
3	with us is a minor miracle
3	us is a minor miracle
2	is a minor miracle
3	a minor miracle
3	minor miracle
2	There 's not much to Fatale , outside of its stylish surprises ... but that 's OK .
2	There 's not much to Fatale , outside of its stylish surprises ... but that 's OK
2	There 's not much to Fatale , outside of its stylish surprises ... but
2	There 's not much to Fatale , outside of its stylish surprises ...
1	There 's not much to Fatale , outside of its stylish surprises
1	's not much to Fatale , outside of its stylish surprises
2	's not
2	much to Fatale , outside of its stylish surprises
3	to Fatale , outside of its stylish surprises
3	Fatale , outside of its stylish surprises
2	Fatale ,
2	outside of its stylish surprises
4	of its stylish surprises
3	its stylish surprises
3	stylish surprises
2	that 's OK
2	's OK
3	What redeems the film is the cast , particularly the Ya-Yas themselves .
2	What redeems
3	the film is the cast , particularly the Ya-Yas themselves .
2	the film
2	is the cast , particularly the Ya-Yas themselves .
3	is the cast , particularly the Ya-Yas themselves
2	the cast , particularly the Ya-Yas themselves
2	the cast , particularly the Ya-Yas
2	the cast , particularly
2	the cast ,
2	the cast
2	the Ya-Yas
3	Beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images .
3	Beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images
4	Beautiful ,
3	cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images
2	cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly ,
3	cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly
3	, oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly
2	oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly
2	oddly colorful and just plain
3	oddly colorful and
3	oddly colorful
1	just plain
3	a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images
2	a freaky bit of art
2	a freaky bit
2	freaky bit
2	of art
3	that 's there to scare while we delight in the images
3	's there to scare while we delight in the images
3	there to scare while we delight in the images
2	to scare while we delight in the images
3	scare while we delight in the images
3	while we delight in the images
3	we delight in the images
3	delight in the images
2	in the images
2	the images
3	It 's up to -LRB- Watts -RRB- to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe .
3	It 's up to -LRB- Watts -RRB- to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe
3	It 's up to -LRB- Watts -RRB- to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and
2	It 's up to -LRB- Watts -RRB- to lend credibility to this strange scenario ,
2	It 's up to -LRB- Watts -RRB- to lend credibility to this strange scenario
2	's up to -LRB- Watts -RRB- to lend credibility to this strange scenario
2	up to -LRB- Watts -RRB- to lend credibility to this strange scenario
2	to -LRB- Watts -RRB- to lend credibility to this strange scenario
2	-LRB- Watts -RRB- to lend credibility to this strange scenario
2	-LRB- Watts -RRB-
2	Watts -RRB-
2	to lend credibility to this strange scenario
2	lend credibility to this strange scenario
2	lend credibility
2	to this strange scenario
2	this strange scenario
2	strange scenario
3	her presence succeeds in making us believe
2	her presence
3	succeeds in making us believe
2	in making us believe
2	making us believe
2	us believe
2	The film is darkly atmospheric , with Herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath Hearst 's forced avuncular chortles .
2	The film
2	is darkly atmospheric , with Herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath Hearst 's forced avuncular chortles .
2	is darkly atmospheric , with Herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath Hearst 's forced avuncular chortles
2	is darkly atmospheric ,
3	is darkly atmospheric
2	is darkly
2	with Herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath Hearst 's forced avuncular chortles
2	Herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath Hearst 's forced avuncular chortles
1	quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath Hearst 's forced avuncular chortles
2	suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath Hearst 's forced avuncular chortles
2	suggesting the sadness and obsession
2	the sadness and obsession
1	sadness and obsession
1	sadness and
2	beneath Hearst 's forced avuncular chortles
2	Hearst 's forced avuncular chortles
2	Hearst 's
1	forced avuncular chortles
3	avuncular chortles
3	Shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept -LRB- aliens come to Earth -RRB- and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .
3	takes a potentially trite and overused concept -LRB- aliens come to Earth -RRB- and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .
3	takes a potentially trite and overused concept -LRB- aliens come to Earth -RRB- and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion
1	takes a potentially trite and overused concept -LRB- aliens come to Earth -RRB- and
2	takes a potentially trite and overused concept -LRB- aliens come to Earth -RRB-
1	a potentially trite and overused concept -LRB- aliens come to Earth -RRB-
1	a potentially trite and overused concept
1	potentially trite and overused concept
0	potentially trite and overused
1	trite and overused
2	trite and
2	-LRB- aliens come to Earth -RRB-
2	aliens come to Earth -RRB-
2	aliens come to Earth
3	come to Earth
2	to Earth
3	infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion
3	infuses it
3	into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion
3	a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion
3	a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale
2	rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale
3	rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy
2	, realistic , and altogether creepy
2	realistic , and altogether creepy
2	, and altogether creepy
1	and altogether creepy
1	altogether creepy
2	of hidden invasion
2	hidden invasion
3	... the story , like Ravel 's Bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
3	the story , like Ravel 's Bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
3	the story , like Ravel 's Bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with
2	the story
3	, like Ravel 's Bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with
2	like Ravel 's Bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with
3	like Ravel 's Bolero
2	Ravel 's Bolero
2	Ravel 's
4	, builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with
3	builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with
3	to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with
3	a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with
3	a crescendo
3	that encompasses many more paths than we started with
2	encompasses many more paths than we started with
3	encompasses many more paths
2	many more paths
2	more paths
2	than we started with
2	we started with
2	started with
1	It 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless .
2	It 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless
1	It 's plotless , shapeless -- and
0	It 's plotless , shapeless --
0	It 's plotless , shapeless
0	's plotless , shapeless
0	plotless , shapeless
1	plotless ,
3	yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless
2	yet , it must be admitted , not
3	yet , it must be admitted ,
1	yet , it must be admitted
2	, it must be admitted
2	it must be admitted
2	must be admitted
2	be admitted
0	entirely humorless
3	Indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportions .
4	, the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportions .
3	the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportions .
2	the more outrageous bits
2	more outrageous bits
2	more outrageous
4	achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportions .
3	achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportions
4	a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportions
3	a shock-you-into-laughter intensity
3	shock-you-into-laughter intensity
2	of almost Dadaist proportions
2	almost Dadaist proportions
2	Dadaist proportions
3	Gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives Human Nature its unique feel is Kaufman 's script .
3	Gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives Human Nature its unique feel is Kaufman 's script
2	Gondry 's direction is adequate ...
3	Gondry 's direction is adequate
2	Gondry 's direction
2	Gondry 's
3	is adequate
3	but what gives Human Nature its unique feel is Kaufman 's script
3	what gives Human Nature its unique feel is Kaufman 's script
3	what gives Human Nature its unique feel
3	gives Human Nature its unique feel
2	gives Human Nature
2	Human Nature
3	its unique feel
3	unique feel
2	is Kaufman 's script
2	Kaufman 's script
2	Kaufman 's
3	The film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .
3	The film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots
1	The film 's plot may be shallow , but
1	The film 's plot may be shallow ,
1	The film 's plot may be shallow
2	The film 's plot
2	The film 's
2	film 's
1	may be shallow
1	be shallow
3	you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots
3	've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots
2	've never
3	seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots
2	seen the deep
2	the deep
2	like you see it in these harrowing surf shots
3	you see it in these harrowing surf shots
2	see it in these harrowing surf shots
3	see it
2	in these harrowing surf shots
2	these harrowing surf shots
2	harrowing surf shots
2	surf shots
3	With a large cast representing a broad cross-section , Tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
2	With a large cast representing a broad cross-section
2	a large cast representing a broad cross-section
2	a large cast
3	large cast
2	representing a broad cross-section
2	a broad cross-section
3	broad cross-section
3	, Tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
4	Tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
2	Tavernier 's film
2	Tavernier 's
3	bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
4	bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes
2	bounds along
3	with the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes
3	the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes
3	the rat-a-tat energy
2	rat-a-tat energy
3	of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes
2	`` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes
3	His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes
2	His Girl Friday , ''
2	His Girl Friday ,
2	His Girl Friday
2	Girl Friday
2	maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes
3	maintaining a light touch
3	a light touch
2	light touch
2	while tackling serious themes
3	tackling serious themes
2	serious themes
3	The observations of this social\/economic\/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony .
2	The observations of this social\/economic\/urban environment
3	The observations
2	of this social\/economic\/urban environment
2	this social\/economic\/urban environment
2	social\/economic\/urban environment
3	are canny and spiced with irony .
3	are canny and spiced with irony
2	are canny and spiced
3	canny and spiced
3	canny and
2	with irony
4	Renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .
3	carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .
4	carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance
1	much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance
4	of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance
3	the film with a creepy and dead-on performance
2	the film
3	with a creepy and dead-on performance
4	a creepy and dead-on performance
3	creepy and dead-on performance
3	creepy and dead-on
2	creepy and
2	Jarecki and Gibney do find enough material to bring Kissinger 's record into question and explain how the diplomat 's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .
2	Jarecki and Gibney
2	Jarecki and
2	do find enough material to bring Kissinger 's record into question and explain how the diplomat 's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .
2	do find enough material to bring Kissinger 's record into question and explain how the diplomat 's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives
2	find enough material to bring Kissinger 's record into question and explain how the diplomat 's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives
2	find enough material
2	enough material
2	to bring Kissinger 's record into question and explain how the diplomat 's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives
3	bring Kissinger 's record into question and explain how the diplomat 's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives
2	bring Kissinger 's record into question and
2	bring Kissinger 's record into question
2	bring Kissinger 's record
2	Kissinger 's record
2	Kissinger 's
2	into question
3	explain how the diplomat 's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives
0	how the diplomat 's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives
1	the diplomat 's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives
2	the diplomat 's tweaked version of statecraft
2	the diplomat 's tweaked version
2	the diplomat 's
2	diplomat 's
2	tweaked version
2	of statecraft
2	may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives
1	have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives
2	cost thousands and possibly millions of lives
2	cost thousands and possibly
2	cost thousands and
2	cost thousands
2	millions of lives
3	of lives
3	The spaniel-eyed Jean Reno infuses Hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .
2	The spaniel-eyed Jean Reno
2	spaniel-eyed Jean Reno
2	Jean Reno
3	infuses Hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .
4	infuses Hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart
4	Hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart
3	Hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure
3	with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure
4	a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure
2	a mixture
3	of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure
4	deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure
3	deadpan cool , wry humor and
3	deadpan cool , wry humor
2	deadpan cool ,
2	deadpan cool
3	wry humor
2	just the measure
2	the measure
3	of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart
2	tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart
1	required to give this comic slugfest some heart
2	to give this comic slugfest some heart
2	give this comic slugfest some heart
2	give this comic slugfest
3	this comic slugfest
3	comic slugfest
2	some heart
3	Aniston has at last decisively broken with her Friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .
3	has at last decisively broken with her Friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .
3	has at last decisively broken with her Friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil
2	has at last
3	at last
2	decisively broken with her Friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil
3	broken with her Friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil
2	broken with her Friends image
2	with her Friends image
2	her Friends image
2	Friends image
3	in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil
2	an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil
2	an independent film
3	independent film
2	of satiric fire and emotional turmoil
2	satiric fire and emotional turmoil
2	satiric fire and
2	satiric fire
2	emotional turmoil
2	A mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book .
3	A mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book
2	A mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation
2	mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation
2	mildly enjoyable if toothless
3	mildly enjoyable if
3	mildly enjoyable
2	of a much better book
2	a much better book
2	much better book
3	much better
3	Unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .
2	Unexpected , and often contradictory
2	, and often contradictory
1	and often contradictory
1	often contradictory
3	, truths emerge .
3	truths emerge .
2	emerge .
4	300 years of Russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .
3	300 years of Russian history and culture
2	300 years
2	of Russian history and culture
2	Russian history and culture
2	history and culture
2	history and
3	compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .
3	compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness
3	into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness
4	an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness
3	an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream
3	evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream
3	, seamless and sumptuous stream
3	seamless and sumptuous stream
3	and sumptuous stream
3	sumptuous stream
2	of consciousness
3	Intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .
3	Intelligent , caustic
2	, caustic
2	take on a great writer and dubious human being .
3	take on a great writer and dubious human being
2	on a great writer and dubious human being
3	a great writer and dubious human being
3	a great writer and
3	a great writer
4	great writer
1	dubious human being
2	human being
3	May take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours .
3	May take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours
2	May take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but
2	May take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going ,
1	May take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going
1	take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going
2	take its sweet time
4	its sweet time
2	sweet time
2	to get wherever it 's going
2	get wherever it 's going
2	wherever it 's going
2	it 's going
2	's going
3	if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours
1	if you have the patience for it
1	you have the patience for it
1	have the patience for it
2	the patience for it
2	the patience
2	for it
3	, you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours
4	you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours
3	wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours
2	wo n't
1	feel like it 's wasted yours
1	like it 's wasted yours
0	it 's wasted yours
2	's wasted yours
2	wasted yours
3	Less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling -LRB- though no less horrifying for it -RRB- .
3	the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling -LRB- though no less horrifying for it -RRB- .
4	the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling -LRB- though no less horrifying for it -RRB-
3	the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling
3	the sensational true-crime
4	sensational true-crime
2	hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling
1	hell-jaunt purists
3	might like and more experimental in its storytelling
2	like and more experimental in its storytelling
2	like and
3	more experimental in its storytelling
3	more experimental
2	in its storytelling
2	its storytelling
2	-LRB- though no less horrifying for it -RRB-
2	though no less horrifying for it -RRB-
2	though no
2	less horrifying for it -RRB-
2	less horrifying for it
2	horrifying for it
2	for it
4	The film is one of the year 's best .
2	The film
4	is one of the year 's best .
4	is one of the year 's best
4	one of the year 's best
3	of the year 's best
4	the year 's best
2	the year 's
2	year 's
1	Eerily accurate depiction of depression .
3	Eerily accurate depiction of depression
3	Eerily accurate depiction
3	Eerily accurate
2	of depression
4	... a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of Mamet .
4	a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of Mamet .
4	a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of Mamet
3	a delicious crime drama on par
3	a delicious crime drama
3	delicious crime drama
1	crime drama
2	on par
2	with the slickest of Mamet
2	the slickest of Mamet
2	the slickest
2	of Mamet
3	Charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy .
4	Charming and witty
3	Charming and
1	, it 's also somewhat clumsy .
2	it 's also somewhat clumsy .
1	's also somewhat clumsy .
1	's also somewhat clumsy
2	's also
1	somewhat clumsy
4	Directed with purpose and finesse by England 's Roger Mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as Notting Hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
4	Directed with purpose and finesse by England 's Roger Mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing
3	Directed with purpose and finesse
3	with purpose and finesse
3	purpose and finesse
2	purpose and
3	by England 's Roger Mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing
3	England 's Roger Mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing
2	England 's Roger Mitchell ,
2	England 's Roger Mitchell
2	England 's
2	Roger Mitchell
3	who handily makes the move from pleasing
2	handily makes the move from pleasing
3	makes the move from pleasing
2	makes the move
2	the move
3	from pleasing
3	, relatively lightweight commercial fare such as Notting Hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
3	relatively lightweight commercial fare such as Notting Hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
3	relatively lightweight commercial fare such as Notting Hill to commercial
2	relatively lightweight commercial fare
2	relatively lightweight
2	commercial fare
2	such as Notting Hill to commercial
2	as Notting Hill to commercial
2	Notting Hill to commercial
2	Notting Hill
2	to commercial
3	fare with real thematic heft .
4	fare with real thematic heft
3	with real thematic heft
2	real thematic heft
2	thematic heft
3	Escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions .
3	Escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions
3	Escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real ,
3	Escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real
3	Escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story
3	the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story
3	the precious trappings
2	precious trappings
2	of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story
2	most romantic comedies , infusing into the story
3	most romantic comedies ,
3	most romantic comedies
3	most romantic
2	infusing into the story
2	into the story
2	the story
3	very real
2	complicated emotions
2	This big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow .
2	This big screen caper
2	big screen caper
2	screen caper
3	has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow .
3	has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow
3	has a good bark ,
3	has a good bark
3	a good bark
3	good bark
3	far from being a bow-wow
2	from being a bow-wow
2	being a bow-wow
1	a bow-wow
3	-LRB- Allen -RRB- manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .
3	-LRB- Allen -RRB-
2	Allen -RRB-
3	manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .
2	manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise
2	to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise
3	breathe life into this somewhat tired premise
3	breathe life
1	into this somewhat tired premise
1	this somewhat tired premise
1	somewhat tired premise
1	somewhat tired
2	I have two words to say about Reign of Fire .
2	have two words to say about Reign of Fire .
2	have two words to say about Reign of Fire
2	two words to say about Reign of Fire
2	two words
2	to say about Reign of Fire
2	say about Reign of Fire
2	about Reign of Fire
2	Reign of Fire
2	of Fire
3	Great dragons !
3	dragons !
3	By surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , Haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .
1	By surrounding us with hyper-artificiality
1	surrounding us with hyper-artificiality
3	surrounding us
2	with hyper-artificiality
2	, Haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .
3	Haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .
3	makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .
3	makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way
3	us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way
3	see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way
2	familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way
2	familiar issues , like racism and homophobia ,
2	familiar issues , like racism and homophobia
2	familiar issues ,
2	familiar issues
2	like racism and homophobia
1	racism and homophobia
1	racism and
3	in a fresh way
3	a fresh way
2	fresh way
3	A deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession -- one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom .
3	A deliberative account of a lifestyle
2	A deliberative account
2	deliberative account
2	of a lifestyle
2	a lifestyle
2	characterized by its surface-obsession -- one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom .
2	characterized by its surface-obsession -- one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom
2	by its surface-obsession -- one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom
2	its surface-obsession -- one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom
2	its surface-obsession --
2	its surface-obsession
3	one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom
2	that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom
2	typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom
2	the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom
2	the delirium
2	of post , pre , and extant stardom
2	post , pre , and extant stardom
2	post , pre , and
2	post , pre ,
2	post , pre
2	post ,
3	extant stardom
3	Superb production values & Christian Bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot .
2	Superb production values & Christian Bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot
3	production values & Christian Bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot
2	production values &
2	production values
3	Christian Bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot
2	Christian Bale 's
2	Bale 's
2	charisma make up for a derivative plot
3	make up for a derivative plot
2	make up
2	for a derivative plot
2	a derivative plot
2	derivative plot
4	The film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .
2	The film
4	has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .
4	has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side
4	the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side
3	the courage of its convictions and
3	the courage of its convictions
3	the courage
2	of its convictions
2	its convictions
3	excellent performances on its side
4	excellent performances
2	on its side
2	its side
3	I know I should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old .
3	I know I should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old
3	I know I should n't have laughed , but
2	I know I should n't have laughed ,
2	I know I should n't have laughed
2	know I should n't have laughed
2	I should n't have laughed
2	should n't have laughed
2	should n't
2	have laughed
3	hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old
3	, those farts got to my inner nine-year-old
3	those farts got to my inner nine-year-old
2	those farts
3	got to my inner nine-year-old
2	to my inner nine-year-old
2	my inner nine-year-old
2	inner nine-year-old
3	A movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well .
4	A movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you
2	A movie
3	that will thrill you , touch you and make you
4	will thrill you , touch you and make you
4	thrill you , touch you and make you
4	thrill you , touch you and
3	thrill you , touch you
3	thrill you ,
3	thrill you
2	touch you
2	make you
3	laugh as well .
2	laugh as well
2	as well
3	It 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers .
3	It 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers
4	It 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and
3	It 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture ,
4	It 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture
3	's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture
4	a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture
3	a smart , funny look
3	smart , funny look
2	, funny look
3	funny look
2	at an arcane area of popular culture
3	an arcane area of popular culture
2	an arcane area
1	arcane area
2	of popular culture
2	popular culture
3	if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers
2	if it is n't entirely persuasive
1	it is n't entirely persuasive
1	is n't entirely persuasive
1	is n't
3	entirely persuasive
3	, it does give exposure to some talented performers
3	it does give exposure to some talented performers
2	does give exposure to some talented performers
3	give exposure to some talented performers
2	give exposure
3	to some talented performers
3	some talented performers
3	talented performers
2	More vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative , but on those terms it 's inoffensive and actually rather sweet .
3	More vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative , but on those terms it 's inoffensive and actually rather sweet
2	More vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative , but
1	More vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative ,
1	More vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative
2	More vaudeville
3	show than well-constructed narrative
3	than well-constructed narrative
4	well-constructed narrative
3	on those terms it 's inoffensive and actually rather sweet
2	on those terms
2	those terms
3	it 's inoffensive and actually rather sweet
3	's inoffensive and actually rather sweet
3	inoffensive and actually rather sweet
2	inoffensive and actually
2	inoffensive and
3	rather sweet
4	The case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .
2	The case
3	is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .
4	is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause
3	is a convincing one , and
3	is a convincing one ,
3	is a convincing one
3	a convincing one
3	convincing one
2	should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause
2	give anyone with a conscience reason to pause
2	give anyone with a conscience reason
2	give anyone
2	with a conscience reason
2	a conscience reason
2	conscience reason
2	to pause
3	The actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness .
2	The actresses
1	find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness .
2	find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness
2	find their own rhythm and
2	find their own rhythm
3	their own rhythm
2	own rhythm
2	protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness
2	protect each other
2	each other
1	from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness
1	the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness
2	the script 's
2	script 's
0	bad ideas and awkwardness
1	ideas and awkwardness
2	ideas and
2	Diverting French comedy in which a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy .
2	Diverting French comedy in which a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy
2	French comedy in which a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy
2	French comedy
2	in which a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy
2	in which
1	a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy
2	a husband
2	has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy
2	to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy
1	cope with the pesky moods of jealousy
2	with the pesky moods of jealousy
1	the pesky moods of jealousy
1	the pesky moods
2	pesky moods
2	of jealousy
4	Captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .
3	Captivates and shows
3	Captivates and
3	how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .
3	how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head
4	a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head
4	a skillful filmmaker
4	skillful filmmaker
3	can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head
3	impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head
3	impart a message
2	a message
3	without bludgeoning the audience over the head
0	bludgeoning the audience over the head
1	bludgeoning the audience
2	the audience
2	over the head
2	the head
4	There is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
3	is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
4	is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
2	a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
3	a welcome lack
2	welcome lack
3	of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
4	pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
3	about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
3	the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
2	the film ,
2	the film
3	which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
3	very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
2	very simply
4	sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
3	sets out to entertain and
3	sets out to entertain
3	sets out
3	to entertain
3	ends up delivering in good measure
2	ends up
3	delivering in good measure
3	in good measure
3	good measure
3	Coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by Ving Rhames and Wesley Snipes .
3	Coy but exhilarating
2	Coy but
4	, with really solid performances by Ving Rhames and Wesley Snipes .
3	with really solid performances by Ving Rhames and Wesley Snipes .
3	with really solid performances by Ving Rhames and Wesley Snipes
4	really solid performances by Ving Rhames and Wesley Snipes
3	really solid performances
3	really solid
2	by Ving Rhames and Wesley Snipes
2	Ving Rhames and Wesley Snipes
2	Rhames and Wesley Snipes
2	and Wesley Snipes
2	Wesley Snipes
3	It is a likable story , told with competence .
3	is a likable story , told with competence .
3	is a likable story , told with competence
4	a likable story , told with competence
3	a likable story ,
3	a likable story
3	likable story
3	told with competence
2	with competence
4	Not only does Spider-Man deliver , but I suspect it might deliver again and again .
2	Not only
4	does Spider-Man deliver , but I suspect it might deliver again and again .
2	does Spider-Man deliver
2	does Spider-Man
4	, but I suspect it might deliver again and again .
3	, but I suspect it might deliver again and again
2	, but
3	I suspect it might deliver again and again
3	suspect it might deliver again and again
3	it might deliver again and again
3	might deliver again and again
4	deliver again and again
2	again and again
2	again and
3	Tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down .
4	Tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down
4	Tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit
3	Tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss
2	the difficult subject of grief and loss
2	the difficult subject
2	difficult subject
1	of grief and loss
2	grief and loss
2	grief and
3	with such life-embracing spirit
3	such life-embracing spirit
3	life-embracing spirit
3	that the theme does n't drag an audience down
3	the theme does n't drag an audience down
2	the theme
3	does n't drag an audience down
1	does n't
2	drag an audience down
1	drag an audience
2	an audience
4	A small movie with a big impact .
4	A small movie with a big impact
1	A small movie
2	small movie
3	with a big impact
2	a big impact
2	big impact
3	The movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing .
2	The movie
2	, despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing .
3	despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing .
1	despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places
1	its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places
2	its rough edges and
1	its rough edges
1	rough edges
0	a tendency to sag in certain places
2	tendency to sag in certain places
1	to sag in certain places
1	sag in certain places
2	in certain places
2	certain places
3	, is wry and engrossing .
3	is wry and engrossing .
2	is wry and engrossing
3	wry and engrossing
2	wry and
3	I admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for Vincent 's complaint .
4	admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for Vincent 's complaint .
3	admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for Vincent 's complaint
2	the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for Vincent 's complaint
2	the closing scenes
2	closing scenes
2	of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for Vincent 's complaint
2	the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for Vincent 's complaint
2	the film ,
2	the film
2	which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for Vincent 's complaint
2	seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for Vincent 's complaint
2	to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for Vincent 's complaint
2	ask whether our civilization offers a cure for Vincent 's complaint
2	whether our civilization offers a cure for Vincent 's complaint
2	our civilization offers a cure for Vincent 's complaint
2	our civilization
2	offers a cure for Vincent 's complaint
2	a cure for Vincent 's complaint
2	a cure
2	for Vincent 's complaint
2	Vincent 's complaint
2	Vincent 's
0	Like Rudy Yellow Lodge , Eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
2	Like Rudy Yellow Lodge
2	Rudy Yellow Lodge
2	Yellow Lodge
0	, Eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
1	Eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
1	needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
2	needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider
2	to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider
2	take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider
2	take a good sweat
2	a good sweat
3	good sweat
2	to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider
2	clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider
2	clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and
2	clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation
2	clarify his cinematic vision
3	his cinematic vision
2	cinematic vision
2	before his next creation
2	his next creation
2	next creation
2	remember the lessons of the trickster spider
2	the lessons of the trickster spider
2	the lessons
2	of the trickster spider
2	the trickster spider
2	trickster spider
3	a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite .
4	a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite
4	a delightful romantic comedy with plenty
3	a delightful romantic comedy
4	delightful romantic comedy
2	romantic comedy
2	with plenty
2	of bite
3	It 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones .
3	It 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones
2	It 's far from a frothy piece , and
2	It 's far from a frothy piece ,
2	It 's far from a frothy piece
3	's far from a frothy piece
2	's far
2	from a frothy piece
2	a frothy piece
2	frothy piece
3	the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones
2	the characters
3	are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones
3	complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones
1	complex , laden with plenty of baggage and
2	complex , laden with plenty of baggage
3	complex ,
1	laden with plenty of baggage
2	with plenty of baggage
1	plenty of baggage
2	of baggage
1	tinged with tragic undertones
2	with tragic undertones
2	tragic undertones
3	Using an endearing cast , writer\/director Dover Kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .
3	Using an endearing cast
3	an endearing cast
3	endearing cast
2	, writer\/director Dover Kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .
3	writer\/director Dover Kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .
2	writer\/director Dover Kosashvili
2	Dover Kosashvili
2	takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .
2	takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred
3	takes a slightly dark look at relationships ,
2	takes a slightly dark look at relationships
2	takes a slightly dark look
2	a slightly dark look
2	slightly dark look
2	slightly dark
2	at relationships
2	both sexual and kindred
2	sexual and kindred
2	sexual and
4	When a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there 's something there .
3	When a movie has stuck around for this long
2	a movie has stuck around for this long
2	a movie
2	has stuck around for this long
1	stuck around for this long
2	stuck around
2	for this long
2	this long
3	, you know there 's something there .
3	you know there 's something there .
2	know there 's something there .
2	know there 's something there
3	there 's something there
3	's something there
2	's something
4	It 's that good .
3	's that good .
3	's that good
3	that good
4	Smart , sassy interpretation of the Oscar Wilde play .
3	Smart , sassy interpretation of the Oscar Wilde play
3	Smart ,
3	sassy interpretation of the Oscar Wilde play
3	sassy interpretation
3	of the Oscar Wilde play
2	the Oscar Wilde play
2	Oscar Wilde play
2	Wilde play
4	Forget about one Oscar nomination for Julianne Moore this year - she should get all five .
4	Forget about one Oscar nomination for Julianne Moore this year - she should get all five
1	Forget about one Oscar nomination for Julianne Moore this year -
0	Forget about one Oscar nomination for Julianne Moore this year
2	about one Oscar nomination for Julianne Moore this year
3	one Oscar nomination for Julianne Moore this year
4	one Oscar nomination
3	Oscar nomination
2	for Julianne Moore this year
2	Julianne Moore this year
2	Julianne Moore
2	this year
2	she should get all five
3	should get all five
3	get all five
2	all five
3	Japanese director Shohei Imamura 's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .
2	Japanese director Shohei Imamura 's latest film
2	Japanese director Shohei Imamura 's
2	director Shohei Imamura 's
2	Shohei Imamura 's
2	Imamura 's
2	latest film
3	is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .
3	is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime
4	an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime
3	an odd but ultimately satisfying blend
3	odd but ultimately satisfying blend
3	odd but ultimately satisfying
2	odd but
4	ultimately satisfying
2	of the sophomoric and the sublime
2	the sophomoric and the sublime
2	the sophomoric and
2	the sophomoric
2	the sublime
3	Kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and Lan Yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie .
3	Kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and Lan Yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie
4	Kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and
3	Kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise ,
3	Kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise
3	is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise
3	a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise
4	a master
2	of shadow , quietude , and room noise
2	shadow , quietude , and room noise
2	, quietude , and room noise
2	quietude , and room noise
3	, and room noise
2	and room noise
2	room noise
2	Lan Yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie
2	Lan Yu
3	is a disarmingly lived-in movie
2	a disarmingly lived-in movie
2	disarmingly lived-in movie
2	disarmingly lived-in
3	While the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director John Schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .
2	While the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course
1	the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course
2	the plot
2	follows a predictable connect-the-dots course
1	a predictable connect-the-dots course
2	predictable connect-the-dots course
2	connect-the-dots course
3	... director John Schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .
2	director John Schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .
2	director John Schultz
2	John Schultz
3	colors the picture in some evocative shades .
3	colors the picture in some evocative shades
3	the picture in some evocative shades
2	the picture
3	in some evocative shades
2	some evocative shades
3	evocative shades
3	Katz 's documentary does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it .
2	Katz 's documentary
2	Katz 's
4	does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it .
3	does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it
1	does n't
3	have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it
3	much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it
3	much panache
3	, but with material this rich it does n't need it
2	, but
3	with material this rich it does n't need it
3	material this rich it does n't need it
3	material this rich
3	this rich
2	it does n't need it
2	does n't need it
1	does n't
2	need it
2	We get an image of Big Papa spanning history , rather than suspending it .
2	get an image of Big Papa spanning history , rather than suspending it .
2	get an image of Big Papa spanning history , rather than suspending it
2	an image of Big Papa spanning history , rather than suspending it
2	an image of Big Papa
2	an image
2	of Big Papa
2	Big Papa
2	spanning history , rather than suspending it
2	spanning history , rather than
2	spanning history ,
2	spanning history
2	rather than
2	suspending it
3	Evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .
3	Evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction
2	Evelyn 's
4	strong cast and surehanded direction
3	cast and surehanded direction
4	and surehanded direction
3	surehanded direction
3	make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .
4	make for a winning , heartwarming yarn
3	for a winning , heartwarming yarn
4	a winning , heartwarming yarn
4	winning , heartwarming yarn
3	, heartwarming yarn
3	heartwarming yarn
4	A conventional but heartwarming tale .
3	A conventional but heartwarming tale
3	conventional but heartwarming tale
3	conventional but heartwarming
2	conventional but
4	This is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .
4	is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .
4	is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years
4	one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years
4	of the outstanding thrillers of recent years
4	the outstanding thrillers of recent years
3	the outstanding thrillers
4	outstanding thrillers
2	of recent years
2	recent years
3	Skins has a desolate air , but Eyre , a Native American raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .
4	Skins has a desolate air , but Eyre , a Native American raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
2	Skins has a desolate air , but
2	Skins has a desolate air ,
1	Skins has a desolate air
2	has a desolate air
2	a desolate air
2	desolate air
3	Eyre , a Native American raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
2	Eyre , a Native American raised by white parents ,
2	Eyre , a Native American raised by white parents
2	Eyre ,
2	a Native American raised by white parents
3	a Native American
2	Native American
2	raised by white parents
2	by white parents
2	white parents
3	manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
3	to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
4	infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
2	infuse the rocky path
2	the rocky path
2	rocky path
3	to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
3	sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
2	sibling reconciliation
3	with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
3	flashes of warmth and gentle humor
4	of warmth and gentle humor
3	warmth and gentle humor
3	warmth and gentle
3	warmth and
3	A film of quiet power .
3	A film of quiet power
2	A film
3	of quiet power
3	quiet power
4	More concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , Soderbergh 's Solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
1	More concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers
2	concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers
3	with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers
2	overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers
2	overall feelings , broader ideas , and
3	overall feelings , broader ideas ,
3	overall feelings , broader ideas
2	overall feelings ,
2	overall feelings
2	broader ideas
2	open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers
3	open-ended questions
2	than concrete story and definitive answers
3	concrete story and definitive answers
2	concrete story and
3	concrete story
2	definitive answers
4	, Soderbergh 's Solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
3	Soderbergh 's Solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
2	Soderbergh 's Solaris
2	Soderbergh 's
3	is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
4	is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem
4	a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem
3	gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem
3	gorgeous and deceptively minimalist
3	gorgeous and
2	deceptively minimalist
3	cinematic tone poem
2	tone poem
3	An intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality .
3	An intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality
4	An intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind
3	An intelligent romantic thriller
4	intelligent romantic thriller
3	romantic thriller
2	of a very old-school kind
1	a very old-school kind
2	very old-school kind
2	old-school kind
3	of quality
3	The sword fighting is well done and Auteuil is a goofy pleasure .
3	The sword fighting is well done and Auteuil is a goofy pleasure
4	The sword fighting is well done and
3	The sword fighting is well done
2	The sword fighting
2	sword fighting
3	is well done
4	well done
3	Auteuil is a goofy pleasure
3	is a goofy pleasure
3	a goofy pleasure
3	goofy pleasure
3	Yes , MIBII is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .
3	, MIBII is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .
2	MIBII is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .
2	is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .
3	is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it
2	is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right
2	is rote work and predictable , but
1	is rote work and predictable ,
1	is rote work and predictable
1	rote work and predictable
2	rote work and
2	rote work
3	with a philosophical visual coming right
3	a philosophical visual coming right
3	philosophical visual coming right
3	visual coming right
2	coming right
3	at the end that extravagantly redeems it
3	the end that extravagantly redeems it
2	the end
3	that extravagantly redeems it
3	extravagantly redeems it
3	redeems it
2	Film ca n't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout .
3	ca n't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout .
2	ca n't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout
2	ca n't quite maintain its initial momentum , but
1	ca n't quite maintain its initial momentum ,
1	ca n't quite maintain its initial momentum
2	ca n't quite
2	ca n't
2	maintain its initial momentum
2	its initial momentum
2	initial momentum
3	remains sporadically funny throughout
3	remains sporadically funny
3	sporadically funny
3	O Fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing .
3	O Fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing
4	O Fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and
3	O Fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually ,
3	O Fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually
2	O Fantasma
3	is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually
4	boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually
3	, confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually
3	confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually
4	confidently orchestrated
2	, aesthetically and sexually
3	aesthetically and sexually
2	aesthetically and
3	its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing
2	its impact
2	is deeply and rightly disturbing
2	is deeply and rightly
4	deeply and rightly
2	deeply and
2	It 's still Adam Sandler , and it 's not Little Nicky .
2	It 's still Adam Sandler , and it 's not Little Nicky
2	It 's still Adam Sandler , and
2	It 's still Adam Sandler ,
2	It 's still Adam Sandler
2	's still Adam Sandler
2	's still
3	Adam Sandler
2	it 's not Little Nicky
2	's not Little Nicky
2	's not
2	Little Nicky
3	And for many of us , that 's good enough .
2	for many of us , that 's good enough .
2	for many of us
2	many of us
2	of us
2	, that 's good enough .
3	that 's good enough .
3	's good enough .
2	's good enough
3	good enough
3	Here 's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .
4	's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .
4	's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix
2	's yet
3	another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix
3	another cool crime movie
3	cool crime movie
2	crime movie
3	that actually manages to bring something new into the mix
3	actually manages to bring something new into the mix
3	manages to bring something new into the mix
3	to bring something new into the mix
3	bring something new into the mix
3	bring something new
3	something new
2	into the mix
2	the mix
3	Lee 's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that Brown played in American culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability .
3	Lee 's achievement
2	Lee 's
3	extends to his supple understanding of the role that Brown played in American culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability .
3	extends to his supple understanding of the role that Brown played in American culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability
3	extends to his supple understanding of the role
3	to his supple understanding of the role
3	his supple understanding of the role
2	his supple understanding
2	supple understanding
2	of the role
2	the role
3	that Brown played in American culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability
3	Brown played in American culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability
2	played in American culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability
2	played in American culture
2	in American culture
2	American culture
2	as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability
2	an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability
3	an athlete , a movie star , and
3	an athlete , a movie star ,
3	an athlete , a movie star
2	an athlete ,
3	an athlete
3	a movie star
2	movie star
2	an image of black indomitability
2	an image
1	of black indomitability
1	black indomitability
2	Kaufman and Jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion -- our desire as human beings for passion in our lives and the emptiness one feels when it is missing .
3	Kaufman and Jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion -- our desire as human beings for passion in our lives and the emptiness one feels when it is missing
3	Kaufman and Jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion --
3	Kaufman and Jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion
2	Kaufman and Jonze
2	Kaufman and
3	take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion
2	huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion
2	huge risks
3	to ponder the whole notion of passion
3	ponder the whole notion of passion
2	the whole notion of passion
2	the whole notion
2	whole notion
3	of passion
2	our desire as human beings for passion in our lives and the emptiness one feels when it is missing
2	our desire as human beings for passion in our lives and the emptiness one
2	our desire
2	as human beings for passion in our lives and the emptiness one
2	human beings for passion in our lives and the emptiness one
2	human beings
2	for passion in our lives and the emptiness one
2	passion in our lives and the emptiness one
2	in our lives and the emptiness one
2	our lives and the emptiness one
2	our lives and
2	our lives
2	the emptiness one
2	emptiness one
2	feels when it is missing
2	when it is missing
1	it is missing
2	is missing
4	It tends to remind one of a really solid Woody Allen film , with its excellent use of New York locales and sharp writing
4	tends to remind one of a really solid Woody Allen film , with its excellent use of New York locales and sharp writing
4	to remind one of a really solid Woody Allen film , with its excellent use of New York locales and sharp writing
4	remind one of a really solid Woody Allen film , with its excellent use of New York locales and sharp writing
3	remind one of a really solid Woody Allen film ,
3	remind one of a really solid Woody Allen film
4	one of a really solid Woody Allen film
4	of a really solid Woody Allen film
4	a really solid Woody Allen film
3	really solid Woody Allen film
3	really solid
2	Woody Allen film
2	Allen film
3	with its excellent use of New York locales and sharp writing
4	its excellent use of New York locales and sharp writing
4	its excellent use
3	excellent use
3	of New York locales and sharp writing
3	New York locales and sharp writing
2	New York locales and
2	New York locales
2	York locales
3	sharp writing
4	While centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the Yiddish theater , both in America and Israel .
2	While centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family
2	centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family
2	on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family
2	the life experiences of a particular theatrical family
2	the life experiences
2	life experiences
3	of a particular theatrical family
2	a particular theatrical family
2	particular theatrical family
2	theatrical family
4	, this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the Yiddish theater , both in America and Israel .
4	this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the Yiddish theater , both in America and Israel .
4	marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the Yiddish theater , both in America and Israel .
3	marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the Yiddish theater , both in America and Israel
3	marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully --
4	marvelous documentary touches
2	documentary touches
3	-- ever so gracefully --
3	ever so gracefully --
3	ever so gracefully
4	so gracefully
2	on the entire history of the Yiddish theater , both in America and Israel
2	on the entire history of the Yiddish theater
2	the entire history of the Yiddish theater
2	the entire history
2	entire history
2	of the Yiddish theater
2	the Yiddish theater
2	Yiddish theater
2	, both in America and Israel
2	, both
2	in America and Israel
2	America and Israel
2	America and
3	The film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .
2	The film
3	, despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .
3	despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .
2	despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it
2	the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it
1	the gratuitous cinematic distractions
3	gratuitous cinematic distractions
2	cinematic distractions
2	impressed upon it
2	upon it
3	, is still good fun .
3	is still good fun .
3	is still good fun
2	is still
4	good fun
4	The immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D .
4	The immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images
3	The immersive powers
3	immersive powers
3	of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images
3	the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images
2	the giant screen and
2	the giant screen
2	giant screen
2	its hyper-realistic images
4	hyper-realistic images
4	are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D .
3	are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D
4	put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D
4	to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D
4	perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D
4	use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D
3	in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D
4	the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D
3	breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D
3	beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D
2	outer-space documentary Space Station 3D
2	documentary Space Station 3D
2	Space Station 3D
2	Station 3D
3	Has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre .
3	Has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre
3	an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre
3	an unmistakable , easy joie
4	unmistakable , easy joie
3	unmistakable , easy
2	, easy
2	de vivre
4	More than anything else , Kissing Jessica Stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again .
2	More than anything else
2	than anything else
2	anything else
4	, Kissing Jessica Stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again .
4	Kissing Jessica Stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again .
2	Kissing Jessica Stein
2	Jessica Stein
4	injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again .
3	injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
4	injects freshness and spirit
3	freshness and spirit
3	freshness and
2	into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
2	the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
2	the romantic comedy genre ,
2	the romantic comedy genre
3	romantic comedy genre
3	comedy genre
1	which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
1	has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
0	been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
2	held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
1	held hostage
1	by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
0	generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
1	generic scripts
1	that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
2	seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
1	to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
1	remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
2	remake Sleepless in Seattle
2	Sleepless in Seattle
2	in Seattle
2	again and again
2	again and
3	This movie has the usual impossible stunts ... But it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .
3	This movie has the usual impossible stunts ... But it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
2	This movie has the usual impossible stunts ... But
3	This movie has the usual impossible stunts ...
2	This movie has the usual impossible stunts
2	This movie
3	has the usual impossible stunts
2	the usual impossible stunts
2	usual impossible stunts
2	usual impossible
3	it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
3	has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
3	just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
2	just as many scenes
2	just as many
2	as many
4	that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
3	are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
3	lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
2	lean and
3	tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
2	tough enough
2	to fit in any modern action movie
3	fit in any modern action movie
2	in any modern action movie
2	any modern action movie
2	modern action movie
2	action movie
4	Mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh .
4	works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh .
4	works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh
3	because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh
3	because of the universal themes , earnest performances
3	of the universal themes , earnest performances
3	the universal themes , earnest performances
3	the universal themes ,
2	the universal themes
2	universal themes
3	earnest performances
3	... and excellent use of music by India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh
2	... and
4	excellent use of music by India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh
3	excellent use of music
3	excellent use
2	of music
2	by India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh
3	India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh
2	India 's
3	popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh
2	Gulzar and Jagjit Singh
2	and Jagjit Singh
2	Jagjit Singh
2	... the one thing this Wild film has that other Imax films do n't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house .
3	the one thing this Wild film has that other Imax films do n't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house .
2	the one thing this Wild film
2	the one thing
2	one thing
3	this Wild film
3	Wild film
1	has that other Imax films do n't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house .
2	has that other Imax films do n't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house
1	that other Imax films do n't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house
2	that other Imax films do n't
2	other Imax films do n't
2	other Imax films
2	Imax films
2	do n't
2	: chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house
2	chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house
2	chimps ,
2	lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house
2	of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house
2	chimps , all blown up to the size of a house
2	chimps ,
1	all blown up to the size of a house
3	blown up to the size of a house
2	blown up
2	to the size of a house
2	the size of a house
2	the size
2	of a house
2	a house
4	That 's fun for kids of any age .
4	's fun for kids of any age .
4	's fun for kids of any age
4	fun for kids of any age
2	for kids of any age
2	kids of any age
2	of any age
3	any age
4	Writer\/director David Caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .
2	Writer\/director David Caesar
2	David Caesar
4	ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .
3	ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza
4	on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza
3	the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza
2	the local flavour
3	local flavour
3	with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza
4	a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza
4	a hugely enjoyable film
4	hugely enjoyable film
4	hugely enjoyable
3	about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza
3	changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza
2	changing times , clashing cultures and
2	changing times , clashing cultures
2	changing times ,
2	changing times
2	clashing cultures
3	the pleasures of a well-made pizza
2	the pleasures
3	of a well-made pizza
3	a well-made pizza
3	well-made pizza
4	Rarely have I seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .
4	have I seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .
3	have I seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart
2	have I
4	seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart
3	a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart
2	a film
3	so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart
2	so willing
3	to champion the fallibility of the human heart
3	champion the fallibility of the human heart
2	the fallibility of the human heart
2	the fallibility
3	of the human heart
2	the human heart
2	human heart
4	Holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .
2	rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .
3	rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks
3	patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks
2	patent solutions
2	to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks
3	dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks
2	dramatize life 's messiness from inside out ,
2	dramatize life 's messiness from inside out
1	dramatize life 's messiness
2	life 's messiness
2	life 's
2	from inside out
2	inside out
3	in all its strange quirks
3	all its strange quirks
2	its strange quirks
2	strange quirks
4	Like The Full Monty , this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
2	Like The Full Monty
2	The Full Monty
2	Full Monty
4	, this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
4	this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
3	is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
3	is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll
4	sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll
4	to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll
4	raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll
3	raise audience 's spirits and
3	raise audience 's spirits
2	audience 's spirits
2	audience 's
3	leave them singing long after the credits roll
2	them singing long after the credits roll
3	singing long after the credits roll
2	singing long
2	after the credits roll
2	the credits roll
2	credits roll
4	... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...
4	a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...
3	a gleefully grungy
3	a gleefully
4	, hilariously wicked black comedy ...
4	hilariously wicked black comedy ...
4	hilariously wicked black comedy
3	wicked black comedy
2	black comedy
4	Kinnear and Dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .
2	Kinnear and Dafoe
2	Kinnear and
4	give what may be the performances of their careers .
3	give what may be the performances of their careers
4	what may be the performances of their careers
4	may be the performances of their careers
3	be the performances of their careers
4	the performances of their careers
2	the performances
2	of their careers
2	their careers
3	All in all , a great party .
3	All in all , a great party
3	in all , a great party
3	all , a great party
2	all ,
3	a great party
3	great party
4	A moving story of determination and the human spirit .
3	A moving story of determination and the human spirit
3	A moving story
3	moving story
3	of determination and the human spirit
3	determination and the human spirit
2	determination and
2	the human spirit
2	human spirit
3	`` Brown Sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
3	Brown Sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
2	Brown Sugar '' admirably
3	Sugar '' admirably
3	'' admirably
3	aspires to be more than another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
3	aspires to be more than another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
3	to be more than another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
3	be more than another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
3	more than another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
2	than another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
2	another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
3	another `` Best Man ''
2	`` Best Man ''
3	Best Man ''
2	Man ''
2	clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
3	by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
4	weaving a theme throughout this funny film
3	weaving a theme
2	a theme
3	throughout this funny film
3	this funny film
3	funny film
3	-LRB- Gulpilil -RRB- is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass .
3	-LRB- Gulpilil -RRB- is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass
3	-LRB- Gulpilil -RRB- is a commanding screen presence , and
3	-LRB- Gulpilil -RRB- is a commanding screen presence ,
3	-LRB- Gulpilil -RRB- is a commanding screen presence
2	-LRB- Gulpilil -RRB-
2	Gulpilil -RRB-
3	is a commanding screen presence
4	a commanding screen presence
3	commanding screen presence
3	screen presence
3	his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass
2	his character 's abundant humanism
2	his character 's
2	character 's
3	abundant humanism
3	makes him the film 's moral compass
2	him the film 's moral compass
2	the film 's moral compass
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	moral compass
4	An effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .
2	An effortlessly
4	accomplished and richly resonant work .
4	accomplished and richly resonant work
3	accomplished and
3	richly resonant work
2	resonant work
2	In some ways , Lagaan is quintessential Bollywood .
2	In some ways
2	some ways
2	, Lagaan is quintessential Bollywood .
3	Lagaan is quintessential Bollywood .
3	is quintessential Bollywood .
3	is quintessential Bollywood
3	quintessential Bollywood
4	Except it 's much , much better .
3	Except it 's much
2	it 's much
2	's much
3	, much better .
2	much better .
3	much better
2	Though it never rises to its full potential as a film , still offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed .
1	Though it never rises to its full potential as a film
2	it never rises to its full potential as a film
1	never rises to its full potential as a film
4	rises to its full potential as a film
3	rises to its full potential
3	to its full potential
4	its full potential
3	full potential
2	as a film
2	a film
4	, still offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed .
3	still offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed .
4	offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed .
3	offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed
3	offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and
3	offers a great deal of insight into the female condition
3	offers a great deal of insight
4	a great deal of insight
3	a great deal
3	great deal
2	of insight
2	into the female condition
2	the female condition
2	female condition
1	the timeless danger of emotions repressed
2	the timeless danger of emotions
2	the timeless danger
2	timeless danger
2	of emotions
3	Scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf .
3	Scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf
3	Scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics ,
3	Scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics
3	Scotland looks wonderful ,
3	Scotland looks wonderful
3	looks wonderful
3	the fans are often funny fanatics
2	the fans
3	are often funny fanatics
2	are often
3	funny fanatics
2	the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf
2	the showdown
2	sure beats a bad day of golf
2	beats a bad day of golf
2	a bad day of golf
1	a bad day
1	bad day
2	of golf
3	What enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of Cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .
3	What enlivens this film
3	enlivens this film
2	this film
3	, beyond the astute direction of Cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .
4	beyond the astute direction of Cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .
4	beyond the astute direction of Cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors
4	the astute direction of Cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors
3	the astute direction of Cardoso and
3	the astute direction of Cardoso
3	the astute direction
2	astute direction
2	of Cardoso
4	beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors
4	beautifully detailed performances
4	detailed performances
2	by all of the actors
2	all of the actors
2	of the actors
2	the actors
3	, is a note of defiance over social dictates .
2	is a note of defiance over social dictates .
2	is a note of defiance over social dictates
2	a note of defiance over social dictates
2	a note
2	of defiance over social dictates
2	defiance over social dictates
2	over social dictates
2	social dictates
4	The emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .
4	The emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task
3	The emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and
3	The emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded ,
3	The emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded
2	The emotion
4	is impressively true for being so hot-blooded
3	impressively true for being so hot-blooded
3	true for being so hot-blooded
2	for being so hot-blooded
2	being so hot-blooded
3	so hot-blooded
3	both leads are up to the task
2	both leads
3	are up to the task
2	are up
2	to the task
2	the task
3	Although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense .
2	Although it lacks the detail of the book
1	it lacks the detail of the book
1	lacks the detail of the book
2	the detail of the book
2	the detail
2	of the book
2	the book
4	, the film does pack some serious suspense .
3	the film does pack some serious suspense .
2	the film
3	does pack some serious suspense .
4	does pack some serious suspense
3	pack some serious suspense
3	some serious suspense
3	serious suspense
4	I 'd watch these two together again in a New York minute .
3	'd watch these two together again in a New York minute .
3	'd watch these two together again in a New York minute
3	watch these two together again in a New York minute
3	watch these two together again
3	watch these two together
3	watch these two
2	these two
2	in a New York minute
2	a New York minute
2	New York minute
2	York minute
4	There 's nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot , and CQ shimmers with it .
2	There 's nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot , and CQ shimmers with it
3	There 's nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot , and
3	There 's nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot ,
3	There 's nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot
2	's nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot
3	nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot
2	nothing like love
2	like love
2	to give a movie a B-12 shot
2	give a movie a B-12 shot
2	give a movie
2	a movie
2	a B-12 shot
2	B-12 shot
2	CQ shimmers with it
3	shimmers with it
3	with it
3	A moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .
3	A moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide
2	A moving essay
2	moving essay
2	about the specter of death , especially suicide
2	the specter of death , especially suicide
2	the specter
2	of death , especially suicide
2	death , especially suicide
1	death , especially
2	death ,
3	This film is so different from The Apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
2	This film
3	is so different from The Apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
4	is so different from The Apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
3	is so different from The Apple and so striking
3	so different from The Apple and so striking
2	so different from The Apple and
2	so different from The Apple
2	different from The Apple
2	from The Apple
2	The Apple
3	so striking
3	that it can only encourage us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
3	it can only encourage us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
3	can only encourage us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
2	can only
2	encourage us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
3	us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
3	to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
3	see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
4	Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
2	Samira Makhmalbaf
3	as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
3	a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
3	a very distinctive sensibility ,
3	a very distinctive sensibility
3	very distinctive sensibility
3	very distinctive
3	working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
3	to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
3	develop her own film language with conspicuous success
3	develop her own film language
2	her own film language
2	own film language
2	film language
3	with conspicuous success
3	conspicuous success
2	Like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to Mr. Wong 's In the Mood for Love -- very much a Hong Kong movie despite its mainland setting .
3	Like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to Mr.
2	a less dizzily gorgeous companion to Mr.
2	a less dizzily gorgeous companion
2	less dizzily gorgeous companion
2	less dizzily gorgeous
4	dizzily gorgeous
2	to Mr.
2	Wong 's In the Mood for Love -- very much a Hong Kong movie despite its mainland setting .
2	's In the Mood for Love -- very much a Hong Kong movie despite its mainland setting .
2	's In the Mood for Love -- very much a Hong Kong movie despite its mainland setting
2	's In the Mood for Love -- very much a Hong Kong movie
3	In the Mood for Love -- very much a Hong Kong movie
2	the Mood for Love -- very much a Hong Kong movie
3	the Mood
2	for Love -- very much a Hong Kong movie
3	Love -- very much a Hong Kong movie
4	Love -- very much
3	Love --
2	very much
2	a Hong Kong movie
2	Hong Kong movie
2	Kong movie
2	despite its mainland setting
3	its mainland setting
2	mainland setting
2	... a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor .
2	a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor .
2	a somber film , almost completely
1	a somber film ,
2	a somber film
2	somber film
2	almost completely
2	unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor .
2	unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor
1	unrelieved by any comedy
2	by any comedy
2	any comedy
2	beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor
2	the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor
2	the wistful everyday ironies
3	wistful everyday ironies
2	everyday ironies
2	of the working poor
2	the working poor
2	working poor
3	Coral Reef Adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching .
4	Coral Reef Adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching
3	Coral Reef Adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and
3	Coral Reef Adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs --
3	Coral Reef Adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs
2	Coral Reef Adventure
2	Reef Adventure
3	is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs
4	a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs
3	a heavyweight film
3	heavyweight film
3	that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs
3	fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs
3	fights a good fight
3	a good fight
3	good fight
2	on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs
2	behalf of the world 's endangered reefs
2	of the world 's endangered reefs
2	the world 's endangered reefs
2	the world 's
2	world 's
2	endangered reefs
2	it lets the pictures do the punching
3	lets the pictures do the punching
3	the pictures do the punching
2	the pictures
2	do the punching
2	the punching
4	The overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .
2	The overall result
2	overall result
3	is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .
3	is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries
4	an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries
4	an intelligent , realistic portrayal
4	intelligent , realistic portrayal
3	, realistic portrayal
3	realistic portrayal
3	of testing boundaries
2	testing boundaries
4	Poignant and moving , A Walk to Remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
3	Poignant and moving
3	Poignant and
4	, A Walk to Remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
4	A Walk to Remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
2	A Walk to Remember
3	Walk to Remember
2	to Remember
3	is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
4	is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter
3	is an inspirational love story ,
3	is an inspirational love story
4	an inspirational love story
4	inspirational love story
2	love story
3	capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter
2	the innocence and idealism of that first encounter
2	the innocence and idealism
3	innocence and idealism
2	innocence and
2	of that first encounter
2	that first encounter
2	first encounter
3	Worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .
3	Worth a
4	salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .
2	salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film
2	salute just
2	for trying to be more complex than your average film
3	trying to be more complex than your average film
3	to be more complex than your average film
3	be more complex than your average film
2	more complex than your average film
3	complex than your average film
2	than your average film
2	your average film
2	average film
3	Handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy .
2	Handsome and sophisticated
3	Handsome and
3	approach to the workplace romantic comedy .
3	approach to the workplace romantic comedy
2	approach to the workplace
2	to the workplace
2	the workplace
2	romantic comedy
4	A shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .
4	A shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait
4	shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait
4	shimmeringly lovely
3	coming-of-age portrait
3	, shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .
3	shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .
3	shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown
3	in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown
3	artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown
3	artful , watery tones
2	, watery tones
1	watery tones
2	of blue , green and brown
2	blue , green and brown
2	, green and brown
2	green and brown
2	green and
3	While Cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .
1	While Cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller
2	Cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller
1	does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller
1	does n't completely
1	does n't
3	survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller
2	survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy
2	survive its tonal transformation
2	its tonal transformation
2	tonal transformation
2	from dark comedy
3	dark comedy
3	to suspense thriller
2	suspense thriller
2	, it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .
2	it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .
2	's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .
3	's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem
3	got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem
2	got just
3	enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem
2	enough charm and
2	enough charm
3	appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem
3	appealing character quirks
2	character quirks
1	to forgive that still serious problem
2	forgive that still serious problem
2	that still serious problem
1	still serious problem
2	still serious
2	In many ways , reminiscent of 1992 's Unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
2	In many ways
2	many ways
3	, reminiscent of 1992 's Unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
3	reminiscent of 1992 's Unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
2	reminiscent of 1992
2	of 1992
3	's Unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
3	's Unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue
2	Unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue
2	which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue
4	also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue
3	utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue
2	the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue
3	the scintillating force
3	scintillating force
2	of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue
1	its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue
1	actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue
2	to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue
1	draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue
2	draw out
1	the menace of its sparse dialogue
2	the menace
2	of its sparse dialogue
1	its sparse dialogue
2	sparse dialogue
4	We admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .
3	admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .
3	admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies
3	this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies
2	this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal
2	this film
2	for its harsh objectivity and refusal
2	its harsh objectivity and refusal
1	harsh objectivity and refusal
1	objectivity and refusal
2	objectivity and
3	to seek our tears , our sympathies
2	seek our tears , our sympathies
2	our tears , our sympathies
2	our tears ,
2	our tears
3	our sympathies
3	An often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century .
3	An often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama
2	An often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast
3	often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast
3	often watchable , though goofy and lurid ,
3	often watchable
3	, though goofy and lurid ,
2	though goofy and lurid ,
2	goofy and lurid ,
2	goofy and lurid
2	goofy and
2	of a costume drama
2	a costume drama
2	costume drama
2	set in the late 15th century .
2	set in the late 15th century
2	in the late 15th century
2	the late 15th century
2	late 15th century
2	15th century
4	The entire cast is first-rate , especially Sorvino .
2	The entire cast
2	entire cast
3	is first-rate , especially Sorvino .
4	is first-rate , especially Sorvino
4	first-rate , especially Sorvino
2	, especially Sorvino
2	especially Sorvino
3	The Cat 's Meow marks a return to form for director Peter Bogdanovich ...
3	The Cat 's Meow
2	The Cat 's
2	Cat 's
2	marks a return to form for director Peter Bogdanovich ...
3	marks a return to form for director Peter Bogdanovich
3	a return to form for director Peter Bogdanovich
3	return to form for director Peter Bogdanovich
2	to form for director Peter Bogdanovich
2	form for director Peter Bogdanovich
2	for director Peter Bogdanovich
2	director Peter Bogdanovich
2	Peter Bogdanovich
2	This one is strictly a lightweight escapist film .
2	This one
3	is strictly a lightweight escapist film .
1	is strictly a lightweight escapist film
2	is strictly
2	a lightweight escapist film
2	lightweight escapist film
3	escapist film
4	This sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .
4	This sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama
4	sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama
4	sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling
4	, smart , savvy , compelling
4	smart , savvy , compelling
3	, savvy , compelling
4	savvy , compelling
3	, compelling
3	coming-of-age drama
1	delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .
2	delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem
3	into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem
2	the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem
2	the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and
1	the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence
2	the passive-aggressive psychology
3	passive-aggressive psychology
2	of co-dependence
2	the struggle for self-esteem
2	the struggle
2	for self-esteem
2	The culmination of everyone 's efforts is given life when A Selection appears in its final form -LRB- in `` Last Dance '' -RRB- .
3	The culmination of everyone 's efforts
2	The culmination
2	of everyone 's efforts
2	everyone 's efforts
3	everyone 's
2	is given life when A Selection appears in its final form -LRB- in `` Last Dance '' -RRB- .
3	is given life when A Selection appears in its final form -LRB- in `` Last Dance '' -RRB-
2	given life when A Selection appears in its final form -LRB- in `` Last Dance '' -RRB-
2	given life
2	when A Selection appears in its final form -LRB- in `` Last Dance '' -RRB-
2	A Selection appears in its final form -LRB- in `` Last Dance '' -RRB-
2	A Selection
2	appears in its final form -LRB- in `` Last Dance '' -RRB-
2	appears in its final form
2	in its final form
2	its final form
2	final form
2	-LRB- in `` Last Dance '' -RRB-
2	in `` Last Dance '' -RRB-
2	in `` Last Dance ''
2	`` Last Dance ''
2	Last Dance ''
2	Dance ''
3	In questioning the election process , Payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
2	In questioning the election process
2	questioning the election process
2	the election process
2	election process
3	, Payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
3	Payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
3	graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
2	illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
3	illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box
2	the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box
2	the problems of fledgling democracies , but also
2	the problems of fledgling democracies ,
1	the problems of fledgling democracies
1	the problems
2	of fledgling democracies
2	fledgling democracies
2	but also
3	the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box
2	the strength and sense
3	strength and sense
2	strength and
2	of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box
3	freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box
2	the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box
2	the Iranian people
2	Iranian people
2	already possess , with or without access to the ballot box
2	possess , with or without access to the ballot box
2	possess , with or without access
2	possess ,
2	with or without access
2	with or without
2	with or
2	to the ballot box
2	the ballot box
2	ballot box
4	A very charming and funny movie .
4	A very charming and funny movie
3	very charming and funny movie
4	very charming and funny
3	charming and funny
3	charming and
3	This is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .
3	is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .
4	is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography
3	a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography
2	a film
3	that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography
4	manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography
3	to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography
2	find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography
3	find greatness
2	in the hue of its drastic iconography
2	the hue of its drastic iconography
2	the hue
2	of its drastic iconography
3	its drastic iconography
2	drastic iconography
2	Streamlined to a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller , `` Big Trouble '' is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter .
2	Streamlined to a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller
3	to a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller
2	a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller
3	tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller
2	, brisk 85-minute screwball thriller
3	brisk 85-minute screwball thriller
2	85-minute screwball thriller
2	screwball thriller
4	, `` Big Trouble '' is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter .
2	`` Big Trouble '' is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter .
2	`` Big Trouble ''
2	Big Trouble ''
1	Trouble ''
3	is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter .
4	is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter
3	is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn
3	funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn
3	funny , harmless and as substantial
3	funny , harmless and
3	funny , harmless
3	funny ,
3	as substantial
2	as a tub of popcorn
2	a tub of popcorn
2	a tub
2	of popcorn
3	with extra butter
2	extra butter
4	Consummate actor Barry has done excellent work here .
2	Consummate actor Barry
2	actor Barry
4	has done excellent work here .
4	has done excellent work here
4	done excellent work here
4	done excellent work
4	excellent work
2	The biggest problem with this movie is that it 's not nearly long enough .
2	The biggest problem with this movie
1	The biggest problem
2	biggest problem
2	with this movie
2	this movie
2	is that it 's not nearly long enough .
2	is that it 's not nearly long enough
1	that it 's not nearly long enough
3	it 's not nearly long enough
2	's not nearly long enough
2	's not
2	nearly long enough
2	long enough
1	While not all that bad of a movie , it 's nowhere near as good as the original .
2	While not all that bad of a movie
3	not all that bad of a movie
2	all that bad of a movie
2	all that
1	bad of a movie
2	of a movie
2	a movie
1	, it 's nowhere near as good as the original .
1	it 's nowhere near as good as the original .
1	's nowhere near as good as the original .
1	's nowhere near as good as the original
1	's nowhere near
2	nowhere near
3	as good as the original
3	good as the original
3	as the original
3	the original
2	Ali 's graduation from little screen to big is far less painful than his opening scene encounter with an over-amorous terrier .
3	Ali 's graduation from little screen to big
2	Ali 's graduation
2	Ali 's
3	from little screen to big
2	little screen to big
2	little screen
2	to big
2	is far less painful than his opening scene encounter with an over-amorous terrier .
2	is far less painful than his opening scene encounter with an over-amorous terrier
2	far less painful than his opening scene encounter with an over-amorous terrier
2	far less painful
2	less painful
3	than his opening scene encounter with an over-amorous terrier
2	his opening scene encounter with an over-amorous terrier
2	his opening scene encounter
2	opening scene encounter
2	scene encounter
2	with an over-amorous terrier
2	an over-amorous terrier
2	over-amorous terrier
3	I have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws Igby Goes Down may possess , it is undeniably that .
3	I have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws Igby Goes Down may possess , it is undeniably that
3	I have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and
3	I have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture ,
3	I have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture
3	have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture
2	have always
3	appreciated a smartly written motion picture
4	a smartly written motion picture
4	smartly written motion picture
4	smartly written
2	motion picture
2	, whatever flaws Igby Goes Down may possess , it is undeniably that
1	whatever flaws Igby Goes Down may possess , it is undeniably that
1	whatever flaws Igby Goes Down may possess
2	flaws Igby Goes Down may possess
1	flaws Igby
2	Goes Down may possess
2	Down may possess
2	may possess
2	, it is undeniably that
2	it is undeniably that
2	is undeniably that
2	undeniably that
4	You can sip your vintage wines and watch your Merchant Ivory productions ; I 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a Jerry Bruckheimer flick any day of the week .
2	You can sip your vintage wines and watch your Merchant Ivory productions ; I 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a Jerry Bruckheimer flick any day of the week
2	You can sip your vintage wines and watch your Merchant Ivory productions ;
2	You can sip your vintage wines and watch your Merchant Ivory productions
2	can sip your vintage wines and watch your Merchant Ivory productions
3	sip your vintage wines and watch your Merchant Ivory productions
2	sip your vintage wines and
2	sip your vintage wines
2	your vintage wines
2	vintage wines
3	watch your Merchant Ivory productions
2	your Merchant Ivory productions
3	Merchant Ivory productions
2	Ivory productions
3	I 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a Jerry Bruckheimer flick any day of the week
3	I 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and
2	I 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea
2	'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea
2	settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea
2	for a nice cool glass of iced tea
3	a nice cool glass of iced tea
2	a nice cool glass
2	nice cool glass
2	cool glass
2	of iced tea
2	iced tea
3	a Jerry Bruckheimer flick any day of the week
2	a Jerry Bruckheimer
2	Jerry Bruckheimer
2	flick any day of the week
2	any day of the week
2	any day
2	of the week
2	the week
2	May be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since Town and Country .
2	be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since Town and Country .
2	be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since Town and Country
3	be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill
2	the most undeserving victim of critical overkill
2	the most undeserving victim
1	most undeserving victim
1	most undeserving
1	of critical overkill
1	critical overkill
2	since Town and Country
2	Town and Country
2	Town and
3	A chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness .
3	A chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness
3	A chilly , brooding but quietly
2	A chilly ,
2	A chilly
2	brooding but quietly
2	brooding but
2	resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness
2	resonant psychological study
2	psychological study
1	of domestic tension and unhappiness
1	domestic tension and unhappiness
2	tension and unhappiness
2	tension and
3	The movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the Cotswolds .
2	The movie
3	does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the Cotswolds .
3	does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the Cotswolds
3	does its best
3	its best
3	to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the Cotswolds
3	work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the Cotswolds
2	work us over ,
2	work us over
2	work us
3	with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the Cotswolds
3	second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the Cotswolds
3	second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and
3	second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies ,
2	second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies
2	second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief ,
3	second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief
3	second helpings
2	of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief
2	love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief
3	, romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief
2	romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief
2	, tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief
2	tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief
2	, false dawns , real dawns , comic relief
2	false dawns , real dawns , comic relief
3	dawns , real dawns , comic relief
2	, real dawns , comic relief
3	real dawns , comic relief
3	dawns , comic relief
2	, comic relief
3	comic relief
2	two separate crises during marriage ceremonies
2	two separate crises
2	separate crises
2	during marriage ceremonies
2	marriage ceremonies
2	the lush scenery of the Cotswolds
3	the lush scenery
3	lush scenery
2	of the Cotswolds
2	the Cotswolds
3	Cold , nervy and memorable .
4	Cold , nervy and memorable
2	Cold ,
3	nervy and memorable
3	nervy and
3	Becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the Papin sisters .
3	Becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the Papin sisters
4	a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the Papin sisters
4	a fascinating study of isolation and frustration
3	a fascinating study
4	fascinating study
1	of isolation and frustration
2	isolation and frustration
2	isolation and
3	that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the Papin sisters
3	successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the Papin sisters
3	recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the Papin sisters
2	both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the Papin sisters
2	both the physical setting and
2	both the physical setting
2	the physical setting
2	physical setting
2	emotional tensions of the Papin sisters
2	emotional tensions
2	of the Papin sisters
2	the Papin sisters
2	Papin sisters
2	Spend your Benjamins on a matinee .
2	Spend your Benjamins on a matinee
2	Spend your Benjamins
2	your Benjamins
2	on a matinee
2	a matinee
3	All in all , it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
2	All in all
2	in all
3	, it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
4	it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
3	's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
3	's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own
4	a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own
3	a pretty good execution
3	pretty good execution
3	pretty good
4	of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own
4	a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own
2	a story
3	that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own
3	's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own
3	's a lot richer than the ones
3	a lot richer than the ones
2	a lot
2	richer than the ones
2	than the ones
2	the ones
2	Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own
2	Hollywood action screenwriters
2	action screenwriters
2	usually come up with on their own
2	come up with on their own
2	come up
2	with on their own
2	on their own
2	their own
3	Worth seeing just for Weaver and LaPaglia .
3	Worth seeing just for Weaver and LaPaglia
2	seeing just for Weaver and LaPaglia
2	seeing just
2	for Weaver and LaPaglia
2	Weaver and LaPaglia
2	Weaver and
4	A pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .
3	A pleasant piece of escapist entertainment
3	A pleasant piece
3	pleasant piece
2	of escapist entertainment
2	escapist entertainment
3	Among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations .
3	Among the many pleasures
2	the many pleasures
3	many pleasures
3	are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations .
3	are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations
4	the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations
3	the lively intelligence of the artists and
3	the lively intelligence of the artists
3	the lively intelligence
3	lively intelligence
2	of the artists
2	the artists
3	their perceptiveness about their own situations
2	their perceptiveness
2	about their own situations
2	their own situations
2	own situations
3	It 's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .
3	's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .
2	's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought
4	's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free
4	consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free
3	consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and
3	consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way ,
3	consistently funny
3	, in an irresistible junior-high way ,
3	in an irresistible junior-high way ,
2	in an irresistible junior-high way
2	an irresistible junior-high way
2	irresistible junior-high way
2	junior-high way
2	consistently free
2	of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought
1	any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought
2	any gag
2	that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought
3	would force you to give it a millisecond of thought
2	force you to give it a millisecond of thought
3	you to give it a millisecond of thought
2	to give it a millisecond of thought
2	give it a millisecond of thought
2	give it
2	a millisecond of thought
2	a millisecond
2	of thought
3	It 's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming .
3	's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming .
3	's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming
4	the cute frissons of discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming
4	the cute frissons of discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman
2	the cute frissons
3	cute frissons
2	of discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman
3	discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman
3	discovery and humor
2	discovery and
3	between Chaplin and Kidman
2	Chaplin and Kidman
2	Chaplin and
4	that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming
4	keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming
3	this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming
3	nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming
2	wound clock not just ticking , but humming
2	wound clock
3	not just ticking , but humming
2	just ticking , but humming
2	just ticking , but
2	just ticking ,
2	just ticking
3	The storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of Gosford Park have come to assume is just another day of Brit cinema .
2	The storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of Gosford Park have come to assume is just another day of Brit cinema
2	The storytelling may be ordinary , but
2	The storytelling may be ordinary ,
2	The storytelling may be ordinary
2	The storytelling
2	may be ordinary
2	be ordinary
2	the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of Gosford Park have come to assume is just another day of Brit cinema
2	the cast
2	is one of those all-star reunions that fans of Gosford Park have come to assume is just another day of Brit cinema
3	is one of those all-star reunions
3	one of those all-star reunions
2	of those all-star reunions
2	those all-star reunions
3	all-star reunions
2	that fans of Gosford Park have come to assume is just another day of Brit cinema
1	fans of Gosford Park have come to assume is just another day of Brit cinema
2	fans of Gosford Park
2	of Gosford Park
2	Gosford Park
2	have come to assume is just another day of Brit cinema
2	come to assume is just another day of Brit cinema
2	to assume is just another day of Brit cinema
1	assume is just another day of Brit cinema
2	is just another day of Brit cinema
2	is just
1	another day of Brit cinema
2	another day
2	of Brit cinema
2	Brit cinema
2	There 's something about a marching band that gets me where I live .
3	's something about a marching band that gets me where I live .
2	's something about a marching band that gets me where I live
2	something about a marching band that gets me where I live
2	about a marching band that gets me where I live
3	a marching band that gets me where I live
2	a marching band
2	marching band
2	that gets me where I live
2	gets me where I live
2	gets me
2	where I live
2	I live
4	Cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .
1	Cuaron repeatedly
3	, perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .
4	perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .
3	undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .
3	undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective
2	undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it ,
3	undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it
1	undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates
3	the joie de vivre even as he creates
2	the joie de
2	joie de
2	vivre even as he creates
2	even as he creates
3	as he creates
3	he creates
3	giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective
2	giving the movie
2	the movie
3	a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective
1	a mournful undercurrent
2	mournful undercurrent
3	that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective
3	places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective
4	the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective
4	the good-time shenanigans
3	good-time shenanigans
4	in welcome perspective
3	welcome perspective
3	It 's definitely an improvement on the first Blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously .
2	's definitely an improvement on the first Blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously .
3	's definitely an improvement on the first Blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously
3	's definitely an improvement on the first Blade ,
3	's definitely an improvement on the first Blade
2	's definitely
3	an improvement on the first Blade
3	an improvement
2	on the first Blade
2	the first Blade
2	first Blade
3	since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously
3	it does n't take itself so deadly seriously
3	does n't take itself so deadly seriously
1	does n't
2	take itself so deadly seriously
2	itself so deadly seriously
2	so deadly seriously
2	so deadly
4	A slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .
4	A slam-bang extravaganza that
3	A slam-bang extravaganza
3	slam-bang extravaganza
4	is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .
3	is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time
3	all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time
4	about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time
4	a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time
3	wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time
4	, wall-to-wall good time
4	wall-to-wall good time
3	good time
1	What 's infuriating about Full Frontal is that it 's too close to real life to make sense .
1	What 's infuriating about Full Frontal
2	's infuriating about Full Frontal
1	infuriating about Full Frontal
3	about Full Frontal
2	Full Frontal
1	is that it 's too close to real life to make sense .
2	is that it 's too close to real life to make sense
1	that it 's too close to real life to make sense
1	it 's too close to real life to make sense
1	's too close to real life to make sense
2	's too close to real life
2	too close to real life
3	close to real life
2	to real life
2	real life
2	to make sense
2	make sense
3	What 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn .
3	What 's invigorating about
3	's invigorating about
3	invigorating about
1	it is that it does n't give a damn .
2	is that it does n't give a damn .
1	is that it does n't give a damn
1	that it does n't give a damn
1	it does n't give a damn
2	does n't give a damn
1	does n't
2	give a damn
2	a damn
2	Is Red Dragon worthy of a place alongside the other Hannibal movies ?
2	Is Red Dragon worthy of a place alongside the other Hannibal movies
2	Is Red Dragon
2	Red Dragon
4	worthy of a place alongside the other Hannibal movies
2	of a place alongside the other Hannibal movies
3	a place alongside the other Hannibal movies
2	a place
2	alongside the other Hannibal movies
2	the other Hannibal movies
2	other Hannibal movies
2	Hannibal movies
3	As Hannibal would say , yes , ` It 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
2	As Hannibal would say
2	Hannibal would say
2	would say
3	, yes , ` It 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
3	yes , ` It 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
3	, ` It 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
4	` It 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
2	` It
3	's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
3	's like having an old friend for dinner '
3	like having an old friend for dinner '
3	having an old friend for dinner '
3	having an old friend
2	an old friend
2	old friend
2	for dinner '
2	dinner '
4	Writer-director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .
2	Writer-director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo
2	Juan Carlos Fresnadillo
2	Carlos Fresnadillo
4	makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .
4	makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured
3	a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured
3	a feature debut
2	feature debut
3	that is fully formed and remarkably assured
4	is fully formed and remarkably assured
3	fully formed and remarkably assured
3	fully formed and
3	fully formed
3	remarkably assured
4	insightfully written , delicately performed
4	insightfully written
3	, delicately performed
3	delicately performed
0	Perhaps the grossest movie ever made .
0	Perhaps the grossest movie
1	the grossest movie
0	grossest movie
2	ever made .
2	made .
2	Funny , though .
2	, though .
2	though .
3	This 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than I 'd expected it to be .
2	This 90-minute postmodern voyage
3	90-minute postmodern voyage
2	postmodern voyage
3	was more diverting and thought-provoking than I 'd expected it to be .
4	was more diverting and thought-provoking than I 'd expected it to be
3	was more diverting and thought-provoking
3	more diverting and thought-provoking
2	more diverting and
2	more diverting
3	than I 'd expected it to be
2	I 'd expected it to be
2	'd expected it to be
1	expected it to be
2	it to be
2	to be
4	One of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .
3	One of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us
3	of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us
3	those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us
3	those exceedingly rare films
4	exceedingly rare films
3	exceedingly rare
2	in which the talk alone is enough to keep us
2	in which
3	the talk alone is enough to keep us
2	the talk
2	alone is enough to keep us
2	is enough to keep us
2	enough to keep us
2	to keep us
2	keep us
3	involved .
4	A heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .
4	A heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist
3	A heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic ,
3	A heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic
3	heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic
3	thoughtful minor classic
3	minor classic
4	the work of a genuine and singular artist
2	the work
3	of a genuine and singular artist
4	a genuine and singular artist
4	genuine and singular artist
2	and singular artist
2	singular artist
3	An affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ...
3	An affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary
3	An affectionately goofy satire
3	affectionately goofy satire
3	affectionately goofy
3	that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary
2	's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary
3	unafraid to throw elbows when necessary
2	to throw elbows when necessary
3	throw elbows when necessary
2	throw elbows
2	when necessary
4	Between them , De Niro and Murphy make Showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
2	Between them
4	, De Niro and Murphy make Showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
4	De Niro and Murphy make Showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
2	De Niro and Murphy
2	Niro and Murphy
2	Niro and
4	make Showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
4	make Showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season
3	Showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season
4	the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season
4	the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure
4	most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure
4	most savory and hilarious
3	savory and hilarious
3	savory and
2	guilty pleasure
2	of many a recent movie season
2	many a recent movie season
2	many a recent movie
2	a recent movie
2	recent movie
2	Jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting .
1	Jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting
1	Jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but
2	Jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can ,
3	Jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can
2	tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can
2	to keep the plates spinning as best he can
2	keep the plates spinning as best he can
2	the plates spinning as best he can
2	the plates
2	spinning as best he can
2	as best he can
2	best he can
2	he can
1	all the bouncing back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting
1	all the bouncing
2	the bouncing
2	back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting
1	back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious --
1	back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious
2	back and forth ca n't help but
2	back and forth ca n't help
2	back and forth
2	back and
2	ca n't help
2	ca n't
2	become a bit tedious
1	a bit tedious
2	a bit
2	even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting
3	with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting
2	the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting
3	the breathtaking landscapes and villainous
3	the breathtaking landscapes and
3	the breathtaking landscapes
4	breathtaking landscapes
2	varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting
2	there to distract you from the ricocheting
1	to distract you from the ricocheting
1	distract you from the ricocheting
1	distract you
2	from the ricocheting
2	the ricocheting
3	Filmmakers David Weissman and Bill Weber benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home .
4	Filmmakers David Weissman and Bill Weber benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home
3	Filmmakers David Weissman and Bill Weber benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but
3	Filmmakers David Weissman and Bill Weber benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances ,
2	Filmmakers David Weissman and Bill Weber benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances
3	Filmmakers David Weissman and Bill Weber
2	David Weissman and Bill Weber
2	Weissman and Bill Weber
2	and Bill Weber
2	Bill Weber
3	benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances
2	benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness -- not
3	benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness --
3	benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness
3	benefit enormously
2	from the Cockettes ' camera craziness
2	the Cockettes ' camera craziness
2	the Cockettes '
2	Cockettes '
2	camera craziness
2	only did they film performances
2	did they film performances
2	they film performances
2	film performances
2	they did the same at home
2	did the same at home
2	did the same
2	the same
2	at home
3	Interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story .
3	Interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story
3	both as a historical study and as a tragic love story
3	as a historical study and as a tragic love story
2	as a historical study and
2	as a historical study
2	a historical study
2	historical study
2	as a tragic love story
3	a tragic love story
2	tragic love story
2	love story
4	A stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .
4	A stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling
4	A stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece
3	stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece
4	stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying ,
4	stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying
3	stylish but steady , and
3	stylish but steady ,
3	stylish but steady
2	stylish but
4	ultimately very satisfying
4	very satisfying
3	of character-driven storytelling
3	character-driven storytelling
4	It picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .
4	picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .
3	picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film
2	picked me up , swung me around , and
3	picked me up , swung me around ,
3	picked me up , swung me around
2	picked me up ,
4	picked me up
2	picked me
3	swung me around
2	swung me
4	dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film
2	dropped me back in my seat
2	dropped me back
2	dropped me
2	in my seat
2	my seat
4	with more emotional force than any other recent film
4	more emotional force than any other recent film
3	more emotional force
3	emotional force
2	than any other recent film
2	any other recent film
2	other recent film
2	recent film
3	Graham Greene 's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by Michael Caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .
2	Graham Greene 's novel of colonialism and empire
3	Graham Greene 's novel
2	Graham Greene 's
2	Greene 's
2	of colonialism and empire
2	colonialism and empire
2	colonialism and
3	is elevated by Michael Caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .
3	is elevated by Michael Caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world
4	elevated by Michael Caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world
3	elevated by Michael Caine 's performance
2	by Michael Caine 's performance
2	Michael Caine 's performance
2	Michael Caine 's
2	Caine 's
2	as a weary journalist in a changing world
2	a weary journalist in a changing world
1	a weary journalist
2	weary journalist
2	in a changing world
3	a changing world
2	changing world
3	Though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess .
3	Though it 's equally solipsistic in tone
2	it 's equally solipsistic in tone
2	's equally solipsistic in tone
2	equally solipsistic in tone
2	solipsistic in tone
2	in tone
2	, the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess .
4	the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess .
2	the movie
2	has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess .
3	has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess
3	enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess
3	vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess
2	to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess
3	justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess
2	the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess
2	the notion
2	of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess
2	creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess
2	a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess
2	a screen adaptation
2	screen adaptation
2	of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess
2	Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess
2	Evans ' saga
2	Evans '
2	of Hollywood excess
1	Hollywood excess
3	Compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .
3	Compulsively watchable
1	, no matter how degraded things get .
2	no matter how degraded things get .
2	no matter how degraded things get
2	no matter how
2	no matter
2	degraded things get
1	degraded things
3	Delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .
3	roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .
3	equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .
3	equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information
3	amounts of beautiful movement and inside information
4	of beautiful movement and inside information
4	beautiful movement and inside information
2	movement and inside information
2	and inside information
3	inside information
3	Bon appétit !
2	appétit !
4	Just like a splendid meal , Red Dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
4	Just like a splendid meal
4	like a splendid meal
4	a splendid meal
3	splendid meal
4	, Red Dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
4	Red Dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
2	Red Dragon
4	satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
3	satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation
4	satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified
3	-- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified
3	from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified
3	from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients ,
3	from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients
3	its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients
3	ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients
4	ripe recipe , inspiring
4	recipe , inspiring
2	recipe ,
3	cuisine and palatable presentation
2	and palatable presentation
3	palatable presentation
3	The structure is simple , but in its own way , Rabbit-Proof Fence is a quest story as grand as The Lord of the Rings .
3	The structure is simple , but in its own way , Rabbit-Proof Fence is a quest story as grand as The Lord of the Rings
3	The structure is simple , but
2	The structure is simple ,
2	The structure is simple
2	The structure
2	is simple
4	in its own way , Rabbit-Proof Fence is a quest story as grand as The Lord of the Rings
3	in its own way
2	its own way
2	own way
3	, Rabbit-Proof Fence is a quest story as grand as The Lord of the Rings
4	Rabbit-Proof Fence is a quest story as grand as The Lord of the Rings
2	Rabbit-Proof Fence
2	is a quest story as grand as The Lord of the Rings
4	a quest story as grand as The Lord of the Rings
2	a quest story
2	quest story
3	as grand as The Lord of the Rings
3	grand as The Lord of the Rings
2	as The Lord of the Rings
3	The Lord of the Rings
2	The Lord
2	of the Rings
2	the Rings
4	This charming , thought-provoking New York fest of life and love has its rewards .
3	This charming , thought-provoking New York fest of life and love
4	This charming , thought-provoking New York fest
3	charming , thought-provoking New York fest
3	, thought-provoking New York fest
3	thought-provoking New York fest
2	New York fest
2	York fest
2	of life and love
3	life and love
2	life and
3	has its rewards .
4	has its rewards
2	its rewards
3	Some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options .
3	Some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options
2	Some people march to the beat of a different drum , and
2	Some people march to the beat of a different drum ,
3	Some people march to the beat of a different drum
2	Some people
2	march to the beat of a different drum
2	to the beat of a different drum
3	the beat of a different drum
2	the beat
2	of a different drum
2	a different drum
2	different drum
2	if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options
2	if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in
2	you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in
2	ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in
2	wondered what kind of houses those people live in
2	what kind of houses those people live in
2	what kind of houses
2	what kind
2	of houses
2	those people live in
2	those people
2	live in
2	, this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options
2	this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options
2	this documentary
1	takes a look at 5 alternative housing options
2	a look at 5 alternative housing options
2	a look
2	at 5 alternative housing options
2	5 alternative housing options
3	alternative housing options
2	housing options
3	Playfully profound ... and crazier than Michael Jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows .
3	Playfully profound ... and crazier than Michael Jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery
3	Playfully profound ... and crazier than Michael Jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper
3	Playfully profound ... and
4	Playfully profound ...
3	Playfully profound
2	crazier than Michael Jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper
2	than Michael Jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper
2	Michael Jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper
2	Michael Jackson
2	on the top floor of a skyscraper
2	the top floor of a skyscraper
2	the top floor
2	top floor
2	of a skyscraper
3	a skyscraper
2	surrounded by open windows .
3	surrounded by open windows
2	by open windows
3	open windows
3	A film that will enthrall the whole family .
4	film that will enthrall the whole family .
4	film that will enthrall the whole family
4	that will enthrall the whole family
4	will enthrall the whole family
4	enthrall the whole family
2	the whole family
3	whole family
3	The charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .
3	The charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids
3	The charm of the first movie is still there , and
3	The charm of the first movie is still there ,
4	The charm of the first movie is still there
4	The charm of the first movie
2	The charm
2	of the first movie
3	the first movie
2	first movie
2	is still there
2	is still
3	the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids
2	the story
3	feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids
3	like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids
2	the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids
2	the logical , unforced continuation
3	logical , unforced continuation
2	, unforced continuation
3	unforced continuation
2	of the careers of a pair of spy kids
2	the careers of a pair of spy kids
2	the careers
2	of a pair of spy kids
2	a pair of spy kids
2	a pair
2	of spy kids
2	spy kids
3	K 19 stays afloat as decent drama\/action flick
3	19 stays afloat as decent drama\/action flick
2	19 stays afloat
2	19 stays
3	as decent drama\/action flick
3	decent drama\/action flick
2	drama\/action flick
4	It sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .
3	sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .
4	sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that
2	sends you
3	away a believer again and quite cheered at just that
2	away a believer
2	a believer
3	again and quite cheered at just that
2	again and quite
2	again and
3	cheered at just that
2	at just that
2	just that
4	Like the best 60 Minutes exposé , the film -LRB- at 80 minutes -RRB- is actually quite entertaining .
4	Like the best 60 Minutes
4	the best 60 Minutes
3	best 60 Minutes
2	60 Minutes
3	exposé , the film -LRB- at 80 minutes -RRB- is actually quite entertaining .
3	, the film -LRB- at 80 minutes -RRB- is actually quite entertaining .
3	the film -LRB- at 80 minutes -RRB- is actually quite entertaining .
2	the film -LRB- at 80 minutes -RRB-
2	the film
2	-LRB- at 80 minutes -RRB-
2	at 80 minutes -RRB-
2	at 80 minutes
2	80 minutes
3	is actually quite entertaining .
4	is actually quite entertaining
3	is actually
3	quite entertaining
2	an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle , seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times , then found its sweet spot
2	an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle , seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times ,
2	an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle , seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times
1	an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle ,
1	an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle
2	an 83 minute document of a project
2	an 83 minute document
2	83 minute document
3	83 minute
2	of a project
2	a project
2	which started in a muddle
2	started in a muddle
2	in a muddle
1	a muddle
2	seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times
2	seesawed back and forth between controlling interests
2	seesawed back and forth
2	back and forth
2	back and
2	between controlling interests
2	controlling interests
2	multiple times
3	then found its sweet spot
3	found its sweet spot
3	its sweet spot
3	sweet spot
4	An emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .
3	An emotionally and spiritually compelling journey
3	emotionally and spiritually compelling journey
4	emotionally and spiritually compelling
2	emotionally and spiritually
2	emotionally and
3	seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .
4	seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do
2	seen through the right eyes ,
3	seen through the right eyes
2	through the right eyes
2	the right eyes
2	right eyes
4	with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do
2	with the right actors and
2	with the right actors
2	the right actors
3	right actors
3	with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do
4	the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do
2	the kind of visual flair
2	the kind
3	of visual flair
3	visual flair
4	that shows what great cinema can really do
4	shows what great cinema can really do
4	what great cinema can really do
3	great cinema can really do
4	great cinema
2	can really do
2	can really
2	Nair does n't use -LRB- Monsoon Wedding -RRB- to lament the loss of culture .
1	does n't use -LRB- Monsoon Wedding -RRB- to lament the loss of culture .
2	does n't use -LRB- Monsoon Wedding -RRB- to lament the loss of culture
1	does n't
2	use -LRB- Monsoon Wedding -RRB- to lament the loss of culture
2	-LRB- Monsoon Wedding -RRB- to lament the loss of culture
1	Monsoon Wedding -RRB- to lament the loss of culture
3	Monsoon Wedding
2	-RRB- to lament the loss of culture
1	to lament the loss of culture
1	lament the loss of culture
2	the loss of culture
2	the loss
2	of culture
3	Instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .
3	, she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .
3	she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .
3	sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .
3	sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
2	sees it
3	as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
3	a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
3	chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
3	to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
3	revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
3	what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
3	is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
2	is and
3	always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
3	has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
3	been remarkable about clung-to traditions
4	been remarkable
2	about clung-to traditions
2	clung-to traditions
3	Both Grant and Hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .
2	Both Grant and Hoult
2	Grant and Hoult
2	Grant and
3	carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .
4	carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others
3	carry the movie
2	the movie
2	because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others
3	they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others
2	are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others
2	are believable as people --
3	are believable as people
2	believable as people
2	as people
2	flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others
1	, assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others
2	assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others
3	assured of the wrong things
2	of the wrong things
1	the wrong things
1	wrong things
2	, and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others
3	, and
2	scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others
2	to admit how much they may really need the company of others
2	admit how much they may really need the company of others
2	how much they may really need the company of others
2	how much
2	they may really need the company of others
1	may really need the company of others
2	may really
2	need the company of others
2	the company of others
2	the company
2	of others
2	Leading a double life in an American film only comes to no good , but not here .
3	Leading a double life in an American film only comes to no good , but not here
2	Leading a double life in an American film only comes to no good , but
2	Leading a double life in an American film only comes to no good ,
1	Leading a double life in an American film only comes to no good
2	Leading a double life in an American film
2	Leading a double life
2	a double life
2	double life
2	in an American film
2	an American film
2	American film
1	only comes to no good
1	comes to no good
1	to no good
1	no good
2	not here
3	Matters play out realistically if not always fairly .
3	play out realistically if not always fairly .
3	play out realistically if not always fairly
2	play out
2	realistically if not always fairly
2	if not always fairly
2	not always fairly
3	always fairly
3	In the affable Maid in Manhattan , Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly A-list players .
3	In the affable Maid in Manhattan , Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm
3	the affable Maid in Manhattan , Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm
3	the affable Maid in Manhattan , Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt
3	the affable Maid
2	affable Maid
3	in Manhattan , Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt
3	Manhattan , Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt
2	Manhattan ,
3	Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt
2	Jennifer Lopez 's
2	Lopez 's
3	most aggressive and most sincere attempt
4	most aggressive and most sincere
2	most aggressive and
2	most aggressive
3	most sincere
2	to take movies by storm
4	take movies by storm
2	take movies
3	by storm
3	, the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly A-list players .
2	the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly A-list players .
2	the diva shrewdly
2	diva shrewdly
2	surrounds herself with a company of strictly A-list players .
3	surrounds herself with a company of strictly A-list players
2	surrounds herself
3	with a company of strictly A-list players
3	a company of strictly A-list players
2	a company
3	of strictly A-list players
3	strictly A-list players
3	A-list players
2	Like Mike is a harmlessly naïve slice of b-ball fantasy , fit for filling in during the real NBA 's off-season .
2	Like Mike
3	is a harmlessly naïve slice of b-ball fantasy , fit for filling in during the real NBA 's off-season .
3	is a harmlessly naïve slice of b-ball fantasy , fit for filling in during the real NBA 's off-season
2	a harmlessly naïve slice of b-ball fantasy , fit for filling in during the real NBA 's off-season
2	a harmlessly naïve slice of b-ball fantasy ,
2	a harmlessly naïve slice of b-ball fantasy
2	a harmlessly naïve slice
2	harmlessly naïve slice
2	harmlessly naïve
2	of b-ball fantasy
2	b-ball fantasy
2	fit for filling in during the real NBA 's off-season
2	for filling in during the real NBA 's off-season
2	filling in during the real NBA 's off-season
2	filling in
2	during the real NBA 's off-season
2	the real NBA 's off-season
2	the real NBA 's
2	real NBA 's
2	NBA 's
3	Though writer\/director Bart Freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance .
2	Though writer\/director Bart Freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship
2	writer\/director Bart Freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship
2	writer\/director Bart Freundlich 's film
2	writer\/director Bart Freundlich 's
2	Bart Freundlich 's
2	Freundlich 's
2	ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship
1	becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship
2	a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship
2	a simplistic story
1	simplistic story
2	about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship
1	a dysfunctional parent-child relationship
1	dysfunctional parent-child relationship
2	parent-child relationship
3	, it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance .
3	it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance .
3	has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance .
3	has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance
3	some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance
3	some special qualities and
3	some special qualities
3	special qualities
3	the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance
3	the soulful gravity
4	soulful gravity
4	of Crudup 's anchoring performance
3	Crudup 's anchoring performance
2	Crudup 's
3	anchoring performance
3	What the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .
1	What the movie lacks in action
1	the movie lacks in action
2	the movie
1	lacks in action
3	in action
4	it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .
3	more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .
3	more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance
2	more than
3	makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance
2	makes up
3	for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance
2	in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance
3	drama , suspense , revenge , and romance
1	drama ,
2	suspense , revenge , and romance
2	, revenge , and romance
3	revenge , and romance
2	, and romance
3	, and
3	Just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .
1	Just offbeat
3	enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .
3	enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over
2	to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over
3	keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over
2	you interested without coming close to bowling you over
2	interested without coming close to bowling you over
2	without coming close to bowling you over
3	coming close to bowling you over
2	close to bowling you over
3	to bowling you over
3	bowling you over
2	bowling you
3	Probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .
4	Probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent
3	Probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals
3	Probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems
3	in a light-hearted way the romantic problems
4	a light-hearted way the romantic problems
3	a light-hearted way
3	light-hearted way
2	the romantic problems
2	romantic problems
2	of individuals
2	for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent
2	whom the yearning for passion spells discontent
2	the yearning for passion spells discontent
2	the yearning for passion
2	the yearning
2	for passion
2	spells discontent
4	What elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .
3	What elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender
3	elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender
2	the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender
2	the movie
3	above the run-of-the-mill singles blender
1	the run-of-the-mill singles blender
1	run-of-the-mill singles blender
2	singles blender
3	is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .
3	is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish
3	its surreal sense of humor and technological finish
2	its surreal sense
2	surreal sense
2	of humor and technological finish
3	humor and technological finish
2	and technological finish
2	technological finish
4	A film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours .
4	A film about female friendship that men can embrace and women
2	A film
3	about female friendship that men can embrace and women
2	female friendship that men can embrace and women
3	female friendship that men can embrace and
3	female friendship that men can embrace
2	female friendship
2	that men can embrace
2	men can embrace
2	can embrace
3	will talk about for hours .
3	will talk about for hours
3	talk about for hours
2	talk about
2	for hours
0	The directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep .
2	The directing and story
2	directing and story
2	directing and
1	are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep .
2	are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep
1	disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep
1	disjointed ,
2	flaws that have to be laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep
2	that have to be laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep
2	have to be laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep
2	to be laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep
2	be laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep
2	laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep
2	laid squarely
2	on Taylor 's doorstep
2	Taylor 's doorstep
2	Taylor 's
3	But the actors make this worth a peek .
3	the actors make this worth a peek .
2	the actors
3	make this worth a peek .
4	make this worth a peek
2	make this
3	worth a peek
2	a peek
4	Light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in Birthday Girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat .
3	Light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in Birthday Girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat
1	Light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in Birthday Girl --
2	Light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in Birthday Girl
3	Light the candles , bring out the cake and
3	Light the candles , bring out the cake
2	Light the candles ,
2	Light the candles
2	the candles
3	bring out the cake
2	bring out
2	the cake
1	do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in Birthday Girl
2	do n't
2	fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in Birthday Girl
2	fret about the calories
2	about the calories
2	the calories
1	because there 's precious little substance in Birthday Girl
2	there 's precious little substance in Birthday Girl
2	's precious little substance in Birthday Girl
1	precious little substance in Birthday Girl
1	precious little substance
1	little substance
2	in Birthday Girl
2	Birthday Girl
2	it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat
4	's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat
2	's simply , and surprisingly ,
3	simply , and surprisingly ,
2	, and surprisingly ,
2	, and surprisingly
3	, and
3	a nice , light treat
3	nice , light treat
3	, light treat
3	light treat
2	It may be about drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks , but the tone and pacing are shockingly intimate .
3	It may be about drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks , but the tone and pacing are shockingly intimate
2	It may be about drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks , but
2	It may be about drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks ,
2	It may be about drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks
2	may be about drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks
2	be about drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks
2	about drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks
1	drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks
2	drug dealers , kidnapping , and
2	drug dealers , kidnapping ,
2	drug dealers , kidnapping
1	drug dealers ,
1	drug dealers
2	unsavory folks
3	the tone and pacing are shockingly intimate
2	the tone and pacing
2	tone and pacing
2	tone and
3	are shockingly intimate
3	shockingly intimate
2	Massoud 's story is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner -LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB- of history .
2	Massoud 's story
2	Massoud 's
3	is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner -LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB- of history .
3	is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner -LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB- of history
3	an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner -LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB- of history
3	an epic , but also
2	an epic ,
3	an epic
2	but also
2	a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner -LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB- of history
2	a tragedy ,
1	a tragedy
3	the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner -LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB- of history
2	the record
2	of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner -LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB- of history
3	a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner -LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB- of history
3	a tenacious , humane fighter
2	tenacious , humane fighter
2	, humane fighter
3	humane fighter
2	who was also the prisoner -LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB- of history
2	was also the prisoner -LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB- of history
2	was also
2	the prisoner -LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB- of history
2	the prisoner -LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB-
2	the prisoner
2	-LRB- and ultimately the victim -RRB-
1	and ultimately the victim -RRB-
2	ultimately the victim -RRB-
1	the victim -RRB-
2	the victim
2	of history
3	If villainous vampires are your cup of blood , Blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .
2	If villainous vampires are your cup of blood
2	villainous vampires are your cup of blood
2	villainous vampires
3	are your cup of blood
2	your cup of blood
2	your cup
2	of blood
4	, Blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .
4	Blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .
3	Blade 2
3	is definitely a cut above the rest .
4	is definitely a cut above the rest
2	is definitely
4	a cut above the rest
2	a cut
3	above the rest
2	the rest
3	Drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .
3	ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .
3	captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .
3	captures the complicated relationships in a marching band
2	the complicated relationships in a marching band
2	the complicated relationships
2	complicated relationships
2	in a marching band
2	a marching band
2	marching band
4	Because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before .
3	Because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before
4	Because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ;
3	Because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact
1	Because the film deliberately lacks irony
2	the film deliberately lacks irony
2	the film
2	deliberately lacks irony
2	lacks irony
3	, it has a genuine dramatic impact
3	it has a genuine dramatic impact
3	has a genuine dramatic impact
3	a genuine dramatic impact
4	genuine dramatic impact
3	dramatic impact
4	it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before
4	plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before
3	like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before
4	a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before
3	a powerful 1957 drama
3	powerful 1957 drama
2	powerful 1957
2	we 've somehow never seen before
2	've somehow never seen before
2	've somehow
2	never seen before
2	seen before
3	Does point the way for adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .
4	point the way for adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .
3	point the way for adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets
3	point the way for adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover
3	the way for adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover
2	the way
3	for adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover
3	adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover
3	adventurous Indian filmmakers
2	Indian filmmakers
2	toward a crossover
2	a crossover
2	into nonethnic markets
2	nonethnic markets
4	Seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as Happiness was ... Hence , Storytelling is far more appealing .
2	Seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as Happiness was ... Hence , Storytelling is far more appealing
1	Seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as Happiness was ...
1	Seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as Happiness was
2	based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as Happiness was
1	based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior ,
0	based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior
1	on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior
1	ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior
1	ugly ideas
2	instead of ugly behavior
2	of ugly behavior
0	ugly behavior
2	as Happiness was
2	Happiness was
3	Hence , Storytelling is far more appealing
3	, Storytelling is far more appealing
4	Storytelling is far more appealing
4	is far more appealing
3	far more appealing
3	more appealing
2	`` Sum '' is Jack Ryan 's `` do-over . ''
2	Sum '' is Jack Ryan 's `` do-over . ''
2	'' is Jack Ryan 's `` do-over . ''
2	is Jack Ryan 's `` do-over . ''
2	is Jack Ryan 's `` do-over .
2	is Jack Ryan 's `` do-over
2	Jack Ryan 's `` do-over
2	Jack Ryan 's
2	Ryan 's
2	`` do-over
4	Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .
4	Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works
3	Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip
3	Give credit to everyone from Robinson
2	Give credit
2	to everyone from Robinson
2	everyone from Robinson
2	from Robinson
2	down to the key grip
2	to the key grip
2	the key grip
2	key grip
3	that this bold move works
3	this bold move works
2	this bold move
2	bold move
4	Especially give credit to Affleck .
3	give credit to Affleck .
3	give credit to Affleck
2	give credit
2	to Affleck
4	An intelligently made -LRB- and beautifully edited -RRB- picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch .
4	An intelligently made -LRB- and beautifully edited -RRB-
3	An intelligently made
2	An intelligently
4	-LRB- and beautifully edited -RRB-
4	-LRB- and beautifully edited
2	-LRB- and
4	beautifully edited
3	picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch .
3	picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch
3	that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch
2	that at the very least
1	at the very least
2	the very least
1	very least
3	has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch
3	a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch
2	a spark of life to it --
2	a spark of life to it
2	a spark
2	of life to it
2	life to it
2	to it
3	more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch
2	than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch
2	you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch
2	can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch
3	say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch
3	say for plenty of movies
2	for plenty of movies
2	plenty of movies
2	of movies
3	that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch
3	flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch
2	flow through the Hollywood pipeline
2	through the Hollywood pipeline
2	the Hollywood pipeline
1	Hollywood pipeline
2	without a hitch
2	a hitch
3	A terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .
4	A terrific date movie
3	terrific date movie
2	date movie
3	, whatever your orientation .
2	whatever your orientation .
2	whatever your orientation
2	your orientation
3	Not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching .
3	Not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching
0	Not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but
1	Not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered ,
2	Not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered
1	Not all of the stories work and the ones that do
2	Not all
2	of the stories work and the ones that do
2	the stories work and the ones that do
3	the stories work and
2	the stories work
3	stories work
2	the ones that do
2	the ones
2	that do
2	are thin and scattered
2	thin and scattered
2	thin and
3	the film works well enough to make it worth watching
2	the film
3	works well enough to make it worth watching
3	works well enough
3	well enough
3	to make it worth watching
3	make it worth watching
3	it worth watching
3	worth watching
2	What it lacks in originality it makes up for in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread .
1	What it lacks in originality
0	it lacks in originality
0	lacks in originality
2	in originality
1	it makes up for in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread .
2	makes up for in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread .
2	makes up for in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread
2	makes up
1	for in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread
3	in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread
2	effective if cheap moments of fright and dread
2	effective if cheap moments
1	if cheap moments
1	if cheap
1	of fright and dread
1	fright and dread
2	fright and
3	The pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and directed by Spike Jonze .
2	The pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process
2	The pain , loneliness and insecurity
2	pain , loneliness and insecurity
2	, loneliness and insecurity
1	loneliness and insecurity
2	loneliness and
2	of the screenwriting process
2	the screenwriting process
2	screenwriting process
4	are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and directed by Spike Jonze .
4	are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and directed by Spike Jonze
2	are vividly and painfully
2	vividly and painfully
3	vividly and
2	brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and directed by Spike Jonze
3	to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and directed by Spike Jonze
4	slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and directed by Spike Jonze
1	slovenly life
2	in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and directed by Spike Jonze
2	this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and directed by Spike Jonze
3	this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature
1	self-deprecating , biting and witty feature
3	, biting and witty feature
3	biting and witty feature
3	and witty feature
3	witty feature
2	written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and directed by Spike Jonze
2	written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and
2	written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald ,
2	by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald ,
2	Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald ,
2	Charlie Kaufman and
2	Charlie Kaufman
2	his twin brother , Donald ,
2	his twin brother , Donald
2	his twin brother ,
2	his twin brother
2	twin brother
2	directed by Spike Jonze
2	by Spike Jonze
2	Spike Jonze
4	A gem of a movie .
4	A gem of a movie
3	A gem
2	of a movie
2	a movie
3	Witty , vibrant , and intelligent .
4	Witty , vibrant , and intelligent
3	Witty ,
4	vibrant , and intelligent
3	, and intelligent
3	, and
4	It 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .
4	's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .
4	's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage
2	's all
2	stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage
2	stitched together
4	with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage
3	energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage
4	energy , intelligence and verve ,
4	energy , intelligence and verve
3	, intelligence and verve
3	intelligence and verve
3	intelligence and
3	enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage
2	by a surplus of vintage archive footage
2	a surplus of vintage archive footage
2	a surplus
2	of vintage archive footage
2	vintage archive footage
2	archive footage
4	Miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .
3	comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .
4	comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary
2	comes at film
2	at film
4	with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary
4	bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary
3	intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary
3	intelligence and
3	a vision both painterly and literary
3	a vision
2	both painterly and literary
2	painterly and literary
2	painterly and
4	The film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .
2	The film
4	is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .
4	is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller
3	is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ...
3	is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once
3	is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming
3	moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming
3	, oozing , chilling and heart-warming
3	oozing , chilling and heart-warming
3	, chilling and heart-warming
3	chilling and heart-warming
2	chilling and
2	all at once
2	at once
4	a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller
2	a twisting , unpredictable ,
2	a twisting , unpredictable
2	a twisting ,
2	a twisting
2	cat-and-mouse thriller
3	Eight Legged Freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .
2	Eight Legged Freaks
1	Legged Freaks
3	is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .
3	is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
4	is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and
3	is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects ,
3	is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects
4	is clever and funny ,
4	is clever and funny
3	clever and funny
3	clever and
3	is amused by its special effects
3	amused by its special effects
2	by its special effects
2	its special effects
2	special effects
2	leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
3	you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
3	feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
3	like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
3	you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
3	've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
2	seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
1	a movie instead of an endless trailer
2	a movie
2	instead of an endless trailer
2	of an endless trailer
1	an endless trailer
1	endless trailer
3	This is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative .
3	is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative .
3	is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative
2	is historical
3	filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative
2	filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology
2	without the balm of right-thinking ideology
2	the balm of right-thinking ideology
2	the balm
2	of right-thinking ideology
2	right-thinking ideology
2	, either liberal or conservative
2	, either
2	liberal or conservative
2	liberal or
3	Mr. Scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .
3	Mr. Scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision
4	Mr. Scorsese 's bravery and integrity
3	Mr. Scorsese 's
2	Scorsese 's
3	bravery and integrity
2	bravery and
2	in advancing this vision
3	advancing this vision
2	this vision
2	can hardly be underestimated .
2	can hardly be underestimated
2	can hardly
1	be underestimated
3	A thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you can not separate them .
4	A thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story
3	A thriller
3	whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story
3	style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story
3	style , structure and rhythms
3	, structure and rhythms
2	structure and rhythms
3	structure and
2	are so integrated with the story
3	so integrated with the story
2	integrated with the story
2	with the story
2	the story
2	, you can not separate them .
2	you can not separate them .
2	can not separate them .
2	can not separate them
2	can not
2	separate them
4	It 's a hoot watching The Rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !
3	's a hoot watching The Rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !
3	's a hoot watching The Rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire
3	a hoot watching The Rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire
3	a hoot
2	watching The Rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire
2	The Rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire
2	The Rock
2	chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire
1	chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and
2	chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back ,
1	chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back
2	chomp on jumbo ants ,
2	chomp on jumbo ants
2	on jumbo ants
2	jumbo ants
2	pull an arrow out of his back
2	pull an arrow out
2	pull an arrow
2	an arrow
2	of his back
2	his back
2	leap unscathed through raging fire
2	unscathed through raging fire
2	through raging fire
2	raging fire
4	Returning director Rob Minkoff ... and screenwriter Bruce Joel Rubin ... have done a fine job of updating White 's dry wit to a new age .
2	Returning director Rob Minkoff ... and screenwriter Bruce Joel Rubin ...
3	Returning director Rob Minkoff ... and screenwriter Bruce Joel Rubin
2	Returning director Rob Minkoff ... and
2	Returning director Rob Minkoff ...
2	Returning director Rob Minkoff
2	director Rob Minkoff
2	Rob Minkoff
2	screenwriter Bruce Joel Rubin
2	Bruce Joel Rubin
2	Joel Rubin
4	have done a fine job of updating White 's dry wit to a new age .
3	have done a fine job of updating White 's dry wit to a new age
4	done a fine job of updating White 's dry wit to a new age
4	a fine job of updating White 's dry wit to a new age
3	a fine job
3	fine job
3	of updating White 's dry wit to a new age
3	updating White 's dry wit to a new age
2	updating White 's dry wit
3	White 's dry wit
2	White 's
2	dry wit
2	to a new age
2	a new age
3	new age
4	Unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck .
1	Unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck
3	Unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy
3	with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy
3	such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy
2	such a wallop
2	a wallop
3	of you-are-there immediacy
3	you-are-there immediacy
2	that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck
3	when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck
2	when the bullets start to fly
2	the bullets start to fly
2	the bullets
2	start to fly
2	to fly
2	, your first instinct is to duck
1	your first instinct is to duck
3	your first instinct
2	first instinct
2	is to duck
2	to duck
4	A strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .
3	A strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design
3	A strong script , powerful direction and
4	A strong script , powerful direction
3	A strong script ,
3	A strong script
3	strong script
4	powerful direction
4	splendid production design
2	production design
3	allows us to be transported into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .
3	allows us to be transported into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
2	us to be transported into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
3	to be transported into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
3	be transported into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
3	transported into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
3	into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
3	the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
2	the life
3	of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
2	Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
2	Wladyslaw Szpilman ,
2	Wladyslaw Szpilman
3	who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
4	is not only a pianist , but a good human being
4	not only a pianist , but a good human being
2	not only
3	a pianist , but a good human being
2	a pianist , but
2	a pianist ,
2	a pianist
4	a good human being
3	a good human
3	good human
2	An unflinching look at the world 's dispossessed .
2	An unflinching
1	look at the world 's dispossessed .
2	look at the world 's dispossessed
2	at the world 's dispossessed
2	the world 's dispossessed
2	the world 's
2	world 's
3	If the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .
1	If the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals
0	the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals
2	the film
0	fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals
3	to fulfill its own ambitious goals
3	fulfill its own ambitious goals
2	its own ambitious goals
3	own ambitious goals
2	ambitious goals
2	, it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .
3	it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .
2	nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .
3	sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .
3	sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material
3	sustains interest
1	during the long build-up of expository material
2	the long build-up of expository material
2	the long build-up
2	long build-up
3	of expository material
2	expository material
4	Polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own World War II experience in his signature style .
4	has found the perfect material with which to address his own World War II experience in his signature style .
3	has found the perfect material with which to address his own World War II experience in his signature style
3	found the perfect material with which to address his own World War II experience in his signature style
3	found the perfect material
4	the perfect material
3	perfect material
2	with which to address his own World War II experience in his signature style
2	which to address his own World War II experience in his signature style
3	to address his own World War II experience in his signature style
4	address his own World War II experience in his signature style
2	address his own World War II experience
2	his own World War II experience
2	own World War II experience
2	World War II experience
2	War II experience
1	II experience
2	in his signature style
2	his signature style
3	signature style
3	It is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .
3	is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .
4	is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad
3	life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad
4	life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor ,
3	life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor
3	life affirming and heartbreaking ,
3	life affirming and heartbreaking
3	affirming and heartbreaking
3	affirming and
4	sweet without the decay factor
3	sweet without the decay
2	without the decay
2	the decay
3	funny and sad
3	funny and
3	An off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world .
3	An off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that
3	An off-beat and fanciful film
3	off-beat and fanciful film
3	off-beat and fanciful
2	off-beat and
3	about the human need for monsters to blame for all that
2	the human need for monsters to blame for all that
2	the human need
2	human need
2	for monsters to blame for all that
2	monsters to blame for all that
2	to blame for all that
2	blame for all that
2	for all that
2	all that
1	is amiss in the world .
2	is amiss in the world
2	amiss in the world
2	in the world
2	the world
4	A colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters .
4	A colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters
4	A colorful , joyous celebration of life ;
4	A colorful , joyous celebration of life
3	A colorful , joyous celebration
4	colorful , joyous celebration
3	, joyous celebration
4	joyous celebration
2	of life
3	a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters
2	a tapestry
3	woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters
4	of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters
4	romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters
3	, dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters
3	dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters
3	, singing , and unforgettable characters
3	singing , and unforgettable characters
3	, and unforgettable characters
4	and unforgettable characters
3	unforgettable characters
3	Frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .
4	assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .
4	assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him
3	assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and
4	assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic ,
3	assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
4	a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
3	a fascinating profile
3	fascinating profile
3	of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
3	a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
3	a deeply humanistic artist
3	deeply humanistic artist
3	deeply humanistic
3	who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
3	, in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
3	in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
2	in spite of all that he 's witnessed
2	spite of all that he 's witnessed
2	of all that he 's witnessed
2	all that he 's witnessed
2	that he 's witnessed
2	he 's witnessed
2	's witnessed
3	, remains surprisingly idealistic
3	remains surprisingly idealistic
3	surprisingly idealistic
4	retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him
3	retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images
3	an extraordinary faith in the ability of images
3	an extraordinary faith
3	extraordinary faith
2	in the ability of images
2	the ability of images
2	the ability
2	of images
2	to communicate the truth of the world around him
3	communicate the truth of the world around him
3	communicate the truth of the world
2	the truth of the world
2	the truth
2	of the world
2	the world
2	around him
3	Nicely combines the enigmatic features of ` Memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` Requiem for a Dream . '
2	combines the enigmatic features of ` Memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` Requiem for a Dream . '
4	combines the enigmatic features of ` Memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` Requiem for a Dream .
3	combines the enigmatic features of ` Memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` Requiem for a Dream
3	combines the enigmatic features of ` Memento '
2	the enigmatic features of ` Memento '
2	the enigmatic features
3	enigmatic features
2	of ` Memento '
2	` Memento '
2	Memento '
2	with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` Requiem for a Dream
2	the hallucinatory drug culture of ` Requiem for a Dream
1	the hallucinatory drug culture
2	hallucinatory drug culture
3	drug culture
2	of ` Requiem for a Dream
2	of `
2	Requiem for a Dream
2	for a Dream
2	a Dream
4	A well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .
3	A well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release
3	A well paced and satisfying little drama
3	well paced and satisfying little drama
4	well paced and satisfying
3	paced and satisfying
2	paced and
2	little drama
4	that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release
2	deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release
2	deserved better
1	than a ` direct-to-video ' release
1	a ` direct-to-video ' release
1	` direct-to-video ' release
1	direct-to-video ' release
2	' release
3	The best part about `` Gangs '' was Daniel Day-Lewis .
2	The best part about `` Gangs ''
2	The best part
3	best part
2	about `` Gangs ''
2	`` Gangs ''
2	Gangs ''
3	was Daniel Day-Lewis .
2	was Daniel Day-Lewis
2	Daniel Day-Lewis
3	A treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody .
3	treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody .
3	treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody
3	treat for its depiction
2	for its depiction
2	its depiction
2	on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody
2	not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody
2	giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody
1	giving up
2	on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody
2	dreams when you 're a struggling nobody
1	when you 're a struggling nobody
1	you 're a struggling nobody
2	're a struggling nobody
1	a struggling nobody
1	struggling nobody
4	One of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .
2	One of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow
2	of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow
2	those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow
2	those rare films
2	rare films
1	that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow
1	seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow
2	as though it was written for no one , but somehow
3	though it was written for no one , but somehow
2	though it was written for no one
1	it was written for no one
1	was written for no one
3	written for no one
1	for no one
2	no one
2	, but somehow
2	, but
3	manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .
3	manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them
3	to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them
3	convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them
2	convince almost everyone
2	almost everyone
2	that it was put on the screen , just for them
2	it was put on the screen , just for them
2	was put on the screen , just for them
2	put on the screen , just for them
2	on the screen , just for them
2	on the screen
2	the screen
3	, just for them
2	just for them
2	for them
3	A gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn Jerusalem .
4	A gripping documentary that
4	A gripping documentary
4	gripping documentary
2	reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn Jerusalem .
2	reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn Jerusalem
2	how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn Jerusalem
2	how deep
2	the antagonism lies in war-torn Jerusalem
2	the antagonism
2	lies in war-torn Jerusalem
2	in war-torn Jerusalem
2	war-torn Jerusalem
3	Director Chris Wedge and screenwriters Michael Berg , Michael J. Wilson and Peter Ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage Looney Tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .
2	Director Chris Wedge and screenwriters Michael Berg , Michael J. Wilson and Peter Ackerman
2	Director Chris Wedge and screenwriters Michael Berg , Michael J. Wilson and
2	Director Chris Wedge and screenwriters Michael Berg , Michael J. Wilson
2	Chris Wedge and screenwriters Michael Berg , Michael J. Wilson
2	Wedge and screenwriters Michael Berg , Michael J. Wilson
2	and screenwriters Michael Berg , Michael J. Wilson
2	screenwriters Michael Berg , Michael J. Wilson
2	Michael Berg , Michael J. Wilson
2	Berg , Michael J. Wilson
2	, Michael J. Wilson
2	Michael J. Wilson
2	J. Wilson
2	Peter Ackerman
3	create some episodes that rival vintage Looney Tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .
3	create some episodes that rival vintage Looney Tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time
3	some episodes that rival vintage Looney Tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time
2	some episodes
3	that rival vintage Looney Tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time
2	that rival vintage Looney Tunes
2	rival vintage Looney Tunes
3	vintage Looney Tunes
2	Looney Tunes
3	for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time
2	the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time
3	the most creative mayhem
3	most creative mayhem
2	creative mayhem
2	in a brief amount of time
3	a brief amount of time
3	a brief amount
2	brief amount
2	of time
2	One of the film 's most effective aspects is its Tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret .
3	One of the film 's most effective aspects
3	of the film 's most effective aspects
2	the film 's most effective aspects
2	the film 's
2	film 's
3	most effective aspects
3	most effective
2	is its Tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret .
2	is its Tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret
2	its Tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret
2	its Tchaikovsky soundtrack
3	Tchaikovsky soundtrack
3	of neurasthenic regret
2	neurasthenic regret
2	Solondz creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike .
1	creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike .
2	creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike
2	creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer
2	some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer
3	some effective moments
3	effective moments
2	of discomfort for character and viewer
2	discomfort for character and viewer
2	for character and viewer
2	character and viewer
2	character and
3	The film 's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of Juliette Binoche as Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth .
3	The film 's appeal
2	The film 's
2	film 's
4	has a lot to do with the casting of Juliette Binoche as Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth .
3	has a lot to do with the casting of Juliette Binoche as Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
3	a lot to do with the casting of Juliette Binoche as Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
3	lot to do with the casting of Juliette Binoche as Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
3	to do with the casting of Juliette Binoche as Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
3	do with the casting of Juliette Binoche as Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
2	do with the casting of Juliette Binoche
2	with the casting of Juliette Binoche
2	the casting of Juliette Binoche
2	the casting
2	of Juliette Binoche
2	Juliette Binoche
3	as Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
3	Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
2	Sand ,
2	who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
3	brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
2	brings to the role
2	to the role
2	the role
2	her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
3	her pale , dark beauty and
2	her pale , dark beauty
3	pale , dark beauty
3	, dark beauty
2	dark beauty
3	characteristic warmth
4	I was amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .
4	was amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .
4	was amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise
4	amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise
3	amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and
4	amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario ,
4	amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario
3	amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's
2	amused and
3	entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's
2	by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's
2	the unfolding of Bielinsky 's
2	the unfolding
2	of Bielinsky 's
2	Bielinsky 's
3	cleverly constructed scenario
3	cleverly constructed
4	greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise
4	impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise
2	by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise
2	the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise
2	the skill
2	of the actors involved in the enterprise
3	the actors involved in the enterprise
2	the actors
2	involved in the enterprise
2	in the enterprise
3	the enterprise
3	Somehow Ms. Griffiths and Mr. Pryce bring off this wild Welsh whimsy .
4	Ms. Griffiths and Mr. Pryce bring off this wild Welsh whimsy .
2	Ms. Griffiths and Mr. Pryce
2	Griffiths and Mr. Pryce
2	and Mr. Pryce
2	Mr. Pryce
3	bring off this wild Welsh whimsy .
3	bring off this wild Welsh whimsy
3	bring off
3	this wild Welsh whimsy
2	wild Welsh whimsy
3	Welsh whimsy
4	More mature than Fatal Attraction , more complete than Indecent Proposal and more relevant than 9 1\/2 Weeks , Unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
3	More mature than Fatal Attraction , more complete than Indecent Proposal and more relevant than 9 1\/2 Weeks
3	More mature than Fatal Attraction , more complete than Indecent Proposal and
3	More mature than Fatal Attraction , more complete than Indecent Proposal
3	More mature than Fatal Attraction ,
3	More mature than Fatal Attraction
2	mature than Fatal Attraction
2	than Fatal Attraction
2	Fatal Attraction
3	more complete than Indecent Proposal
2	complete than Indecent Proposal
3	than Indecent Proposal
2	Indecent Proposal
3	more relevant than 9 1\/2 Weeks
2	relevant than 9 1\/2 Weeks
2	than 9 1\/2 Weeks
2	9 1\/2 Weeks
2	9 1\/2
3	, Unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
3	Unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
3	is at once intimate and universal cinema .
3	is at once intimate and universal cinema
2	at once intimate and universal cinema
3	once intimate and universal cinema
3	intimate and universal cinema
2	and universal cinema
2	universal cinema
3	For all the dolorous trim , Secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop Freudianism .
3	For all the dolorous trim
2	all the dolorous trim
2	all the dolorous
2	the dolorous
4	, Secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop Freudianism .
3	Secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop Freudianism .
3	is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop Freudianism .
3	is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop Freudianism
3	a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop Freudianism
3	a genial romance
3	genial romance
2	that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop Freudianism
2	maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop Freudianism
3	maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips
3	maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout ,
3	maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout
4	maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone
2	a surprisingly buoyant tone
2	surprisingly buoyant tone
3	surprisingly buoyant
1	notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips
2	some of the writers ' sporadic dips
2	of the writers ' sporadic dips
2	the writers ' sporadic dips
2	the writers '
2	writers '
3	sporadic dips
2	into pop Freudianism
2	pop Freudianism
4	A fanciful drama about Napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .
4	A fanciful drama about Napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility
2	A fanciful drama
3	fanciful drama
2	about Napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility
2	Napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility
2	Napoleon 's last years and
2	Napoleon 's last years
2	Napoleon 's
2	last years
3	his surprising discovery of love and humility
3	his surprising discovery
3	surprising discovery
3	of love and humility
3	love and humility
3	love and
2	A highly personal look at the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle , and by the end , we only wish we could have spent more time in its world .
3	A highly personal look at the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle , and by the end , we only wish we could have spent more time in its world
2	A highly personal look at the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle , and
2	A highly personal look at the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle ,
3	A highly personal look at the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle
2	A highly personal
2	highly personal
2	look at the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle
2	at the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle
3	the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle
2	the effects
2	of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle
2	living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle
2	a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle
1	dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle
2	privileged lifestyle
2	by the end , we only wish we could have spent more time in its world
2	by the end
2	the end
4	, we only wish we could have spent more time in its world
3	we only wish we could have spent more time in its world
3	only wish we could have spent more time in its world
3	wish we could have spent more time in its world
2	we could have spent more time in its world
2	could have spent more time in its world
2	have spent more time in its world
2	spent more time in its world
2	spent more time
2	more time
2	in its world
2	its world
4	Eric Schweig and Graham Greene both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
2	Eric Schweig and Graham Greene
2	Eric Schweig and
2	Eric Schweig
2	Graham Greene
3	both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
3	exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
4	exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters
3	an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters
2	an air of dignity
2	an air
2	of dignity
2	that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters
3	's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters
3	perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters
2	for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters
3	the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters
2	the proud warrior
3	proud warrior
2	that still lingers in the souls of these characters
2	still lingers in the souls of these characters
2	lingers in the souls of these characters
2	in the souls of these characters
2	the souls of these characters
2	the souls
2	of these characters
2	these characters
3	Lovely and Amazing is Holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is .
3	Lovely and Amazing
3	Lovely and
3	is Holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is .
3	is Holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is
2	Holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is
2	Holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy
2	Holofcener 's
1	deep , uncompromising curtsy
3	deep , uncompromising
1	, uncompromising
2	to women she knows , and very likely is
2	women she knows , and very likely is
2	she knows , and very likely is
3	knows , and very likely is
3	knows , and very likely
2	knows , and
2	knows ,
2	very likely
3	When all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , I trust , will you .
3	When all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , I trust
3	When all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and
2	When all is said and done , she loves them to pieces --
4	When all is said and done , she loves them to pieces
2	When all is said and done
2	all is said and done
2	is said and done
2	said and done
2	said and
2	, she loves them to pieces
3	she loves them to pieces
3	loves them to pieces
3	loves them
2	to pieces
3	so , I trust
2	, I trust
2	I trust
2	, will you .
2	will you .
2	will you
3	Campbell Scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson .
2	Campbell Scott
3	finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson .
3	finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson
3	the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson
3	the ideal outlet
3	ideal outlet
2	for his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson
3	his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson
2	his flick-knife diction
2	flick-knife diction
2	in the role of Roger Swanson
2	the role of Roger Swanson
2	the role
2	of Roger Swanson
2	Roger Swanson
4	-LRB- Fiji diver Rusi Vulakoro and the married couple Howard and Michelle Hall -RRB- show us the world they love and make us love it , too .
3	-LRB- Fiji diver Rusi Vulakoro and the married couple Howard and Michelle Hall -RRB- show us the world they love and make
3	-LRB- Fiji diver Rusi Vulakoro and the married couple Howard and Michelle Hall -RRB-
3	Fiji diver Rusi Vulakoro and the married couple Howard and Michelle Hall -RRB-
2	Fiji diver Rusi Vulakoro and the married couple Howard and Michelle Hall
2	Fiji diver Rusi Vulakoro and
2	Fiji diver Rusi Vulakoro
2	diver Rusi Vulakoro
3	Rusi Vulakoro
2	the married couple Howard and Michelle Hall
2	married couple Howard and Michelle Hall
2	couple Howard and Michelle Hall
2	Howard and Michelle Hall
2	and Michelle Hall
2	Michelle Hall
2	show us the world they love and make
2	show us
3	the world they love and make
2	the world
3	they love and make
2	love and make
3	love and
3	us love it , too .
3	love it , too .
4	love it , too
3	love it ,
4	love it
3	Russian Ark is a new treasure of the Hermitage .
2	Russian Ark
3	is a new treasure of the Hermitage .
2	is a new treasure of the Hermitage
3	a new treasure of the Hermitage
4	a new treasure
4	new treasure
2	of the Hermitage
2	the Hermitage
4	The animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .
4	The animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst
3	The animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and
4	The animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination
2	The animated sequences
2	animated sequences
3	are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination
3	are well done and perfectly
4	well done and perfectly
3	done and perfectly
2	done and
4	constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination
3	to convey a sense of childhood imagination
3	convey a sense of childhood imagination
3	a sense of childhood imagination
2	a sense
2	of childhood imagination
4	childhood imagination
2	creating adventure out of angst
2	creating adventure out
2	creating adventure
2	of angst
3	It 's definitely a step in the right direction .
3	's definitely a step in the right direction .
3	's definitely a step in the right direction
2	's definitely
3	a step in the right direction
2	a step
3	in the right direction
3	the right direction
3	right direction
3	As the princess , Sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .
2	As the princess
2	the princess
4	, Sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .
3	Sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .
4	glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .
4	glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat
4	glides gracefully from male persona to female
2	gracefully from male persona to female
2	from male persona to female
2	from male persona
2	male persona
2	to female
2	without missing a beat
1	missing a beat
2	a beat
4	Ben Kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of Ghandi gone bad .
2	Ben Kingsley
3	is truly funny , playing a kind of Ghandi gone bad .
3	is truly funny , playing a kind of Ghandi gone bad
4	is truly funny ,
4	is truly funny
4	truly funny
2	playing a kind of Ghandi gone bad
1	a kind of Ghandi gone bad
3	a kind
1	of Ghandi gone bad
1	Ghandi gone bad
2	gone bad
4	Ourside the theatre Roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with .
3	Ourside the theatre Roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with
2	Ourside the theatre Roger might be intolerable company , but
1	Ourside the theatre Roger might be intolerable company ,
2	Ourside the theatre Roger might be intolerable company
2	the theatre Roger might be intolerable company
2	the theatre Roger
2	theatre Roger
1	might be intolerable company
1	be intolerable company
1	intolerable company
3	inside it he 's well worth spending some time with
2	inside it
3	he 's well worth spending some time with
4	's well worth spending some time with
3	's well worth
3	well worth
2	spending some time with
2	spending some time
2	some time
2	A gem , captured in the unhurried , low-key style favored by many directors of the Iranian new wave .
4	A gem , captured in the unhurried , low-key style
4	A gem ,
3	A gem
2	captured in the unhurried , low-key style
3	in the unhurried , low-key style
3	the unhurried , low-key style
2	unhurried , low-key style
2	, low-key style
2	low-key style
3	favored by many directors of the Iranian new wave .
3	favored by many directors of the Iranian new wave
2	by many directors of the Iranian new wave
2	many directors of the Iranian new wave
2	many directors
2	of the Iranian new wave
2	the Iranian new wave
2	Iranian new wave
2	new wave
3	In an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , Narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .
2	In an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure
2	an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure
2	an era
3	where big stars and high production values are standard procedure
3	big stars and high production values are standard procedure
3	big stars and high production values
3	big stars and
2	big stars
3	high production values
2	production values
2	are standard procedure
2	standard procedure
3	, Narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .
2	Narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .
4	strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .
4	strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve
2	strikes a defiantly retro chord , and
2	strikes a defiantly retro chord ,
2	strikes a defiantly retro chord
3	a defiantly retro chord
2	defiantly retro chord
2	retro chord
3	outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve
2	outpaces its contemporaries
2	its contemporaries
3	with daring and verve
3	daring and verve
2	daring and
2	Ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what - time-it-is tedious .
2	Ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what - time-it-is tedious
3	Ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what -
3	Ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what
3	Ranges from laugh-out-loud
3	from laugh-out-loud
2	hilarious to wonder-what
2	to wonder-what
1	time-it-is tedious
3	The film 's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .
2	The film 's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences
2	The film 's
2	film 's
2	gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences
3	to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences
2	occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences
2	break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences
1	break up
2	the live-action scenes with animated sequences
2	the live-action scenes
2	live-action scenes
2	with animated sequences
2	animated sequences
3	pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .
3	pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter
3	pays off ,
3	pays off
3	as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter
3	does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter
3	its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter
3	its sensitive handling
2	sensitive handling
2	of some delicate subject matter
2	some delicate subject matter
2	delicate subject matter
2	subject matter
3	Talk To Her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing .
4	Talk To Her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing
2	Talk To Her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but
1	Talk To Her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be ,
1	Talk To Her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be
2	Talk To Her
2	To Her
2	is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be
1	is not
4	the perfect movie many have made it out to be
4	the perfect movie
4	perfect movie
3	many have made it out to be
2	have made it out to be
2	made it out to be
2	made it
3	out to be
2	to be
3	it 's still quite worth seeing
3	's still quite worth seeing
3	's still quite worth
2	's still
3	quite worth
3	Beating the Austin Powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .
3	Beating the Austin Powers films at their own game
3	Beating the Austin Powers films
2	the Austin Powers films
3	Austin Powers films
2	Powers films
2	at their own game
2	their own game
2	own game
2	, this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .
2	this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .
2	this blaxploitation spoof
1	blaxploitation spoof
2	downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .
3	downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness
2	the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness
3	the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness
2	the raunch
2	in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness
3	favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness
3	of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness
2	gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness
2	that rely on the strength of their own cleverness
2	rely on the strength of their own cleverness
3	on the strength of their own cleverness
3	the strength of their own cleverness
2	the strength
2	of their own cleverness
3	their own cleverness
2	own cleverness
2	as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness
3	opposed to the extent of their outrageousness
2	to the extent of their outrageousness
2	the extent of their outrageousness
2	the extent
2	of their outrageousness
3	their outrageousness
3	This is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .
3	is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .
3	is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem
3	a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem
3	dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem
3	dark , gritty , sometimes funny
3	, gritty , sometimes funny
3	gritty , sometimes funny
3	, sometimes funny
3	sometimes funny
4	little gem
4	For all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between Sullivan and his son .
3	For all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters
3	all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters
3	its visual panache and compelling supporting characters
2	its visual panache and
3	its visual panache
2	visual panache
4	compelling supporting characters
2	supporting characters
3	, the heart of the film rests in the relationship between Sullivan and his son .
2	the heart of the film rests in the relationship between Sullivan and his son .
3	the heart of the film
2	the heart
2	of the film
2	the film
2	rests in the relationship between Sullivan and his son .
2	rests in the relationship between Sullivan and his son
2	in the relationship between Sullivan and his son
2	the relationship between Sullivan and his son
2	the relationship
3	between Sullivan and his son
3	Sullivan and his son
2	Sullivan and
2	his son
4	What makes Salton Sea surprisingly engrossing is that Caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion .
2	What makes Salton Sea surprisingly engrossing
3	makes Salton Sea surprisingly engrossing
3	Salton Sea surprisingly engrossing
2	Salton Sea
3	surprisingly engrossing
2	is that Caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion .
3	is that Caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
3	that Caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
3	Caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
2	takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
2	takes an atypically hypnotic approach
2	an atypically hypnotic approach
3	atypically hypnotic approach
3	atypically hypnotic
2	to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
3	a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
2	a world
2	that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
1	's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
2	's often
2	handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
1	in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
3	fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
2	, hopped-up fashion
2	hopped-up fashion
2	A hidden-agenda drama that shouts classic French nuance .
2	A hidden-agenda drama that
2	A hidden-agenda drama
1	hidden-agenda drama
3	shouts classic French nuance .
3	shouts classic French nuance
3	classic French nuance
3	French nuance
3	With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams , the Spy Kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a James Bond series for kids .
2	With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams
2	Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams
2	Spy Kids 2 :
2	Spy Kids 2
2	Spy Kids
2	The Island of Lost Dreams
2	The Island
2	of Lost Dreams
1	Lost Dreams
2	, the Spy Kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a James Bond series for kids .
3	the Spy Kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a James Bond series for kids .
2	the Spy Kids franchise
2	Spy Kids franchise
2	Kids franchise
3	establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a James Bond series for kids .
3	establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a James Bond series for kids
3	establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape :
3	establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape
2	establishes itself
3	as a durable part of the movie landscape
2	a durable part of the movie landscape
3	a durable part
2	durable part
2	of the movie landscape
3	the movie landscape
2	movie landscape
3	a James Bond series for kids
3	a James Bond series
2	James Bond series
2	Bond series
2	for kids
4	An invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to Massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .
4	An invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to Massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent
2	An invaluable historical document thanks
4	invaluable historical document thanks
2	historical document thanks
2	document thanks
3	to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to Massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent
3	the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to Massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent
3	the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to Massoud ,
3	the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to Massoud
3	the filmmaker 's extraordinary access
2	the filmmaker 's
2	filmmaker 's
3	extraordinary access
2	to Massoud
4	whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent
3	charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent
3	charm , cultivation and devotion to his people
3	charm , cultivation and devotion
3	, cultivation and devotion
2	cultivation and devotion
3	cultivation and
3	to his people
2	his people
2	are readily apparent
2	readily apparent
3	The performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life .
2	The performances of the four main actresses
2	The performances
2	of the four main actresses
2	the four main actresses
2	four main actresses
2	main actresses
3	bring their characters to life .
3	bring their characters to life
2	bring their characters
2	their characters
2	to life
3	A little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged .
1	A little melodramatic , but with enough
2	little melodramatic , but with enough
1	little melodramatic , but with
1	little melodramatic
2	, but with
2	, but
2	hope to keep you engaged .
2	hope to keep you engaged
2	to keep you engaged
3	keep you engaged
2	you engaged
1	Lan Yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .
2	Lan Yu
1	seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .
0	seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece
1	altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece
1	too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece
1	slight to be called any kind of masterpiece
2	to be called any kind of masterpiece
2	be called any kind of masterpiece
2	called any kind of masterpiece
2	any kind of masterpiece
2	any kind
3	of masterpiece
4	It is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
4	is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
3	is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it
3	is , however ,
2	is , however
2	is ,
4	a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it
4	a completely honest , open-hearted film
4	completely honest , open-hearted film
3	completely honest
3	, open-hearted film
4	open-hearted film
3	that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it
3	should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it
2	appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it
2	appeal to anyone willing to succumb
2	to anyone willing to succumb
2	anyone willing to succumb
2	willing to succumb
2	to succumb
2	to it
3	Everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .
3	should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .
3	should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting
4	be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting
4	able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting
4	to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting
4	appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting
4	the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting
4	the wonderful cinematography and
4	the wonderful cinematography
3	wonderful cinematography
3	naturalistic acting
4	This often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .
3	This often-hilarious farce
4	often-hilarious farce
3	manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .
4	manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal
3	to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal
3	generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal
2	generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy
3	the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy
3	the belly laughs
3	belly laughs
2	of lowbrow comedy
2	lowbrow comedy
3	without sacrificing its high-minded appeal
1	sacrificing its high-minded appeal
2	its high-minded appeal
3	high-minded appeal
3	Expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .
3	Expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street
2	the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street
1	the limits of what a film can be ,
2	the limits of what a film can be
2	the limits
2	of what a film can be
3	what a film can be
2	a film can be
2	a film
2	can be
2	taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street
2	taking us
2	into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street
2	the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street
2	the lives
2	of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street
2	women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street
1	to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street
2	to whom
2	we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street
1	might not give a second look if we passed them on the street
2	might not
3	give a second look if we passed them on the street
3	give a second look
2	a second look
2	second look
2	if we passed them on the street
2	we passed them on the street
2	passed them on the street
2	passed them
2	on the street
2	the street
2	The farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest , yet its diverting grim message is a good one .
3	The farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest , yet its diverting grim message is a good one
2	The farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest , yet
1	The farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest ,
2	The farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest
2	The farcical elements
2	farcical elements
0	seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest
1	too pat and familiar to hold my interest
2	pat and familiar to hold my interest
2	pat and familiar
2	pat and
2	to hold my interest
3	hold my interest
2	my interest
3	its diverting grim message is a good one
2	its diverting grim message
1	diverting grim message
1	grim message
3	is a good one
3	a good one
4	good one
4	Shanghai Ghetto may not be as dramatic as Roman Polanski 's The Pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .
4	Shanghai Ghetto may not be as dramatic as Roman Polanski 's The Pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high
1	Shanghai Ghetto may not be as dramatic as Roman Polanski 's The Pianist , but
2	Shanghai Ghetto may not be as dramatic as Roman Polanski 's The Pianist ,
2	Shanghai Ghetto may not be as dramatic as Roman Polanski 's The Pianist
2	Shanghai Ghetto
2	may not be as dramatic as Roman Polanski 's The Pianist
1	may not
2	be as dramatic as Roman Polanski 's The Pianist
2	be as dramatic
2	as dramatic
2	as Roman Polanski 's The Pianist
2	Roman Polanski 's The Pianist
2	Roman Polanski
2	's The Pianist
2	The Pianist
4	its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high
3	its compassionate spirit
3	compassionate spirit
4	soars every bit as high
3	every bit as high
2	every bit
2	as high
2	Despite these annoyances , the capable Clayburgh and Tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
2	Despite these annoyances
1	these annoyances
3	, the capable Clayburgh and Tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
3	the capable Clayburgh and Tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
2	the capable Clayburgh and Tambor
2	the capable Clayburgh and
3	the capable Clayburgh
1	capable Clayburgh
4	really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
3	do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
3	do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age
4	a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age
3	a great job
3	great job
2	of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age
3	anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age
2	anchoring the characters
2	the characters
2	in the emotional realities of middle age
2	the emotional realities of middle age
2	the emotional realities
2	emotional realities
2	of middle age
2	middle age
3	The underworld urban angst is derivative of Martin Scorsese 's Taxi Driver and Goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself .
3	The underworld urban angst is derivative of Martin Scorsese 's Taxi Driver and Goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself
2	The underworld urban angst is derivative of Martin Scorsese 's Taxi Driver and Goodfellas , but
2	The underworld urban angst is derivative of Martin Scorsese 's Taxi Driver and Goodfellas ,
2	The underworld urban angst is derivative of Martin Scorsese 's Taxi Driver and Goodfellas
2	The underworld urban angst
2	underworld urban angst
2	urban angst
2	is derivative of Martin Scorsese 's Taxi Driver and Goodfellas
2	derivative of Martin Scorsese 's Taxi Driver and Goodfellas
3	of Martin Scorsese 's Taxi Driver and Goodfellas
2	Martin Scorsese 's Taxi Driver and Goodfellas
2	Martin Scorsese 's
2	Scorsese 's
2	Taxi Driver and Goodfellas
3	Driver and Goodfellas
2	Driver and
3	this film speaks for itself
2	this film
3	speaks for itself
2	for itself
2	The film 's heady yet far from impenetrable theory suggests that Russians take comfort in their closed-off nationalist reality .
2	The film 's heady yet far from impenetrable theory
2	The film 's
2	film 's
3	heady yet far from impenetrable theory
2	yet far from impenetrable theory
2	yet far from
2	far from
2	impenetrable theory
2	suggests that Russians take comfort in their closed-off nationalist reality .
2	suggests that Russians take comfort in their closed-off nationalist reality
2	that Russians take comfort in their closed-off nationalist reality
2	Russians take comfort in their closed-off nationalist reality
2	take comfort in their closed-off nationalist reality
2	comfort in their closed-off nationalist reality
2	in their closed-off nationalist reality
1	their closed-off nationalist reality
3	closed-off nationalist reality
2	nationalist reality
3	Despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .
3	Despite modest aspirations
2	modest aspirations
3	its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .
3	its occasional charms
3	occasional charms
3	are not to be dismissed .
3	are not to be dismissed
3	not to be dismissed
1	to be dismissed
2	be dismissed
3	Constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .
4	Constantly touching , surprisingly funny ,
3	Constantly touching , surprisingly funny
3	Constantly touching ,
3	Constantly touching
3	surprisingly funny
3	semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .
3	semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act
2	exploration of the creative act
3	of the creative act
3	the creative act
3	creative act
3	The journey is worth your time , especially if you have Ellen Pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .
2	The journey
3	is worth your time , especially if you have Ellen Pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .
3	is worth your time , especially if you have Ellen Pompeo sitting next to you for the ride
3	is worth your time , especially
3	is worth your time ,
3	is worth your time
3	worth your time
2	your time
2	if you have Ellen Pompeo sitting next to you for the ride
3	you have Ellen Pompeo sitting next to you for the ride
2	have Ellen Pompeo sitting next to you for the ride
3	Ellen Pompeo sitting next to you for the ride
2	Ellen Pompeo
2	sitting next to you for the ride
2	sitting next to you
2	next to you
2	to you
2	for the ride
2	the ride
2	Merci pour le movie .
2	pour le movie .
2	pour le movie
2	pour le
3	For every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
1	For every cheesy scene
1	every cheesy scene
2	cheesy scene
3	, though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
4	though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
4	, there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
4	there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
4	is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
3	is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
3	a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
3	a really cool bit --
3	a really cool bit
3	really cool bit
3	really cool
3	the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
2	the movie 's conception
2	the movie 's
2	movie 's
3	of a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
3	a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
4	future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
4	holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
3	librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
2	librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB-
1	-LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB-
2	Orlando Jones -RRB-
2	Orlando Jones
4	who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
4	knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
4	knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely
4	knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and
3	knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written ,
3	knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written
3	knows everything and answers all questions ,
3	knows everything and answers all questions
2	knows everything and
2	knows everything
2	answers all questions
2	all questions
4	is visually smart , cleverly written
3	is visually smart ,
3	is visually smart
3	visually smart
3	cleverly written
3	What sets Ms. Birot 's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
3	What sets Ms. Birot 's film apart from others in the genre
2	sets Ms. Birot 's film apart from others in the genre
2	sets Ms. Birot 's film apart
2	sets Ms. Birot 's film
2	Ms. Birot 's film
2	Ms. Birot 's
1	Birot 's
2	from others in the genre
3	others in the genre
2	in the genre
2	the genre
3	is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
3	is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents
3	a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents
3	a greater attention
2	greater attention
2	to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents
2	the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents
3	the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers --
3	the parents
2	-- and particularly the fateful fathers --
2	and particularly the fateful fathers --
2	particularly the fateful fathers --
2	the fateful fathers --
2	the fateful fathers
2	fateful fathers
2	in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents
2	the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents
2	the emotional evolution
3	emotional evolution
1	of the two bewitched adolescents
2	the two bewitched adolescents
2	two bewitched adolescents
2	bewitched adolescents
3	All three women deliver remarkable performances .
2	All three women
2	three women
3	deliver remarkable performances .
4	deliver remarkable performances
4	remarkable performances
3	Claire is a terrific role for someone like Judd , who really ought to be playing villains .
4	is a terrific role for someone like Judd , who really ought to be playing villains .
3	is a terrific role for someone like Judd , who really ought to be playing villains
4	a terrific role for someone like Judd , who really ought to be playing villains
4	a terrific role
3	terrific role
1	for someone like Judd , who really ought to be playing villains
2	someone like Judd , who really ought to be playing villains
2	someone like Judd ,
2	someone like Judd
2	like Judd
2	who really ought to be playing villains
2	really ought to be playing villains
2	ought to be playing villains
2	to be playing villains
2	be playing villains
2	playing villains
2	It 's clear that Mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of Indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent .
2	's clear that Mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of Indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent .
2	's clear that Mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of Indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
2	's clear
2	that Mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of Indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
2	Mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of Indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
1	simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of Indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
2	wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of Indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
2	to update her beloved genre for the thousands of Indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
3	update her beloved genre for the thousands of Indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
2	update her beloved genre
2	her beloved genre
3	beloved genre
1	for the thousands of Indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
2	the thousands of Indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
2	the thousands of Indians
2	the thousands
2	of Indians
2	who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
1	fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
1	themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
2	too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
3	sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
2	for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
3	the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
2	the cheese-laced spectacles
1	cheese-laced spectacles
2	that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
3	pack 'em in on the subcontinent
2	pack 'em
2	in on the subcontinent
2	on the subcontinent
2	the subcontinent
3	Compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative Christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .
3	explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative Christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .
2	explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative Christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children
1	the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative Christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children
1	the seemingly irreconcilable situation
2	seemingly irreconcilable situation
1	seemingly irreconcilable
2	between conservative Christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children
2	conservative Christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children
3	conservative Christian parents and
3	conservative Christian parents
3	Christian parents
2	their estranged gay and lesbian children
3	estranged gay and lesbian children
1	gay and lesbian children
1	and lesbian children
2	lesbian children
4	The soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission .
2	The soundtrack
4	alone is worth the price of admission .
4	is worth the price of admission .
3	is worth the price of admission
4	worth the price of admission
2	the price of admission
3	the price
2	of admission
3	Rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling Hollywood style -- casting excellent Latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue .
3	does a splendid job of racial profiling Hollywood style -- casting excellent Latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue .
4	does a splendid job of racial profiling Hollywood style -- casting excellent Latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue
3	a splendid job of racial profiling Hollywood style -- casting excellent Latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue
4	a splendid job of racial profiling Hollywood style -- casting excellent Latin actors of all ages --
2	a splendid job of racial profiling Hollywood style
4	a splendid job
2	splendid job
2	of racial profiling Hollywood style
1	racial profiling Hollywood style
2	profiling Hollywood style
2	Hollywood style
4	-- casting excellent Latin actors of all ages --
4	casting excellent Latin actors of all ages --
3	casting excellent Latin actors of all ages
3	excellent Latin actors of all ages
3	excellent Latin actors
2	Latin actors
3	of all ages
2	all ages
3	a trend long overdue
1	a trend
3	long overdue
3	Beneath the film 's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve .
2	Beneath the film 's obvious determination to shock at any cost
2	the film 's obvious determination to shock at any cost
2	the film 's
2	film 's
1	obvious determination to shock at any cost
2	determination to shock at any cost
2	to shock at any cost
2	shock at any cost
2	at any cost
2	any cost
3	lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve .
3	lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve
3	considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve
3	considerable skill and determination ,
2	considerable skill and determination
3	skill and determination
2	skill and
3	backed by sheer nerve
2	by sheer nerve
2	sheer nerve
3	Bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent .
3	is a filmmaker of impressive talent .
4	is a filmmaker of impressive talent
3	a filmmaker of impressive talent
2	a filmmaker
4	of impressive talent
3	impressive talent
4	So beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
4	beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
3	acted and directed , it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
3	acted and directed , it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses
3	acted and directed , it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him
1	acted and directed
2	acted and
3	, it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him
3	it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him
4	's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him
2	's clear
3	that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him
3	Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him
3	most certainly has a new career ahead of him
2	most certainly
3	has a new career ahead of him
2	a new career ahead of him
2	a new career
2	new career
2	ahead of him
2	of him
2	if he so chooses
2	he so chooses
2	so chooses
4	A visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .
4	A visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects
3	A visual spectacle
2	visual spectacle
4	full of stunning images and effects
4	of stunning images and effects
4	stunning images and effects
2	images and effects
2	images and
3	A gentle and engrossing character study .
3	A gentle and engrossing character
3	gentle and engrossing character
3	gentle and engrossing
3	gentle and
2	study .
3	It 's enough to watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that Chabrol spins .
3	's enough to watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that Chabrol spins .
3	's enough to watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that Chabrol spins
3	enough to watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that Chabrol spins
2	to watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that Chabrol spins
3	to watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and
2	to watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain ,
2	to watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain
3	watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain
2	watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady
2	watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes
3	Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes
2	Huppert scheming ,
2	Huppert scheming
3	with her small , intelligent eyes
3	her small , intelligent eyes
3	small , intelligent eyes
3	, intelligent eyes
2	intelligent eyes
2	as steady
2	as any noir villain
2	any noir villain
2	noir villain
3	to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that Chabrol spins
3	enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that Chabrol spins
4	enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension
2	the perfectly pitched web of tension
3	the perfectly pitched web
3	perfectly pitched web
3	perfectly pitched
2	of tension
2	that Chabrol spins
2	Chabrol spins
3	An engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line .
3	An engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line
3	An engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop
3	An engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original
3	An engrossing portrait
3	engrossing portrait
2	of uncompromising artists trying to create something original
3	uncompromising artists trying to create something original
2	uncompromising artists
3	trying to create something original
3	to create something original
3	create something original
3	something original
2	against the backdrop
2	the backdrop
2	of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line
2	a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line
2	a corporate music industry
2	corporate music industry
2	music industry
1	that only seems to care about the bottom line
1	only seems to care about the bottom line
2	seems to care about the bottom line
2	to care about the bottom line
2	care about the bottom line
2	about the bottom line
2	the bottom line
2	bottom line
3	A mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make ` Cherish ' a very good -LRB- but not great -RRB- movie .
3	A mischievous visual style and oodles of charm
2	A mischievous visual style and
3	A mischievous visual style
2	mischievous visual style
3	visual style
3	oodles of charm
3	of charm
3	make ` Cherish ' a very good -LRB- but not great -RRB- movie .
3	make ` Cherish ' a very good -LRB- but not great -RRB- movie
2	make ` Cherish '
3	` Cherish '
3	Cherish '
3	a very good -LRB- but not great -RRB- movie
2	very good -LRB- but not great -RRB- movie
3	very good -LRB- but not great -RRB-
3	very good
2	-LRB- but not great -RRB-
1	but not great -RRB-
2	but not great
1	not great
3	Just as the recent Argentine film Son of the Bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , Time of Favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
4	Just as the recent Argentine film Son of the Bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart
4	as the recent Argentine film Son of the Bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart
3	the recent Argentine film Son of the Bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart
2	the recent Argentine film Son of the Bride
2	the recent Argentine film Son
2	recent Argentine film Son
2	Argentine film Son
2	film Son
2	of the Bride
2	the Bride
4	reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart
2	reminded us
3	that a feel-good movie can still show real heart
3	a feel-good movie can still show real heart
3	a feel-good movie
3	feel-good movie
2	can still show real heart
2	can still
3	show real heart
3	real heart
3	, Time of Favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
3	Time of Favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
2	Time of Favor
2	of Favor
3	presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
4	presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain
2	presents us
4	with an action movie that actually has a brain
2	an action movie that actually has a brain
2	an action movie
2	action movie
3	that actually has a brain
2	actually has a brain
3	has a brain
2	a brain
3	-LRB- A -RRB- strong piece of work .
4	-LRB- A -RRB- strong piece of work
2	-LRB- A -RRB-
2	A -RRB-
3	strong piece of work
3	strong piece
2	of work
4	A stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making .
3	A stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us
3	A stirring tribute
3	stirring tribute
3	to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us
2	the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us
2	the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters
3	the bravery and dedication
3	bravery and dedication
2	bravery and
2	of the world 's reporters
2	the world 's reporters
2	the world 's
2	world 's
3	who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us
2	willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us
2	walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us
2	walk into the nightmare of war
2	into the nightmare of war
1	the nightmare of war
1	the nightmare
1	of war
3	not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us
2	only to record the events for posterity , but to help us
3	only to record the events for posterity , but
2	only to record the events for posterity ,
2	only to record the events for posterity
2	to record the events for posterity
2	record the events for posterity
2	record the events
2	the events
2	for posterity
2	to help us
2	help us
3	clearly see the world of our making .
2	see the world of our making .
2	see the world of our making
2	the world of our making
2	the world
3	of our making
2	our making
3	The Importance of Being Earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations
2	The Importance
2	of Being Earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations
3	Being Earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations
2	Earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations
3	Earnest ,
2	so thick with wit it plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations
3	thick with wit it plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations
3	with wit it plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations
2	wit it plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations
2	it plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations
3	plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations
2	like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations
2	a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations
2	a reading
2	from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations
2	Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations
2	Bartlett 's
2	Familiar Quotations
4	Daring and beautifully made .
4	Daring and beautifully made
3	Daring and
4	beautifully made
2	Made for teens and reviewed as such , this is recommended only for those under 20 years of age ... and then only as a very mild rental .
2	Made for teens and reviewed as such
2	Made for teens and
2	Made for teens
2	for teens
2	reviewed as such
2	as such
2	, this is recommended only for those under 20 years of age ... and then only as a very mild rental .
2	this is recommended only for those under 20 years of age ... and then only as a very mild rental .
2	this is recommended only for those under 20 years of age ... and then only as a very mild rental
2	this is recommended only for those under 20 years of age
1	is recommended only for those under 20 years of age
2	recommended only for those under 20 years of age
2	recommended only
2	for those under 20 years of age
2	those under 20 years of age
2	under 20 years of age
2	20 years of age
2	20 years
2	of age
1	... and then only as a very mild rental
1	and then only as a very mild rental
2	then only as a very mild rental
2	only as a very mild rental
2	as a very mild rental
2	a very mild rental
2	very mild rental
3	very mild
0	Imagine O. Henry 's The Gift of the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene .
2	Imagine O. Henry
2	O. Henry
1	's The Gift of the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene .
1	's The Gift of the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene
2	The Gift of the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene
2	The Gift
2	of the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene
2	the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene
2	the Magi
2	relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene
1	to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene
2	the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene
1	the scuzzy underbelly
1	scuzzy underbelly
2	of NYC 's drug scene
2	NYC 's drug scene
2	NYC 's
2	drug scene
2	Merry friggin ' Christmas !
2	Merry friggin '
2	friggin '
2	Christmas !
3	The film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in Laramie following the murder of Matthew Shepard .
2	The film
3	does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in Laramie following the murder of Matthew Shepard .
3	does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in Laramie following the murder of Matthew Shepard
3	give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in Laramie following the murder of Matthew Shepard
3	give a pretty good overall picture of the situation
3	a pretty good overall picture of the situation
4	a pretty good overall picture
3	pretty good overall picture
3	pretty good
2	overall picture
2	of the situation
2	the situation
1	in Laramie following the murder of Matthew Shepard
2	Laramie following the murder of Matthew Shepard
2	following the murder of Matthew Shepard
2	the murder of Matthew Shepard
1	the murder
3	of Matthew Shepard
2	Matthew Shepard
4	Both lead performances are Oscar-size .
2	Both lead performances
3	lead performances
2	are Oscar-size .
3	are Oscar-size
3	Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and Moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between Jane Wyman and June Cleaver .
2	Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and Moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between Jane Wyman and June Cleaver
3	Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and
4	Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie ,
4	Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie
2	is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie
3	is utterly fearless as the tortured husband
2	utterly fearless as the tortured husband
2	fearless as the tortured husband
2	as the tortured husband
1	the tortured husband
1	tortured husband
2	living a painful lie
1	a painful lie
1	painful lie
3	Moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between Jane Wyman and June Cleaver
3	Moore wonderfully
2	underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between Jane Wyman and June Cleaver
2	underplays the long-suffering heroine
2	the long-suffering heroine
2	long-suffering heroine
3	with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between Jane Wyman and June Cleaver
2	an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between Jane Wyman and June Cleaver
2	an unflappable '50s dignity
2	unflappable '50s dignity
2	'50s dignity
2	somewhere between Jane Wyman and June Cleaver
2	between Jane Wyman and June Cleaver
2	Jane Wyman and June Cleaver
3	Jane Wyman and
2	Jane Wyman
2	June Cleaver
4	Ferrara 's best film in years .
4	Ferrara 's best film in years
3	Ferrara 's best film
3	Ferrara 's
4	best film
2	in years
4	A remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .
4	A remarkably insightful
3	remarkably insightful
3	look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .
2	look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic
2	at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic
2	the backstage angst of the stand-up comic
3	the backstage angst
2	backstage angst
3	of the stand-up comic
2	the stand-up comic
2	stand-up comic
4	Nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .
3	short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .
4	short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil
2	short of wonderful
2	of wonderful
2	with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil
2	its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil
2	its ten-year-old female protagonist and
2	its ten-year-old female protagonist
2	ten-year-old female protagonist
2	female protagonist
2	its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil
2	steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil
2	refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil
2	to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil
2	set up a dualistic battle between good and evil
3	set up
3	a dualistic battle between good and evil
2	a dualistic battle
2	dualistic battle
2	between good and evil
2	good and evil
3	good and
3	Davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .
4	Davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships
4	Davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take
2	Davis '
3	candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take
4	candid , archly funny and deeply authentic
3	candid , archly funny and
3	candid , archly funny
3	candid ,
3	archly funny
3	deeply authentic
3	on intimate relationships
2	intimate relationships
2	comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .
2	comes to fruition in her sophomore effort
3	to fruition in her sophomore effort
2	fruition in her sophomore effort
2	in her sophomore effort
2	her sophomore effort
1	sophomore effort
3	It 's more enjoyable than I expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs .
3	It 's more enjoyable than I expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs
3	It 's more enjoyable than I expected , though , and
3	It 's more enjoyable than I expected , though ,
3	It 's more enjoyable than I expected , though
3	's more enjoyable than I expected , though
3	's more enjoyable than I expected ,
3	's more enjoyable than I expected
3	more enjoyable than I expected
3	more enjoyable
2	than I expected
2	I expected
2	that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs
3	's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs
2	because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs
2	the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs
3	the laughs
2	come from fairly basic comedic constructs
2	from fairly basic comedic constructs
3	fairly basic comedic constructs
2	fairly basic
2	comedic constructs
2	Cinematic pratfalls given a working over .
0	Cinematic pratfalls
2	given a working over .
1	given a working over
2	a working over
2	a working
3	The cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .
3	The cast is spot on and the mood is laid back
3	The cast is spot on and
3	The cast is spot on
2	The cast
3	is spot on
3	is spot
3	the mood is laid back
2	the mood
2	is laid back
3	laid back
2	Matches neorealism 's impact by showing the humanity of a war-torn land filled with people who just want to live their lives .
2	Matches neorealism 's impact by showing the humanity of a war-torn land
2	Matches neorealism 's impact
3	Matches neorealism 's
1	neorealism 's
2	by showing the humanity of a war-torn land
3	showing the humanity of a war-torn land
2	the humanity of a war-torn land
2	the humanity
2	of a war-torn land
2	a war-torn land
2	war-torn land
2	filled with people who just want to live their lives .
3	filled with people who just want to live their lives
2	with people who just want to live their lives
2	people who just want to live their lives
2	who just want to live their lives
2	just want to live their lives
2	want to live their lives
2	to live their lives
2	live their lives
2	their lives
4	Those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` Scratch '' a second look .
3	Those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary
2	Those moviegoers
2	who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary
2	would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary
2	would automatically
2	bypass a hip-hop documentary
2	a hip-hop documentary
2	hip-hop documentary
3	should give `` Scratch '' a second look .
3	should give `` Scratch '' a second look
3	give `` Scratch '' a second look
2	give `` Scratch ''
2	`` Scratch ''
2	Scratch ''
2	a second look
2	second look
3	Baby-faced Renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .
2	Baby-faced Renner
2	is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .
3	is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within
2	is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons
1	eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons
1	convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons
2	as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons
2	this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons
2	this bland blank
2	bland blank
4	of a man with unimaginable demons
2	a man with unimaginable demons
2	a man
3	with unimaginable demons
1	unimaginable demons
4	Romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .
4	Romantic , riveting and handsomely
3	, riveting and handsomely
3	riveting and handsomely
3	riveting and
2	animated .
3	A competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .
2	A competent , unpretentious entertainment
3	competent , unpretentious entertainment
3	competent , unpretentious
2	, unpretentious
3	destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .
2	destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country
2	to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country
1	fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country
1	fill the after-school slot
2	the after-school slot
2	after-school slot
2	at shopping mall theaters across the country
2	shopping mall theaters across the country
2	shopping mall theaters
2	mall theaters
2	across the country
2	the country
4	Shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .
2	Shot largely in small rooms
2	Shot largely
2	in small rooms
2	small rooms
3	, the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .
4	the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .
2	the film
3	has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .
3	has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic
3	a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic
3	a gentle , unforced intimacy
3	gentle , unforced intimacy
2	gentle , unforced
3	, unforced
2	that never becomes claustrophobic
3	never becomes claustrophobic
1	becomes claustrophobic
3	Where Janice Beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .
1	Where Janice Beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace
2	Janice Beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace
2	Janice Beard
1	falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace
0	in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace
0	its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace
0	its recycled aspects , implausibility , and
1	its recycled aspects , implausibility ,
1	its recycled aspects , implausibility
1	its recycled aspects ,
1	its recycled aspects
2	recycled aspects
1	sags in pace
2	in pace
3	, it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .
3	it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .
4	rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .
2	rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment
3	in its courageousness , and comedic employment
3	its courageousness , and comedic employment
3	its courageousness , and
4	its courageousness ,
4	its courageousness
3	comedic employment
3	Byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle .
3	is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle .
2	is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle
2	is too savvy
2	too savvy
1	a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle
2	filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle
1	to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle
1	let this morph into a typical romantic triangle
2	let this morph
2	this morph
1	into a typical romantic triangle
2	a typical romantic triangle
2	typical romantic triangle
2	romantic triangle
2	Instead , he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .
2	, he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .
2	he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .
3	focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .
2	focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground
3	on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground
1	the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground
1	the anguish
2	that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground
2	can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground
2	develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground
1	when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground
2	one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground
2	mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground
2	leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground
2	the familiar to traverse uncharted ground
3	familiar to traverse uncharted ground
2	familiar to traverse
2	to traverse
2	uncharted ground
3	McGrath has deftly trimmed Dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .
3	has deftly trimmed Dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .
2	has deftly trimmed Dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness
2	has deftly
3	trimmed Dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness
2	trimmed Dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better
3	Dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better
4	Dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera ,
3	Dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera
2	Dickens '
4	wonderfully sprawling soap opera
3	wonderfully sprawling
1	soap opera
2	the better
2	to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness
3	focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness
2	focus on the hero 's odyssey
2	on the hero 's odyssey
3	the hero 's odyssey
2	the hero 's
2	hero 's
4	from cowering poverty to courage and happiness
2	cowering poverty to courage and happiness
2	cowering poverty
3	to courage and happiness
3	courage and happiness
3	courage and
4	A chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .
3	A chance to see three splendid actors
3	chance to see three splendid actors
3	to see three splendid actors
2	see three splendid actors
4	three splendid actors
4	splendid actors
4	turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .
3	turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody
3	turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need
2	turn a larky chase movie
2	a larky chase movie
2	larky chase movie
2	chase movie
3	into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need
4	an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need
4	an emotionally satisfying exploration
3	emotionally satisfying exploration
4	emotionally satisfying
2	of the very human need
2	the very human need
2	very human need
2	very human
3	to be somebody , and to belong to somebody
3	to be somebody , and
2	to be somebody ,
2	to be somebody
2	be somebody
2	to belong to somebody
2	belong to somebody
2	to somebody
3	Metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
3	Metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
2	Metaphors abound , but
2	Metaphors abound ,
2	Metaphors abound
3	it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
3	is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
3	easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
3	to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
3	take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
2	take this film at face value and
3	take this film at face value
2	take this film
2	this film
2	at face value
2	face value
3	enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
3	its slightly humorous and tender story
3	slightly humorous and tender story
3	slightly humorous and tender
3	humorous and tender
3	humorous and
2	As directed by Dani Kouyate of Burkina Faso , Sia lacks visual flair .
2	As directed by Dani Kouyate of Burkina Faso
2	directed by Dani Kouyate of Burkina Faso
2	by Dani Kouyate of Burkina Faso
2	Dani Kouyate of Burkina Faso
2	Dani Kouyate
2	of Burkina Faso
2	Burkina Faso
1	, Sia lacks visual flair .
1	Sia lacks visual flair .
1	lacks visual flair .
1	lacks visual flair
3	visual flair
3	But Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .
3	Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .
4	Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them
3	Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and
3	Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast ,
3	Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast
4	elicits strong performances from his cast
3	elicits strong performances
3	strong performances
2	from his cast
2	his cast
2	he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them
3	delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them
3	delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie ,
3	delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie
3	delivers a powerful commentary
3	a powerful commentary
3	powerful commentary
2	on how governments lie
2	how governments lie
2	governments lie
2	no matter who runs them
2	matter who runs them
2	who runs them
2	runs them
4	The best comedy concert movie I 've seen since Cho 's previous concert comedy film , I 'm the One That I Want , in 2000 .
4	The best comedy concert movie I 've seen since Cho 's previous concert comedy film
4	The best comedy concert movie
4	best comedy concert movie
2	comedy concert movie
2	concert movie
2	I 've seen since Cho 's previous concert comedy film
2	've seen since Cho 's previous concert comedy film
2	seen since Cho 's previous concert comedy film
2	since Cho 's previous concert comedy film
3	Cho 's previous concert comedy film
2	Cho 's
2	previous concert comedy film
2	concert comedy film
2	comedy film
3	, I 'm the One That I Want , in 2000 .
2	I 'm the One That I Want , in 2000 .
2	'm the One That I Want , in 2000 .
2	'm the One That I Want , in 2000
2	'm the One That I Want ,
2	'm the One That I Want
3	the One That I Want
2	One That I Want
2	That I Want
2	I Want
2	in 2000
3	Broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed .
2	reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed .
2	reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed
2	reminds us
1	that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed
2	that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery
2	beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery
3	the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery
2	the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and
2	the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies
2	the hype , the celebrity , the high life ,
2	the hype , the celebrity , the high life
3	the hype , the celebrity ,
2	the hype , the celebrity
2	the hype ,
1	the hype
2	the celebrity
2	the high life
2	high life
2	the conspiracies
2	the mystery
2	there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed
2	were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed
2	once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed
2	once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically
2	once a couple
2	a couple
3	of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically
3	bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically
2	bright young men --
2	bright young men
2	young men
4	promising , talented , charismatic and tragically
3	, talented , charismatic and tragically
3	talented , charismatic and tragically
3	, charismatic and tragically
3	charismatic and tragically
2	charismatic and
3	Offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .
3	laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .
2	laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through
2	laughs and
2	insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through
1	into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through
2	one of the toughest ages a kid can go through
2	of the toughest ages a kid can go through
1	the toughest ages a kid can go through
2	the toughest ages
2	toughest ages
2	a kid can go through
2	a kid
2	can go through
2	go through
3	A perceptive , good-natured movie .
3	A perceptive , good-natured movie
4	perceptive , good-natured movie
3	perceptive , good-natured
2	, good-natured
3	An amused indictment of Jaglom 's own profession .
2	An amused indictment of Jaglom 's own profession
2	An amused indictment
3	amused indictment
1	of Jaglom 's own profession
2	Jaglom 's own profession
2	Jaglom 's
2	own profession
3	A small movie with a big heart .
3	A small movie with a big heart
1	A small movie
2	small movie
3	with a big heart
3	a big heart
3	big heart
3	Hugely accomplished slice of Hitchcockian suspense .
3	Hugely accomplished
3	slice of Hitchcockian suspense .
2	slice of Hitchcockian suspense
2	of Hitchcockian suspense
3	Hitchcockian suspense
3	The formula is familiar but enjoyable .
2	The formula
3	is familiar but enjoyable .
3	is familiar but enjoyable
3	familiar but enjoyable
2	familiar but
4	Tells a fascinating , compelling story .
3	Tells a fascinating , compelling story
4	a fascinating , compelling story
4	fascinating , compelling story
3	, compelling story
3	compelling story
4	A triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .
4	A triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light
3	A triumph ,
4	A triumph
4	a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light
2	a film
3	that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light
3	hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light
2	hews out a world and
2	hews out a world
2	hews out
2	a world
3	carries us effortlessly from darkness to light
3	carries us effortlessly from darkness
3	carries us effortlessly
2	carries us
2	from darkness
3	to light
3	What begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .
4	begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .
3	begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters
3	as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters
3	a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters
2	a conventional thriller
3	conventional thriller
3	evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters
3	into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters
3	a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters
2	a gorgeously atmospheric meditation
3	gorgeously atmospheric meditation
2	atmospheric meditation
2	on life-changing chance encounters
3	life-changing chance encounters
2	chance encounters
3	The Lady and the Duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the French Revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective .
2	The Lady and the Duke
2	The Lady and
2	The Lady
2	the Duke
3	is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the French Revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective .
3	is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the French Revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective
3	a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the French Revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective
3	a smart , romantic drama
3	smart , romantic drama
2	, romantic drama
2	romantic drama
2	that dares to depict the French Revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective
2	dares to depict the French Revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective
2	to depict the French Revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective
2	depict the French Revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective
3	depict the French Revolution
2	the French Revolution
2	French Revolution
2	from the aristocrats ' perspective
2	the aristocrats ' perspective
2	the aristocrats '
2	aristocrats '
4	Most haunting about `` Fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen .
2	Most haunting about `` Fence ''
2	haunting about `` Fence ''
2	about `` Fence ''
2	about `` Fence
2	about ``
2	is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen .
2	is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen
3	its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen
2	its conclusion ,
2	its conclusion
3	when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen
2	we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen
2	hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen
2	hear the ultimate fate of these girls and
2	hear the ultimate fate of these girls
2	the ultimate fate of these girls
2	the ultimate fate
2	ultimate fate
2	of these girls
2	these girls
1	realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen
1	realize , much to our dismay ,
1	realize , much to our dismay
2	realize ,
1	much to our dismay
1	to our dismay
1	our dismay
2	that this really did happen
2	this really did happen
2	really did happen
2	did happen
1	Noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , Hollywood moments to keep us
1	Noyce 's greatest mistake
2	Noyce 's
0	greatest mistake
1	is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , Hollywood moments to keep us
2	thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , Hollywood moments to keep us
2	that we needed sweeping , dramatic , Hollywood moments to keep us
2	we needed sweeping , dramatic , Hollywood moments to keep us
1	needed sweeping , dramatic , Hollywood moments to keep us
2	needed sweeping , dramatic , Hollywood moments
3	sweeping , dramatic , Hollywood moments
3	sweeping , dramatic ,
3	sweeping , dramatic
3	sweeping ,
2	Hollywood moments
2	to keep us
2	keep us
3	World Traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something .
3	World Traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something
2	World Traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but
1	World Traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special ,
2	World Traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special
2	World Traveler
2	might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special
2	might not
2	go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special
2	go anywhere new , or
3	go anywhere new ,
2	go anywhere new
2	anywhere new
2	arrive anyplace special
2	anyplace special
3	it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something
3	's certainly an honest attempt to get at something
2	's certainly
3	an honest attempt to get at something
3	honest attempt to get at something
2	attempt to get at something
2	to get at something
3	get at something
2	at something
3	There 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .
3	There 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all
2	There 's much tongue in cheek in the film and
2	There 's much tongue in cheek in the film
2	's much tongue in cheek in the film
3	much tongue in cheek in the film
2	much tongue
2	in cheek in the film
2	cheek in the film
2	in the film
2	the film
3	there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all
2	's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all
3	no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all
2	no doubt
2	the filmmaker is having fun with it all
2	the filmmaker
3	is having fun with it all
3	having fun with it all
3	fun with it all
2	with it all
2	it all
3	There 's absolutely no reason why Blue Crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is
2	's absolutely no reason why Blue Crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is
2	's absolutely
2	no reason why Blue Crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is
2	no reason
3	why Blue Crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is
3	Blue Crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is
2	Blue Crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry ,
2	Blue Crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry
2	Blue Crush ,
2	Blue Crush
2	a late-summer surfer girl entry
2	late-summer surfer girl entry
2	surfer girl entry
3	girl entry
3	should be as entertaining as it is
2	be as entertaining as it is
3	be as entertaining
2	as entertaining
2	as it is
3	it is
4	An action\/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of Day of the Jackal , The French Connection , and Heat .
3	An action\/thriller of the finest kind
3	An action\/thriller
3	of the finest kind
3	the finest kind
3	finest kind
3	, evoking memories of Day of the Jackal , The French Connection , and Heat .
2	evoking memories of Day of the Jackal , The French Connection , and Heat .
3	evoking memories of Day of the Jackal , The French Connection , and Heat
2	memories of Day of the Jackal , The French Connection , and Heat
2	of Day of the Jackal , The French Connection , and Heat
2	Day of the Jackal , The French Connection , and Heat
2	of the Jackal , The French Connection , and Heat
2	the Jackal , The French Connection , and Heat
2	the Jackal , The French Connection , and
2	the Jackal , The French Connection ,
2	the Jackal , The French Connection
2	the Jackal ,
2	the Jackal
2	The French Connection
2	French Connection
3	The best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .
4	The best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times
4	The best movie
3	best movie
2	in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times
3	many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times
2	many a moon
2	a moon
3	about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times
3	the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times
2	the passions
2	that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times
2	sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times
3	fuel our best achievements and other times
3	our best achievements and other times
3	our best achievements and
3	our best achievements
3	best achievements
2	other times
1	leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .
1	leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites
2	us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites
1	stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites
2	stranded with nothing
2	with nothing
2	more than our lesser appetites
2	than our lesser appetites
2	our lesser appetites
2	lesser appetites
2	In capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills , the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st .
2	In capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills
3	capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills
2	the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills
2	the understated comedic agony
2	understated comedic agony
1	comedic agony
1	of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills
2	an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills
2	ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills
2	, genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills
2	genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills
3	genteel yet decadent
2	genteel yet
2	aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills
2	that can no longer pay its bills
2	can no longer pay its bills
1	can no longer
2	no longer
2	pay its bills
2	its bills
2	, the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st .
3	the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st .
2	the film
2	could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st .
2	could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st
2	could just as well
2	just as well
2	as well
2	be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st
3	addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st
2	addressing the turn of the 20th century
2	the turn of the 20th century
2	the turn
2	of the 20th century
2	the 20th century
2	20th century
3	into the 21st
2	the 21st
2	Insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but it does n't disgrace it , either .
3	Insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but it does n't disgrace it , either
3	Insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but
1	Insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original ,
2	Insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original
2	does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original
2	does not
3	become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original
2	become one of those rare remakes
3	one of those rare remakes
3	of those rare remakes
2	those rare remakes
3	rare remakes
2	to eclipse the original
3	eclipse the original
3	the original
2	it does n't disgrace it , either
2	does n't disgrace it , either
1	does n't
2	disgrace it , either
1	disgrace it ,
1	disgrace it
4	classic cinema served up with heart and humor
3	classic cinema
4	served up with heart and humor
2	served up
3	with heart and humor
3	heart and humor
2	heart and
3	-LRB- Stephen -RRB- Earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have .
2	-LRB- Stephen -RRB- Earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
2	-LRB- Stephen -RRB-
2	Stephen -RRB-
3	Earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
2	Earnhart 's film
2	Earnhart 's
3	is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
2	more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
3	about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
3	the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
2	the optimism
2	of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
2	a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
2	a group
2	of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
2	people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
2	who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
3	are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
3	struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
2	to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
2	give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
2	give themselves a better lot in life
2	give themselves
2	a better lot in life
3	a better lot
2	better lot
2	in life
2	than the ones
2	the ones
2	they currently have .
2	currently have .
3	have .
1	The events of the film are just so WEIRD that I honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .
2	The events of the film
2	The events
2	of the film
2	the film
3	are just so WEIRD that I honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .
2	are just so WEIRD that I honestly never knew what the hell was coming next
2	are just so
2	just so
3	WEIRD that I honestly never knew what the hell was coming next
2	that I honestly never knew what the hell was coming next
3	I honestly never knew what the hell was coming next
2	honestly never knew what the hell was coming next
1	never knew what the hell was coming next
0	knew what the hell was coming next
1	what the hell was coming next
2	the hell was coming next
1	the hell
2	was coming next
2	coming next
4	Nicole Holofcener 's Lovely and Amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
2	Nicole Holofcener
3	's Lovely and Amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
4	's Lovely and Amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
4	's Lovely and Amazing ,
4	's Lovely and Amazing
3	Lovely and Amazing
3	Lovely and
3	from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
4	her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
2	her own screenplay ,
2	her own screenplay
2	own screenplay
3	jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
4	jumps to the head of the class of women 's films
4	to the head of the class of women 's films
4	the head of the class of women 's films
2	the head
2	of the class of women 's films
2	the class of women 's films
2	the class
2	of women 's films
2	women 's films
2	women 's
3	that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
2	manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
2	to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
1	avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
1	avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks
2	the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks
2	the ghetto
2	of sentimental chick-flicks
3	sentimental chick-flicks
2	by treating female follies with a satirical style
2	treating female follies with a satirical style
3	treating female follies
2	female follies
2	with a satirical style
2	a satirical style
2	satirical style
4	That Jack Nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .
2	That Jack Nicholson
2	Jack Nicholson
4	makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .
3	makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend
3	this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend
3	this man so watchable
2	this man
3	so watchable
3	is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend
3	is a tribute
3	a tribute
3	not only to his craft , but to his legend
2	not only
3	to his craft , but to his legend
2	to his craft
3	his craft
3	, but to his legend
2	, but
2	to his legend
2	his legend
3	Has a solid emotional impact .
4	Has a solid emotional impact
4	a solid emotional impact
3	solid emotional impact
2	emotional impact
3	Successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie .
4	Successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie
3	Successfully blended satire ,
3	Successfully blended satire
2	blended satire
3	high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie
2	high camp and
2	high camp
3	yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie
2	yet another sexual taboo
2	another sexual taboo
2	sexual taboo
3	into a really funny movie
4	a really funny movie
4	really funny movie
4	really funny
3	Mark Pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .
2	Mark Pellington 's latest pop thriller
2	Mark Pellington 's
2	Pellington 's
2	latest pop thriller
2	pop thriller
2	is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .
2	is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth
3	as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth
3	kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth
1	kooky and overeager
2	kooky and
3	as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth
3	it is spooky and subtly in love with myth
3	is spooky and subtly in love with myth
3	is spooky and subtly
3	spooky and subtly
2	spooky and
3	in love with myth
2	love with myth
2	with myth
4	While maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among Wiseman 's warmest .
2	While maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity
3	maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity
2	the appearance of clinical objectivity
2	the appearance
2	of clinical objectivity
2	clinical objectivity
4	, this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among Wiseman 's warmest .
3	this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among Wiseman 's warmest .
4	this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film
3	sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film
3	, occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film
2	occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film
3	occasionally horrifying but often inspiring
2	occasionally horrifying but
2	occasionally horrifying
3	often inspiring
3	is among Wiseman 's warmest .
3	is among Wiseman 's warmest
2	among Wiseman 's warmest
3	Wiseman 's warmest
2	Wiseman 's
4	Raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .
3	crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .
3	crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings
4	a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings
3	a complicated hero
2	complicated hero
3	who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings
3	is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings
3	a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings
3	a welcome relief
3	welcome relief
2	from the usual two-dimensional offerings
2	the usual two-dimensional offerings
2	usual two-dimensional offerings
1	two-dimensional offerings
3	An enjoyable above average summer diversion .
3	An enjoyable above average summer diversion
3	enjoyable above average summer diversion
2	enjoyable above average summer
2	above average summer
2	average summer
4	There is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
3	is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
4	is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country
2	is simply
3	no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country
2	no doubt
3	that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country
4	this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country
2	this film
3	asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country
3	asks the right questions
2	the right questions
3	right questions
2	at the right time in the history of our country
3	the right time in the history of our country
2	the right time
2	right time
2	in the history of our country
2	the history of our country
2	the history
2	of our country
2	our country
3	If you 've the patience , there are great rewards here .
2	If you 've the patience
2	you 've the patience
2	've the patience
2	the patience
3	, there are great rewards here .
3	there are great rewards here .
3	are great rewards here .
3	are great rewards here
3	are great rewards
4	great rewards
4	As a science fiction movie , `` Minority Report '' astounds .
2	As a science fiction movie
2	a science fiction movie
2	science fiction movie
2	fiction movie
3	, `` Minority Report '' astounds .
4	`` Minority Report '' astounds .
3	Minority Report '' astounds .
2	Minority Report
4	'' astounds .
3	astounds .
2	Watching E.T now , in an era dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas , one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision .
2	Watching E.T now , in an era dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas
2	Watching E.T now ,
2	Watching E.T now
2	Watching E.T
2	in an era dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas
3	an era dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas
2	an era
1	dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas
1	by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas
2	cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas
3	, loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas
3	loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas
3	special-effects-laden extravaganzas
4	, one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision .
2	one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision .
2	is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision .
3	is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision
3	struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision
3	struck less by its lavish grandeur
2	struck less
3	by its lavish grandeur
4	its lavish grandeur
3	lavish grandeur
2	than by its intimacy and precision
3	by its intimacy and precision
3	its intimacy and precision
3	intimacy and precision
2	intimacy and
4	Visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .
3	Visually breathtaking
4	, viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .
4	viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .
4	viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving
4	viscerally exciting
4	, and dramatically moving
3	, and
4	dramatically moving
3	, it 's the very definition of epic adventure .
4	it 's the very definition of epic adventure .
3	's the very definition of epic adventure .
3	's the very definition of epic adventure
4	the very definition of epic adventure
2	the very definition
2	very definition
3	of epic adventure
4	epic adventure
3	Chris Columbus ' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .
2	Chris Columbus ' sequel
2	Chris Columbus '
2	Columbus '
4	is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .
3	is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original
4	faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original
3	faster , livelier and
3	faster , livelier
2	faster ,
4	a good deal funnier than his original
3	a good deal funnier
3	good deal funnier
3	deal funnier
2	than his original
2	his original
1	Watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement .
2	Watching this film , what we feel
2	this film , what we feel
2	this film ,
2	this film
2	what we feel
2	we feel
1	is n't mainly suspense or excitement .
2	is n't mainly suspense or excitement
2	is n't mainly
1	is n't
2	suspense or excitement
2	suspense or
2	The dominant feeling is something like nostalgia . '
2	The dominant feeling
2	dominant feeling
2	is something like nostalgia . '
2	is something like nostalgia .
2	is something like nostalgia
2	something like nostalgia
3	like nostalgia
3	... a great , participatory spectator sport . '
3	a great , participatory spectator sport . '
3	a great
2	, participatory spectator sport . '
2	participatory spectator sport . '
2	participatory spectator
2	sport . '
2	sport .
3	A rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and Japanese animation .
3	A rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and Japanese animation
4	A rather brilliant little cult item :
4	A rather brilliant little cult item
3	rather brilliant little cult item
4	rather brilliant
2	little cult item
2	cult item
3	a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and Japanese animation
2	a pastiche
2	of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and Japanese animation
3	children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and Japanese animation
2	children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and
3	children 's entertainment , superhero comics ,
3	children 's entertainment , superhero comics
2	children 's entertainment ,
2	children 's entertainment
2	children 's
2	superhero comics
2	Japanese animation
2	Believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic , and it is too cute by half .
2	Believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic , and it is too cute by half
2	Believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic , and
2	Believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic ,
3	Believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic
2	so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic
2	fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic
2	fervently in humanity
2	in humanity
1	that it feels almost anachronistic
2	it feels almost anachronistic
2	feels almost anachronistic
1	almost anachronistic
2	it is too cute by half
2	is too cute by half
2	too cute by half
2	cute by half
2	by half
3	But arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
3	arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
2	arriving at a particularly dark moment in history
2	at a particularly dark moment in history
2	a particularly dark moment in history
2	a particularly dark moment
2	particularly dark moment
2	particularly dark
2	in history
2	, it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
2	it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
3	offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
3	offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us
3	flickering reminders of the ties that bind us
2	flickering reminders of the ties
2	flickering reminders
2	of the ties
2	the ties
2	that bind us
1	bind us
2	Adam SANDLER !
2	SANDLER !
3	In an ART FILM !
2	In an ART FILM
3	an ART FILM
3	ART FILM
4	As averse as I usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies , this one got to me .
2	As averse as I usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies
2	averse as I usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies
3	as I usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies
2	I usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies
2	usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies
3	am to feel-good , follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies
3	to feel-good , follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies
2	feel-good , follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies
2	, follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies
2	follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies
2	Hollywood fantasies
2	, this one got to me .
2	this one got to me .
2	this one
2	got to me .
3	got to me
2	to me
1	Stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .
2	seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .
1	seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation
1	to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation
2	have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation
2	a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation
2	a knack
1	for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation
1	wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation
3	wrapping the theater
2	the theater
2	in a cold blanket of urban desperation
2	a cold blanket of urban desperation
1	a cold blanket
1	cold blanket
2	of urban desperation
2	urban desperation
3	... a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations .
3	a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations .
3	a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations
3	a funny yet dark and seedy clash
3	a funny yet dark and
3	a funny yet dark
3	funny yet dark
3	funny yet
1	seedy clash
2	of cultures and generations
2	cultures and generations
2	cultures and
3	The hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight .
3	The hook
2	is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight .
2	is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight
2	is the drama within the drama ,
3	is the drama within the drama
2	the drama within the drama
2	the drama
2	within the drama
2	the drama
2	as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight
1	an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight
2	an unsolved murder and
2	an unsolved murder
2	unsolved murder
2	an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight
2	an unresolved moral conflict jockey
2	unresolved moral conflict jockey
2	moral conflict jockey
2	conflict jockey
2	for the spotlight
3	the spotlight
4	Over the years , Hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and Ice Age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
2	Over the years
2	the years
4	, Hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and Ice Age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
4	Hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and Ice Age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
4	Hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and Ice Age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor
4	Hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and
3	Hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies ,
3	Hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies
3	has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies
4	crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies
4	a solid formula for successful animated movies
3	a solid formula
3	solid formula
2	for successful animated movies
3	successful animated movies
2	animated movies
3	Ice Age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor
2	Ice Age
3	only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor
4	improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor
3	improves on it ,
2	improves on it
3	on it
4	with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor
2	terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor
2	terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and
4	terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences
4	terrific computer graphics ,
4	terrific computer graphics
2	computer graphics
4	inventive action sequences
2	action sequences
2	a droll sense of humor
1	a droll sense
2	droll sense
2	of humor
3	Like Smoke Signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
2	Like Smoke Signals
3	Smoke Signals
3	, the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
4	the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
2	the film
3	is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
2	is also
3	imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
4	with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
3	strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
3	strong themes of familial ties and
3	strong themes of familial ties
3	strong themes
2	of familial ties
2	familial ties
4	spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
3	that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
4	are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
3	powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
4	powerful and moving
3	powerful and
2	without stooping to base melodrama
1	stooping to base melodrama
2	to base melodrama
2	base melodrama
3	One of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society .
2	One of those movies that make us
2	of those movies that make us
2	those movies that make us
2	those movies
2	that make us
2	make us
2	pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society .
3	pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society
2	pause and think
2	pause and
2	of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society
2	what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society
3	we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society
2	have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society
2	given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society
1	given up
3	to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society
3	acquire the fast-paced contemporary society
2	the fast-paced contemporary society
3	fast-paced contemporary society
2	contemporary society
4	One of the most original American productions this year , you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a Sunshine State .
4	One of the most original American productions this year
4	of the most original American productions this year
4	the most original American productions this year
3	the most original American productions
4	most original American productions
2	original American productions
2	American productions
2	this year
3	, you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a Sunshine State .
3	you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a Sunshine State .
3	'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a Sunshine State .
4	'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a Sunshine State
2	find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a Sunshine State
3	yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a Sunshine State
2	remembering this refreshing visit to a Sunshine State
3	remembering this refreshing visit
3	this refreshing visit
3	refreshing visit
3	to a Sunshine State
2	a Sunshine State
2	Sunshine State
4	Melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .
3	Melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold
4	derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold
3	derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always
4	derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and
3	derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting ,
4	derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting
2	derivative elements into something
2	derivative elements
2	into something
4	that is often quite rich and exciting
4	is often quite rich and exciting
2	is often
4	quite rich and exciting
3	rich and exciting
3	rich and
4	a beauty to behold
3	beauty to behold
2	to behold
4	Gives everyone something to shout about .
2	Gives everyone something to shout about
3	Gives everyone something
3	Gives everyone
2	to shout about
2	shout about
2	The entire movie has a truncated feeling , but what 's available is lovely and lovable .
3	The entire movie has a truncated feeling , but what 's available is lovely and lovable
2	The entire movie has a truncated feeling , but
1	The entire movie has a truncated feeling ,
1	The entire movie has a truncated feeling
2	The entire movie
2	entire movie
2	has a truncated feeling
2	a truncated feeling
2	truncated feeling
2	what 's available is lovely and lovable
2	what 's available
2	's available
3	is lovely and lovable
3	lovely and lovable
3	lovely and
4	-LRB- A -RRB- thoughtful , visually graceful work .
3	-LRB- A -RRB- thoughtful , visually graceful
2	-LRB- A -RRB-
2	A -RRB-
3	thoughtful , visually graceful
3	, visually graceful
4	visually graceful
2	work .
4	Admirers of director Abel Ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , R Xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .
2	Admirers of director Abel Ferrara
3	of director Abel Ferrara
2	director Abel Ferrara
2	Abel Ferrara
3	may be relieved that his latest feature , R Xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .
3	may be relieved that his latest feature , R Xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form
3	be relieved that his latest feature , R Xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form
3	relieved that his latest feature , R Xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form
2	that his latest feature , R Xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form
3	his latest feature , R Xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form
2	his latest feature , R Xmas ,
2	his latest feature , R Xmas
2	his latest feature ,
2	his latest feature
2	latest feature
2	R Xmas
3	marks a modest if encouraging return to form
3	marks a modest if encouraging return
2	a modest if encouraging return
2	modest if encouraging return
3	if encouraging return
2	if encouraging
2	to form
4	The slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .
2	The slam-bang superheroics
2	slam-bang superheroics
3	are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .
3	are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters
4	kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters
2	kinetic enough
3	to engross even the most antsy youngsters
3	engross even the most antsy youngsters
3	engross even
2	the most antsy youngsters
3	most antsy youngsters
2	most antsy
4	A worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .
4	A worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions
2	A worthy addition
3	worthy addition
2	to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions
2	the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions
3	the cinematic canon ,
3	the cinematic canon
2	cinematic canon
2	which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions
1	, at last count , numbered 52 different versions
2	at last count , numbered 52 different versions
2	at last count
3	last count
2	, numbered 52 different versions
2	numbered 52 different versions
2	52 different versions
2	different versions
3	Deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant .
1	mean-spirited and wryly observant .
1	mean-spirited and wryly
1	mean-spirited and
3	observant .
3	The kind of primal storytelling that George Lucas can only dream of .
3	The kind of primal storytelling that George Lucas can only dream of
2	The kind
2	of primal storytelling that George Lucas can only dream of
3	primal storytelling that George Lucas can only dream of
2	primal storytelling
3	that George Lucas can only dream of
2	George Lucas can only dream of
2	George Lucas
2	can only dream of
2	can only
3	dream of
3	Even if The Ring has a familiar ring , it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for Hollywood horror .
2	Even if The Ring has a familiar ring
2	if The Ring has a familiar ring
2	The Ring has a familiar ring
2	The Ring
2	has a familiar ring
2	a familiar ring
2	familiar ring
3	, it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for Hollywood horror .
3	it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for Hollywood horror .
4	's still unusually crafty and intelligent for Hollywood horror .
3	's still unusually crafty and intelligent for Hollywood horror
2	's still
3	unusually crafty and intelligent for Hollywood horror
4	unusually crafty and intelligent
4	crafty and intelligent
3	crafty and
2	for Hollywood horror
1	Hollywood horror
3	The sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame .
3	The sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other --
4	The sheer joy and pride
3	sheer joy and pride
3	joy and pride
2	joy and
2	they took in their work -- and in each other --
2	took in their work -- and in each other --
2	in their work -- and in each other --
2	in their work
2	their work
2	-- and in each other --
2	-- and in each other
2	-- and
2	in each other
2	each other
3	shines through every frame .
4	shines through every frame
2	through every frame
2	every frame
3	A solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration .
3	A solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration
4	A solidly constructed , entertaining thriller
4	solidly constructed , entertaining thriller
3	solidly constructed
4	, entertaining thriller
3	entertaining thriller
2	that stops short of true inspiration
2	stops short of true inspiration
3	short of true inspiration
4	of true inspiration
3	true inspiration
3	The cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting Mick Jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .
3	The cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting Mick Jagger as director of the escort service was inspired
2	The cast ...
2	The cast
3	keeps this pretty watchable , and casting Mick Jagger as director of the escort service was inspired
3	keeps this pretty watchable , and
3	keeps this pretty watchable ,
3	keeps this pretty watchable
3	this pretty watchable
3	pretty watchable
3	casting Mick Jagger as director of the escort service was inspired
2	casting Mick Jagger
2	Mick Jagger
3	as director of the escort service was inspired
2	director of the escort service was inspired
2	director of the escort service
2	of the escort service
2	the escort service
2	escort service
3	was inspired
3	An entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie .
2	An entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action
3	entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action
3	entertaining , if somewhat standardized ,
2	, if somewhat standardized ,
3	if somewhat standardized ,
2	somewhat standardized ,
2	standardized ,
2	movie .
3	It has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .
3	has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .
4	has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out
4	has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just
3	has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story
4	a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story
3	a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and
4	a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ;
2	a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery
3	a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ;
3	a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair
2	a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ;
3	a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights
3	a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ;
3	a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain
3	a dashing and resourceful hero ;
3	a dashing and resourceful hero
3	dashing and resourceful hero
3	and resourceful hero
3	resourceful hero
2	a lisping , reptilian villain
2	lisping , reptilian villain
2	, reptilian villain
2	reptilian villain
2	big fights
2	big hair
3	lavish period scenery
2	period scenery
2	a story
3	complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out
3	enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out
3	to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out
3	let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out
3	you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out
2	bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out
3	bask in your own cleverness
2	in your own cleverness
3	your own cleverness
2	own cleverness
2	as you figure it out
2	you figure it out
2	figure it out
2	figure it
4	An enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... The Château is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .
3	An enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... The Château
4	An enjoyable comedy
4	enjoyable comedy
2	of lingual and cultural differences ... The Château
2	lingual and cultural differences ... The Château
2	lingual and cultural differences ...
2	lingual and cultural differences
2	lingual and cultural
2	lingual and
2	The Château
3	is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .
3	is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten
4	a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten
4	a film -- full of life and small delights --
2	a film
3	-- full of life and small delights --
4	full of life and small delights --
4	full of life and small delights
3	of life and small delights
3	life and small delights
3	and small delights
3	small delights
2	that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten
3	has all the wiggling energy of young kitten
2	all the wiggling energy of young kitten
3	all the wiggling energy
2	the wiggling energy
3	wiggling energy
2	of young kitten
2	young kitten
4	Intriguing and downright intoxicating .
4	Intriguing and downright intoxicating
2	and downright intoxicating
4	downright intoxicating
3	An incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .
3	An incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief
4	An incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture
4	incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture
4	incredibly thoughtful
2	, deeply meditative picture
4	deeply meditative picture
3	deeply meditative
3	that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief
3	neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief
3	neatly and effectively
2	neatly and
3	captures the debilitating grief
2	the debilitating grief
2	debilitating grief
2	felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .
2	felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks
3	in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks
1	the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks
3	the immediate aftermath
2	immediate aftermath
2	of the terrorist attacks
2	the terrorist attacks
0	terrorist attacks
4	With an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera , Hélène Angel is definitely a director to watch .
3	With an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera
3	an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera
3	an obvious rapport with her actors and
4	an obvious rapport with her actors
2	an obvious rapport
2	obvious rapport
3	with her actors
2	her actors
3	a striking style behind the camera
3	a striking style
4	striking style
2	behind the camera
2	the camera
4	, Hélène Angel is definitely a director to watch .
3	Hélène Angel is definitely a director to watch .
2	Hélène Angel
4	is definitely a director to watch .
4	is definitely a director to watch
2	is definitely
3	a director to watch
3	director to watch
2	to watch
4	... could easily be called the best Korean film of 2002 .
4	could easily be called the best Korean film of 2002 .
4	could easily be called the best Korean film of 2002
2	could easily
4	be called the best Korean film of 2002
3	called the best Korean film of 2002
4	the best Korean film of 2002
4	the best Korean film
4	best Korean film
2	best Korean
2	of 2002
4	Full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing .
4	Full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing
2	Full of detail about the man and his country , and
2	Full of detail about the man and his country ,
2	Full of detail about the man and his country
3	Full of detail
2	of detail
2	about the man and his country
2	the man and his country
3	the man and
3	the man
2	his country
4	is well worth seeing
3	is well
3	worth seeing
3	The banter between Calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise McLaughlin Group ... and never fails to entertain .
2	The banter between Calvin and his fellow barbers
2	The banter
2	between Calvin and his fellow barbers
2	Calvin and his fellow barbers
2	Calvin and
2	his fellow barbers
2	fellow barbers
3	feels like a streetwise McLaughlin Group ... and never fails to entertain .
3	feels like a streetwise McLaughlin Group ... and never fails to entertain
2	feels like a streetwise McLaughlin Group ... and
2	feels like a streetwise McLaughlin Group ...
2	feels like a streetwise McLaughlin Group
2	like a streetwise McLaughlin Group
3	a streetwise McLaughlin Group
2	streetwise McLaughlin Group
2	McLaughlin Group
4	never fails to entertain
0	fails to entertain
3	to entertain
1	Thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic .
2	Thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic
3	Thoroughly engrossing and
4	Thoroughly engrossing
1	ultimately tragic
4	Peter Jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime Tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want .
4	Peter Jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime Tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte
4	Peter Jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us ,
4	Peter Jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us
2	Peter Jackson and
2	Peter Jackson
4	company once again dazzle and delight us
4	once again dazzle and delight us
4	again dazzle and delight us
3	dazzle and delight us
2	dazzle and delight
2	dazzle and
4	fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime Tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte
3	practically every expectation either a longtime Tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte
2	practically every expectation
2	every expectation
2	either a longtime Tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte
2	a longtime Tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte
2	a longtime Tolkien fan or
3	a longtime Tolkien fan
2	longtime Tolkien fan
2	Tolkien fan
2	a movie-going neophyte
2	movie-going neophyte
2	could want .
2	could want
4	Bill Morrison 's Decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .
3	Bill Morrison 's Decasia
2	Bill Morrison 's
2	Morrison 's
3	is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .
3	is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful
3	uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful
1	uncompromising , difficult and
1	uncompromising , difficult
2	uncompromising ,
4	unbearably beautiful
1	Full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , Time Out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
2	Full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots
1	of bland hotels , highways , parking lots
1	bland hotels , highways , parking lots
2	bland hotels ,
1	bland hotels
2	highways , parking lots
2	highways ,
2	parking lots
1	, with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , Time Out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
2	with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , Time Out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
3	with some glimpses of nature and family warmth
3	some glimpses of nature and family warmth
2	some glimpses
3	of nature and family warmth
3	nature and family warmth
2	and family warmth
3	family warmth
2	, Time Out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
2	Time Out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
1	Time Out
1	is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
2	is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life
2	a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life
1	a discreet moan
2	discreet moan
3	of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life
2	despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life
2	about entrapment in the maze of modern life
3	entrapment in the maze of modern life
2	in the maze of modern life
2	the maze of modern life
2	the maze
3	of modern life
2	modern life
3	Even with all its botches , Enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .
2	Even with all its botches
1	with all its botches
2	all its botches
1	its botches
3	, Enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .
4	Enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .
4	offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .
3	offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment
3	all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment
2	all the pleasure
3	the pleasure
4	of a handsome and well-made entertainment
4	a handsome and well-made entertainment
4	handsome and well-made entertainment
4	and well-made entertainment
3	well-made entertainment
3	His work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .
2	His work
3	transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .
3	transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories
2	the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories
2	the boy-meets-girl posturing
2	boy-meets-girl posturing
2	of typical love stories
2	typical love stories
2	love stories
4	If the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .
3	If the real-life story is genuinely inspirational
3	the real-life story is genuinely inspirational
2	the real-life story
3	real-life story
4	is genuinely inspirational
4	genuinely inspirational
3	, the movie stirs us as well .
3	the movie stirs us as well .
2	the movie
3	stirs us as well .
3	stirs us as well
3	stirs us
2	as well
3	An ebullient Tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .
4	An ebullient Tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing
2	An ebullient Tunisian film
3	ebullient Tunisian film
2	Tunisian film
3	about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing
2	the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing
2	the startling transformation
2	startling transformation
2	of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing
3	a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing
2	a tradition-bound widow
2	tradition-bound widow
3	who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing
2	is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing
3	drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing
2	into the exotic world of belly dancing
2	the exotic world of belly dancing
3	the exotic world
2	exotic world
2	of belly dancing
2	belly dancing
2	The dramatic crisis does n't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously , but Huppert 's volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience .
3	The dramatic crisis does n't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously , but Huppert 's volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience
1	The dramatic crisis does n't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously , but
1	The dramatic crisis does n't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously ,
1	The dramatic crisis does n't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously
2	The dramatic crisis
2	dramatic crisis
1	does n't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously
2	does n't always
1	does n't
3	succeed in its quest to be taken seriously
2	in its quest to be taken seriously
2	its quest to be taken seriously
2	quest to be taken seriously
3	to be taken seriously
2	be taken seriously
3	taken seriously
4	Huppert 's volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience
2	Huppert 's volatile performance
2	Huppert 's
3	volatile performance
3	makes for a riveting movie experience
4	for a riveting movie experience
3	a riveting movie experience
4	riveting movie experience
2	movie experience
2	Highly irritating at first , Mr. Koury 's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results .
1	Highly irritating at first
1	irritating at first
2	at first
3	, Mr. Koury 's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results .
3	Mr. Koury 's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results .
2	Mr. Koury 's passive technique
2	Mr. Koury 's
3	Koury 's
2	passive technique
3	eventually begins to yield some interesting results .
3	begins to yield some interesting results .
3	begins to yield some interesting results
3	to yield some interesting results
2	yield some interesting results
3	some interesting results
3	interesting results
3	About Schmidt belongs to Nicholson .
2	About Schmidt
2	belongs to Nicholson .
3	belongs to Nicholson
2	to Nicholson
2	Gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances .
3	are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances .
2	are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances
3	the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances
3	the flamboyant mannerisms
3	flamboyant mannerisms
2	that are the trademark of several of his performances
2	are the trademark of several of his performances
3	the trademark of several of his performances
2	the trademark
2	of several of his performances
2	several of his performances
2	of his performances
2	his performances
2	As Schmidt , Nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .
2	As Schmidt
3	, Nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .
3	Nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .
3	walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .
3	walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance
2	walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and
2	walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully
2	walks with a slow , deliberate gait ,
1	walks with a slow , deliberate gait
2	with a slow , deliberate gait
1	a slow , deliberate gait
1	slow , deliberate gait
2	slow , deliberate
2	, deliberate
3	chooses his words carefully
2	chooses his words
2	his words
1	subdues his natural exuberance
2	his natural exuberance
2	natural exuberance
3	The powder blues and sun-splashed whites of Tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .
2	The powder blues and sun-splashed whites of Tunis
2	The powder blues and
2	The powder blues
3	powder blues
2	sun-splashed whites of Tunis
3	sun-splashed whites
2	of Tunis
3	make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .
2	make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs
3	an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs
3	an alluring backdrop
2	alluring backdrop
3	for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs
3	this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs
4	this sensuous and spirited tale
3	sensuous and spirited tale
4	sensuous and spirited
3	sensuous and
2	of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs
2	a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs
2	a prim widow
2	prim widow
2	who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs
2	finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs
2	an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs
2	an unlikely release
2	unlikely release
2	in belly-dancing clubs
2	belly-dancing clubs
1	It does n't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity .
2	It does n't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity
2	It does n't make for great cinema , but
1	It does n't make for great cinema ,
0	It does n't make for great cinema
0	does n't make for great cinema
1	does n't
3	make for great cinema
3	for great cinema
4	great cinema
3	it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity
3	is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity
3	interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity
3	to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity
2	see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity
3	where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity
3	one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity
2	one 's imagination
2	one 's
3	will lead when given the opportunity
2	lead when given the opportunity
2	when given the opportunity
2	given the opportunity
2	the opportunity
2	It 's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon .
2	's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon .
2	's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon
2	's sobering ,
2	's sobering
2	particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon
2	if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon
2	anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon
2	still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon
2	thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon
2	this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon
3	this conflict
2	can be resolved easily , or soon
2	be resolved easily , or soon
1	resolved easily , or soon
2	resolved easily
2	, or soon
2	, or
3	If it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch .
1	If it 's not entirely memorable
1	it 's not entirely memorable
1	's not entirely memorable
2	's not
4	entirely memorable
3	, the movie is certainly easy to watch .
3	the movie is certainly easy to watch .
2	the movie
4	is certainly easy to watch .
3	is certainly easy to watch
2	is certainly
3	easy to watch
2	to watch
4	... by the time it 's done with us , Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .
4	by the time it 's done with us , Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .
4	by the time it 's done with us , Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over
4	by the time it 's done with us , Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery ,
3	by the time it 's done with us , Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery
1	by the time it 's done with us ,
2	by the time it 's done with us
2	by the time
2	the time
2	it 's done with us
2	's done with us
2	done with us
3	with us
3	Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery
2	Mira Nair 's new movie
2	Mira Nair 's
2	Nair 's
2	new movie
3	has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery
3	its audience giddy with the delight of discovery
3	its audience giddy
2	audience giddy
3	with the delight of discovery
3	the delight of discovery
2	the delight
3	of discovery
2	of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over
2	having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over
3	been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over
2	immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over
3	immersed in a foreign culture only
2	in a foreign culture only
2	a foreign culture only
1	foreign culture only
2	culture only
2	to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over
2	find that human nature is pretty much the same all over
2	that human nature is pretty much the same all over
2	human nature is pretty much the same all over
3	human nature
1	is pretty much the same all over
2	is pretty much
2	pretty much
2	the same all over
2	the same
2	all over
4	Best indie of the year , so far .
3	indie of the year , so far .
4	indie of the year , so far
3	indie of the year ,
3	indie of the year
2	of the year
2	the year
2	so far
4	-LRB- Ferrera -RRB- has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
1	-LRB- Ferrera -RRB-
2	Ferrera -RRB-
3	has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
4	has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen
3	the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen
3	the charisma
3	of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen
3	a young woman who knows how to hold the screen
2	a young woman
2	young woman
3	who knows how to hold the screen
3	knows how to hold the screen
2	how to hold the screen
2	to hold the screen
2	hold the screen
2	the screen
3	... the plot weaves us into a complex web .
3	the plot weaves us into a complex web .
2	the plot
3	weaves us into a complex web .
3	weaves us into a complex web
2	weaves us
2	into a complex web
3	a complex web
2	complex web
3	Do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .
2	Do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going
2	Do n't judge this one too soon -
3	Do n't judge this one too soon
1	Do n't
2	judge this one too soon
2	judge this one
2	this one
2	too soon
2	it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going
3	it 's a dark , gritty story but
2	it 's a dark , gritty story
3	's a dark , gritty story
2	a dark , gritty story
2	dark , gritty story
2	, gritty story
2	gritty story
3	it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going
2	takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going
3	takes off in totally unexpected directions and
3	takes off in totally unexpected directions
2	takes off
2	in totally unexpected directions
3	totally unexpected directions
2	totally unexpected
2	keeps on going
2	on going
3	In Death to Smoochy , we do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
2	In Death to Smoochy
2	Death to Smoochy
2	to Smoochy
3	, we do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
1	we do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
2	we do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing
1	we do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and
0	we do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile ,
2	we do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile
1	do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile
2	do n't
2	get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile
1	Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile
2	Williams ' usual tear and
2	Williams ' usual tear
2	Williams '
3	usual tear
1	a smile , just sneers and bile
2	a smile , just sneers and
2	a smile , just sneers
2	a smile ,
3	a smile
1	just sneers
2	the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing
3	the spectacle
4	is nothing short of refreshing
3	nothing short of refreshing
2	short of refreshing
2	of refreshing
2	A serviceable Euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom -- handguns , BMWs and seaside chateaus .
3	A serviceable Euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom -- handguns , BMWs and seaside chateaus
3	A serviceable Euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom --
3	A serviceable Euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom
3	A serviceable Euro-trash action extravaganza ,
2	A serviceable Euro-trash action extravaganza
2	serviceable Euro-trash action extravaganza
2	Euro-trash action extravaganza
3	action extravaganza
3	with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom
3	a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom
4	a decent sense of humor and plenty
2	a decent sense
3	decent sense
3	of humor and plenty
3	humor and plenty
3	humor and
2	of things that go boom
2	things that go boom
2	that go boom
1	go boom
2	handguns , BMWs and seaside chateaus
2	handguns , BMWs and
2	handguns , BMWs
2	handguns ,
2	seaside chateaus
3	Fortunately , Elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
3	, Elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
4	Elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
4	never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
3	gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
3	gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry
1	gets too cloying
2	too cloying
3	thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry
4	to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry
4	the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry
3	the actors ' perfect comic timing and
4	the actors ' perfect comic timing
2	the actors '
2	actors '
4	perfect comic timing
2	comic timing
3	sweet , genuine chemistry
4	sweet , genuine
4	, genuine
3	If you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart .
2	If you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before
2	you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before
1	've grown tired of going where no man has gone before
1	grown tired of going where no man has gone before
1	tired of going where no man has gone before
2	of going where no man has gone before
3	going where no man has gone before
2	where no man has gone before
2	no man has gone before
2	no man
2	has gone before
2	gone before
2	, but several movies have - take heart .
2	but several movies have - take heart .
2	but several movies have - take heart
2	but several movies have -
2	but several movies have
2	several movies have
2	several movies
3	take heart
4	This is the best Star Trek movie in a long time .
4	is the best Star Trek movie in a long time .
4	is the best Star Trek movie in a long time
4	the best Star Trek movie in a long time
4	the best Star Trek movie
3	best Star Trek movie
2	Star Trek movie
2	Trek movie
2	in a long time
2	a long time
2	long time
4	Greg Kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .
2	Greg Kinnear
3	gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .
3	gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior
3	a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior
3	a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict
3	a mesmerizing performance
4	mesmerizing performance
2	as a full-fledged sex addict
2	a full-fledged sex addict
2	full-fledged sex addict
2	sex addict
1	who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior
2	is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior
2	in complete denial about his obsessive behavior
1	complete denial about his obsessive behavior
2	complete denial
2	about his obsessive behavior
2	his obsessive behavior
2	obsessive behavior
4	Not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece .
3	Not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece
2	Not only
4	a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece
2	a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also
2	a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable ,
3	a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable
3	a coming-of-age story and
2	a coming-of-age story
2	coming-of-age story
2	cautionary parable
2	but also
3	a perfectly rendered period piece
3	perfectly rendered period piece
3	perfectly rendered
2	period piece
3	ou 've got to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane .
4	've got to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane .
3	've got to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane
4	got to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane
2	to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane
4	love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane
3	love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and
3	love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has ,
3	love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has
2	love a Disney pic with as little cleavage
3	love a Disney pic
3	a Disney pic
2	Disney pic
2	with as little cleavage
3	as little cleavage
1	little cleavage
2	as this one has
2	this one has
2	this one
3	a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane
3	a heroine as feisty and
2	a heroine as feisty
3	a heroine
2	as feisty
2	principled as Jane
2	as Jane
4	A funny , triumphant , and moving documentary .
4	A funny , triumphant , and moving documentary
4	A funny , triumphant , and
2	A funny , triumphant ,
4	funny , triumphant ,
4	, triumphant ,
3	triumphant ,
3	moving documentary
3	Lathan and Diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .
3	Lathan and Diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest
3	Lathan and Diggs carry the film with their charisma , and
2	Lathan and Diggs carry the film with their charisma ,
3	Lathan and Diggs carry the film with their charisma
2	Lathan and Diggs
2	Lathan and
4	carry the film with their charisma
3	the film with their charisma
2	the film
3	with their charisma
3	their charisma
2	both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest
3	exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest
3	sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest
3	sharp comic timing
2	comic timing
2	that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest
2	makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest
1	the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest
1	the more hackneyed elements of the film
2	the more hackneyed elements
1	more hackneyed elements
1	more hackneyed
2	of the film
2	the film
3	easier to digest
2	to digest
3	About Schmidt is Nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear .
2	About Schmidt
3	is Nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear .
3	is Nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear
3	Nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear
2	Nicholson 's
4	goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear
3	, heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear
4	heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear
2	, mesmerizing King Lear
2	mesmerizing King Lear
3	King Lear
3	A confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design .
3	A confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design
2	A confluence
3	of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design
3	kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design
3	kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and
3	kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit
3	kiddie entertainment ,
2	kiddie entertainment
4	sophisticated wit
3	symbolic graphic design
2	graphic design
4	Gay or straight , Kissing Jessica Stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
2	Gay or straight
2	Gay or
4	, Kissing Jessica Stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
4	Kissing Jessica Stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
2	Kissing Jessica Stein
2	Jessica Stein
4	is one of the greatest date movies in years .
4	is one of the greatest date movies in years
4	one of the greatest date movies in years
4	of the greatest date movies in years
4	the greatest date movies in years
3	the greatest date movies
4	greatest date movies
2	date movies
2	in years
4	This is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .
3	This is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope
4	This is a movie full of grace and ,
4	This is a movie full of grace and
4	This is a movie full of grace
3	is a movie full of grace
4	a movie full of grace
2	a movie
4	full of grace
3	of grace
2	ultimately , hope
2	, hope
4	Even better than the first one !
3	Even better than the first one
3	Even better
2	than the first one
2	the first one
2	first one
3	Its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .
4	Its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable
3	Its compelling mix
3	compelling mix
2	of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable
4	trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable
2	trial movie , escape movie and
2	trial movie , escape movie
2	trial movie ,
3	trial movie
2	escape movie
3	unexpected fable
3	ensures the film never feels draggy .
3	ensures the film never feels draggy
3	the film never feels draggy
2	the film
3	never feels draggy
1	feels draggy
4	A must see for all sides of the political spectrum
3	must see for all sides of the political spectrum
2	see for all sides of the political spectrum
2	for all sides of the political spectrum
2	all sides of the political spectrum
3	all sides
2	of the political spectrum
2	the political spectrum
2	political spectrum
4	-LRB- Reynolds -RRB- takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .
2	-LRB- Reynolds -RRB-
2	Reynolds -RRB-
4	takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .
4	takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
3	takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and
4	takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors
2	takes a classic story ,
3	takes a classic story
3	a classic story
3	classic story
3	casts attractive and talented actors
4	attractive and talented actors
4	attractive and talented
3	attractive and
4	uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
4	a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
4	magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
3	landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
4	to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
4	create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
4	a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
2	a feature film
2	feature film
4	that is wickedly fun to watch
3	is wickedly fun to watch
4	is wickedly fun
4	wickedly fun
2	to watch
2	There are problems with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome , but it 's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling .
3	There are problems with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome , but it 's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling
0	There are problems with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome , but
1	There are problems with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome ,
0	There are problems with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome
1	are problems with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome
0	problems with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome
1	with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome
2	this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome
2	this film
1	that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome
2	even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome
3	even 3 Oscar winners
3	3 Oscar winners
3	Oscar winners
2	ca n't overcome
2	ca n't
3	it 's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling
3	's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling
3	's a nice girl-buddy movie
4	a nice girl-buddy movie
3	nice girl-buddy movie
2	girl-buddy movie
2	once it gets rock-n-rolling
3	it gets rock-n-rolling
3	gets rock-n-rolling
3	Rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .
3	Rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world
2	in atmosphere of the post-war art world
2	atmosphere of the post-war art world
2	of the post-war art world
2	the post-war art world
3	post-war art world
2	art world
3	, it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .
2	it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .
3	manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .
3	manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust
2	to instruct without reeking of research library dust
2	instruct without reeking of research library dust
3	without reeking of research library dust
1	reeking of research library dust
2	of research library dust
1	research library dust
2	library dust
3	Has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .
3	Has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke
3	the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke
3	rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke
3	capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke
3	to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke
2	soothe and break your heart with a single stroke
2	soothe and break your heart
3	soothe and break
2	soothe and
2	your heart
2	with a single stroke
2	a single stroke
2	single stroke
3	It rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .
3	rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .
2	develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .
3	develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide
3	into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide
2	a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide
2	a gut-wrenching examination
3	gut-wrenching examination
2	of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide
2	the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide
2	the way
2	cultural differences and emotional expectations collide
2	cultural differences and emotional expectations
2	cultural differences and
3	cultural differences
2	emotional expectations
2	Though it flirts with bathos and pathos and the further Oprahfication of the world as we know it , it still cuts all the way down to broken bone .
2	Though it flirts with bathos and pathos and the further Oprahfication of the world as we know it
2	it flirts with bathos and pathos and the further Oprahfication of the world as we know it
1	flirts with bathos and pathos and the further Oprahfication of the world as we know it
2	flirts with bathos and pathos and the further Oprahfication of the world
1	with bathos and pathos and the further Oprahfication of the world
2	bathos and pathos and the further Oprahfication of the world
2	bathos and pathos and
2	bathos and pathos
2	bathos and
1	the further Oprahfication of the world
2	the further Oprahfication
1	further Oprahfication
2	of the world
2	the world
2	as we know it
2	we know it
2	know it
1	, it still cuts all the way down to broken bone .
1	it still cuts all the way down to broken bone .
3	still cuts all the way down to broken bone .
1	still cuts all the way down to broken bone
2	cuts all the way down to broken bone
2	cuts all the way down
2	cuts all the way
3	all the way
2	the way
2	to broken bone
2	broken bone
3	This humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of Zhao Benshan and the delicate ways of Dong Jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . '
3	This humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of Zhao Benshan and the delicate ways of Dong Jie ,
3	This humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of Zhao Benshan and the delicate ways of Dong Jie
3	This humbling little film ,
2	This humbling little film
3	humbling little film
2	little film
3	fueled by the light comedic work of Zhao Benshan and the delicate ways of Dong Jie
2	by the light comedic work of Zhao Benshan and the delicate ways of Dong Jie
3	the light comedic work of Zhao Benshan and the delicate ways of Dong Jie
2	the light comedic work of Zhao Benshan and
2	the light comedic work of Zhao Benshan
3	the light comedic work
2	light comedic work
2	comedic work
2	of Zhao Benshan
2	Zhao Benshan
2	the delicate ways of Dong Jie
2	the delicate ways
2	delicate ways
2	of Dong Jie
2	Dong Jie
2	is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . '
3	is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore .
2	is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore
2	is just
3	the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore
2	the sort
1	for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore
2	those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore
2	those moviegoers
2	who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore
1	complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore
1	that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore
1	` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore
2	` they
1	do n't make movies like they used to anymore
2	do n't
2	make movies like they used to anymore
2	make movies
2	like they used to anymore
3	they used to anymore
2	used to anymore
2	to anymore
2	It will break your heart many times over .
3	will break your heart many times over .
3	will break your heart many times over
2	break your heart many times over
2	break your heart many times
2	break your heart
2	your heart
2	many times
4	A straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given .
3	A straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they
3	A straight-shooting family film
3	straight-shooting family film
2	family film
3	which awards animals the respect they
3	awards animals the respect they
2	animals the respect they
3	the respect they
2	the respect
2	've rarely been given .
2	've rarely been given
2	've rarely
2	been given
2	Overall , interesting as a documentary -- but not very Imaxy .
3	, interesting as a documentary -- but not very Imaxy .
2	interesting as a documentary -- but not very Imaxy .
2	interesting as a documentary -- but not very Imaxy
1	as a documentary -- but not very Imaxy
2	a documentary -- but not very Imaxy
2	a documentary
1	-- but not very Imaxy
1	but not very Imaxy
2	not very Imaxy
2	not very
4	This is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it .
4	This is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it
3	This is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and
3	This is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ...
2	This is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences
3	is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences
2	one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences
2	one of those war movies
2	of those war movies
2	those war movies
1	war movies
2	that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences
2	focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences
3	on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences
2	human interaction rather than battle and action sequences
2	human interaction rather than
2	human interaction
2	rather than
2	battle and action sequences
2	and action sequences
2	action sequences
3	it 's all the stronger because of it
3	's all the stronger because of it
3	all the stronger because of it
3	all the stronger
2	the stronger
2	because of it
2	of it
2	`` Secretary '' is owned by its costars , Spader and Gyllenhaal .
3	Secretary '' is owned by its costars , Spader and Gyllenhaal .
3	'' is owned by its costars , Spader and Gyllenhaal .
3	is owned by its costars , Spader and Gyllenhaal .
2	is owned by its costars , Spader and Gyllenhaal
2	owned by its costars , Spader and Gyllenhaal
2	by its costars , Spader and Gyllenhaal
2	its costars , Spader and Gyllenhaal
2	its costars , Spader and
3	its costars , Spader
2	its costars ,
2	its costars
4	Maggie G. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
2	Maggie G.
4	makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
4	makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen
3	makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and
4	makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role
4	makes an amazing breakthrough
4	an amazing breakthrough
4	amazing breakthrough
2	in her first starring role
2	her first starring role
2	first starring role
2	starring role
4	eats up the screen
2	eats up
2	the screen
3	The film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .
2	The film
3	fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .
4	fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality
4	into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality
3	a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality
2	a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself ,
2	a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself
2	a genre
3	that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself
2	has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself
1	has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet
1	has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and
1	has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches ,
1	has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches
1	has been overexposed ,
1	has been overexposed
2	been overexposed
1	redolent of a thousand cliches
1	of a thousand cliches
2	a thousand cliches
1	thousand cliches
3	remains uniquely itself
3	uniquely itself
4	vibrant with originality
3	with originality
4	Not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
2	Not only
3	is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
4	is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import
2	is it
3	a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import
4	charming , funny and beautifully crafted import
4	charming , funny and beautifully
3	, funny and beautifully
2	funny and beautifully
3	funny and
3	crafted import
3	, it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
3	it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
2	it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time
2	uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time
2	uses very little dialogue ,
1	uses very little dialogue
2	very little dialogue
2	very little
3	making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time
2	it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time
2	relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time
2	relatively effortless
2	to read and follow the action at the same time
2	read and follow the action at the same time
2	read and follow the action
2	read and follow
2	read and
2	the action
2	at the same time
2	the same time
2	same time
2	The kind of sense of humor that derives from a workman 's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant need to constantly draw attention to itself .
3	The kind of sense of humor that derives from a workman 's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant
2	The kind
3	of sense of humor that derives from a workman 's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant
2	sense of humor that derives from a workman 's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant
3	sense of humor
2	of humor
3	that derives from a workman 's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant
2	derives from a workman 's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant
2	from a workman 's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant
2	a workman 's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant
2	a workman 's grasp
2	a workman 's
1	workman 's
3	of pun and entendre and its attendant
2	pun and entendre and its attendant
2	pun and entendre and
2	pun and entendre
2	pun and
2	its attendant
3	need to constantly draw attention to itself .
2	need to constantly draw attention to itself
2	to constantly draw attention to itself
2	constantly draw attention to itself
3	draw attention to itself
3	draw attention
2	to itself
1	Too much of Storytelling moves away from Solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries .
1	Too much of Storytelling
2	Too much
2	of Storytelling
2	moves away from Solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries .
2	moves away from Solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries
2	moves away from Solondz 's social critique ,
2	moves away from Solondz 's social critique
2	moves away
2	from Solondz 's social critique
2	Solondz 's social critique
2	Solondz 's
2	social critique
2	casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries
2	casting its audience
2	its audience
2	as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries
2	that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries
3	of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries
3	intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries
2	intellectual lector
2	in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries
2	contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries
2	of the auteur 's professional injuries
2	the auteur 's professional injuries
2	the auteur 's
2	auteur 's
2	professional injuries
2	The story is virtually impossible to follow here , but there 's a certain style and wit to the dialogue .
2	The story is virtually impossible to follow here , but there 's a certain style and wit to the dialogue
1	The story is virtually impossible to follow here , but
1	The story is virtually impossible to follow here ,
1	The story is virtually impossible to follow here
2	The story
1	is virtually impossible to follow here
1	is virtually impossible
1	virtually impossible
2	to follow here
2	follow here
3	there 's a certain style and wit to the dialogue
3	's a certain style and wit to the dialogue
3	a certain style and wit to the dialogue
3	a certain style and wit
3	certain style and wit
3	style and wit
3	style and
2	to the dialogue
2	the dialogue
4	The music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and Italy beckons us all .
4	The music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and Italy beckons us all
4	The music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and
3	The music makes a nice album , the food is enticing
3	The music makes a nice album ,
3	The music makes a nice album
2	The music
3	makes a nice album
4	a nice album
3	nice album
3	the food is enticing
2	the food
3	is enticing
2	Italy beckons us all
3	beckons us all
3	us all
1	The film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose .
3	The film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose
2	The film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but
2	The film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo ,
3	The film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo
2	The film
2	is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo
3	an earnest try at beachcombing verismo
2	an earnest try
2	earnest try
2	at beachcombing verismo
2	beachcombing verismo
2	it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose
2	would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose
2	be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose
3	even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose
1	even more indistinct
2	more indistinct
2	than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose
3	it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose
3	is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose
3	were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose
2	were it
3	not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose
3	for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose
3	the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose
3	the striking , quietly vulnerable personality
3	striking , quietly vulnerable personality
2	, quietly vulnerable personality
2	quietly vulnerable personality
3	quietly vulnerable
2	of Ms. Ambrose
2	Ms. Ambrose
4	The film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .
2	The film
3	is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .
3	is small in scope , yet perfectly formed
3	small in scope , yet perfectly formed
2	small in scope , yet
1	small in scope ,
2	small in scope
2	in scope
4	perfectly formed
4	Jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .
3	has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .
4	has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama
4	delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama
4	a solidly entertaining and moving family drama
4	solidly entertaining and moving family drama
4	solidly entertaining and moving
4	entertaining and moving
3	entertaining and
3	family drama
3	Happy Times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .
2	Happy Times
3	maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .
3	maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it
3	maintains an appealing veneer
3	an appealing veneer
3	appealing veneer
2	without becoming too cute about it
1	becoming too cute about it
2	becoming too cute
2	too cute
2	about it
2	Oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition .
2	seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition .
2	seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition
2	to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition
2	pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition
2	pursue silent film representation
2	silent film representation
2	film representation
1	with every mournful composition
1	every mournful composition
2	mournful composition
2	One of the pleasures in Walter 's documentary ... is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject 's mysterious personality without ever explaining him .
3	One of the pleasures in Walter 's documentary
3	of the pleasures in Walter 's documentary
3	the pleasures in Walter 's documentary
2	the pleasures
2	in Walter 's documentary
2	Walter 's documentary
2	Walter 's
1	... is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject 's mysterious personality without ever explaining him .
2	is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject 's mysterious personality without ever explaining him .
2	is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject 's mysterious personality without ever explaining him
2	the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject 's mysterious personality without ever explaining him
2	the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and
2	the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers ,
2	the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers
2	the parade of veteran painters ,
2	the parade of veteran painters
3	the parade
2	of veteran painters
2	veteran painters
2	confounded dealers
1	miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject 's mysterious personality without ever explaining him
1	miscellaneous bohos
2	who expound upon the subject 's mysterious personality without ever explaining him
2	expound upon the subject 's mysterious personality without ever explaining him
2	expound upon the subject 's mysterious personality
2	upon the subject 's mysterious personality
2	the subject 's mysterious personality
2	the subject 's
2	subject 's
3	mysterious personality
2	without ever explaining him
2	ever explaining him
2	explaining him
3	Captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .
4	Captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world
3	Captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish
2	all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish
2	all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and
2	all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages
2	all the longing , anguish and ache ,
2	all the longing , anguish and ache
2	all the longing ,
2	all the longing
2	the longing
2	anguish and ache
2	anguish and
1	the confusing sexual messages
1	confusing sexual messages
2	sexual messages
2	the wish
3	to be a part of that elusive adult world
2	be a part of that elusive adult world
2	a part of that elusive adult world
2	a part
2	of that elusive adult world
2	that elusive adult world
2	elusive adult world
3	adult world
3	He 's the scariest guy you 'll see all summer .
2	's the scariest guy you 'll see all summer .
2	's the scariest guy you 'll see all summer
3	the scariest guy you 'll see all summer
1	the scariest guy
2	scariest guy
2	you 'll see all summer
2	'll see all summer
3	see all summer
2	all summer
4	`` Frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
4	Frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
3	'' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
4	offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
3	offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies
3	offers chills much like those
3	offers chills
2	much like those
2	like those
3	that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies
2	you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies
2	get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies
2	when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies
2	sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies
2	sitting around a campfire around midnight ,
2	sitting around a campfire around midnight
1	sitting around
2	a campfire around midnight
2	a campfire
2	around midnight
2	telling creepy stories to give each other the willies
2	telling creepy stories
3	creepy stories
2	to give each other the willies
1	give each other the willies
2	give each other
2	each other
2	the willies
3	And , there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
3	, there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
4	there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
4	's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
3	's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater
2	no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater
1	no way
0	you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater
0	wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater
2	wo n't
3	be talking about the film once you exit the theater
2	talking about the film once you exit the theater
2	talking about the film
2	about the film
2	the film
2	once you exit the theater
1	you exit the theater
1	exit the theater
2	the theater
2	If I have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story -LRB- like , say , Treasure Planet -RRB- or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters , I 'll take the latter every time .
3	If I have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story -LRB- like , say , Treasure Planet -RRB- or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters
2	I have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story -LRB- like , say , Treasure Planet -RRB- or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters
2	have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story -LRB- like , say , Treasure Planet -RRB- or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters
2	to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story -LRB- like , say , Treasure Planet -RRB- or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters
2	choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story -LRB- like , say , Treasure Planet -RRB- or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters
2	between gorgeous animation and a lame story -LRB- like , say , Treasure Planet -RRB- or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters
2	gorgeous animation and a lame story -LRB- like , say , Treasure Planet -RRB- or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters
2	gorgeous animation and a lame story -LRB- like , say , Treasure Planet -RRB- or
1	gorgeous animation and a lame story -LRB- like , say , Treasure Planet -RRB-
2	gorgeous animation and a lame story
3	gorgeous animation and
3	gorgeous animation
1	a lame story
0	lame story
2	-LRB- like , say , Treasure Planet -RRB-
2	like , say , Treasure Planet -RRB-
2	like , say , Treasure Planet
2	like , say ,
2	like , say
2	like ,
2	Treasure Planet
3	so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters
2	so-so animation and
1	so-so animation
3	an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters
4	an exciting , clever story
3	exciting , clever story
4	exciting , clever
3	, clever
3	with a batch of appealing characters
3	a batch of appealing characters
2	a batch
3	of appealing characters
3	appealing characters
2	, I 'll take the latter every time .
2	I 'll take the latter every time .
2	'll take the latter every time .
3	'll take the latter every time
2	take the latter every time
2	take the latter
2	the latter
2	every time
3	Quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it does n't have all the answers .
3	Quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it
2	Quiet , adult and
2	Quiet , adult
2	Quiet ,
3	just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it
4	just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and
4	just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart
3	just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ...
3	just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year
2	just about more stately
2	about more stately
2	more stately
2	than any contemporary movie this year
2	any contemporary movie this year
2	any contemporary movie
2	contemporary movie
2	this year
3	a true study , a film with a questioning heart
3	a true study ,
2	a true study
2	true study
2	a film with a questioning heart
2	a film
2	with a questioning heart
2	a questioning heart
2	questioning heart
2	mind that is n't afraid to admit it
3	that is n't afraid to admit it
2	is n't afraid to admit it
1	is n't
2	afraid to admit it
2	to admit it
2	admit it
2	does n't have all the answers .
1	does n't have all the answers
1	does n't
2	have all the answers
2	all the answers
3	the answers
3	In the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
2	In the end
2	the end
3	, the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
3	the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
2	the film
2	is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
3	is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide
2	less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide
3	less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and
3	less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably
2	the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably
1	the cheap
2	thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably
2	you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably
2	'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably
2	expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably
2	than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably
3	it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably
2	is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably
3	a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably
3	a fairly revealing study of its two main characters --
3	a fairly revealing study of its two main characters
3	a fairly revealing study
2	fairly revealing study
3	fairly revealing
2	of its two main characters
2	its two main characters
2	two main characters
2	main characters
2	damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably
1	damaged-goods people
2	whose orbits will inevitably
2	orbits will inevitably
2	will inevitably
1	dangerously collide
4	Some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .
4	Some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat
2	Some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and
2	Some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling ,
4	Some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling
3	Some of the visual flourishes
2	of the visual flourishes
3	the visual flourishes
3	visual flourishes
2	are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling
2	a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling
2	little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling
2	little too obvious , but restrained and subtle
1	little too obvious , but
1	little too obvious ,
2	little too obvious
2	too obvious
3	restrained and subtle
1	restrained and
4	fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat
4	fine performances
3	make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat
4	this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat
3	this delicate coming-of-age tale
3	delicate coming-of-age tale
2	coming-of-age tale
3	a treat
3	It is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .
4	is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .
2	is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this
2	is hard
2	not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this
3	to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this
3	be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this
2	be especially grateful for freedom
4	especially grateful for freedom
2	grateful for freedom
2	for freedom
2	after a film like this
2	a film like this
2	a film
2	like this
3	The dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .
2	The dirty jokes
1	dirty jokes
3	provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .
4	provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen
3	the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen
3	the funniest moments
3	funniest moments
3	in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen
3	this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen
3	this oddly sweet comedy
3	oddly sweet comedy
3	oddly sweet
2	about jokester highway patrolmen
3	jokester highway patrolmen
2	highway patrolmen
4	Y Tu Mamá También is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than Georgia asphalt .
2	Y Tu Mamá También
2	Tu Mamá También
2	Mamá También
4	is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than Georgia asphalt .
4	is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than Georgia asphalt
3	is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter
4	hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter
4	hilariously , gloriously alive , and
4	hilariously , gloriously alive ,
3	hilariously , gloriously alive
3	hilariously ,
3	gloriously alive
2	quite often hotter
2	often hotter
2	than Georgia asphalt
2	Georgia asphalt
3	... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .
3	works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .
2	works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once
3	works on some levels and
3	works on some levels
1	on some levels
2	some levels
3	is certainly worth seeing at least once
2	is certainly
3	worth seeing at least once
2	seeing at least once
2	seeing at least
2	at least
3	You come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .
4	come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .
4	come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated
3	come away from his film overwhelmed ,
2	come away from his film overwhelmed
2	come away
2	from his film overwhelmed
3	his film overwhelmed
2	film overwhelmed
3	hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated
1	and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated
2	, perhaps paradoxically , illuminated
2	, perhaps paradoxically ,
2	perhaps paradoxically ,
2	perhaps paradoxically
3	If the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , Jacquot preserves Tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .
2	If the material is slight and admittedly manipulative
2	the material is slight and admittedly manipulative
2	the material
2	is slight and admittedly manipulative
2	slight and admittedly manipulative
2	slight and
1	admittedly manipulative
2	, Jacquot preserves Tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .
3	Jacquot preserves Tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .
3	preserves Tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .
3	preserves Tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera
4	preserves Tosca 's intoxicating ardor
3	Tosca 's intoxicating ardor
2	Tosca 's
2	intoxicating ardor
2	through his use of the camera
2	his use of the camera
2	his use
2	of the camera
2	the camera
3	Thirteen Conversations About One Thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a Mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began .
2	Thirteen Conversations About One Thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a Mobius strip
2	Thirteen Conversations
2	About One Thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a Mobius strip
2	About One Thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and ,
2	About One Thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and
2	About One Thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories ,
2	About One Thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories
2	About One Thing
2	One Thing
3	lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories
2	lays out
3	a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories
2	a narrative puzzle
2	narrative puzzle
3	that interweaves individual stories
2	interweaves individual stories
2	individual stories
2	like a Mobius strip
3	a Mobius strip
1	Mobius strip
2	, elliptically loops back to where it began .
2	elliptically loops back to where it began .
2	elliptically loops back to where it began
2	elliptically loops
2	back to where it began
2	to where it began
2	where it began
2	it began
2	Overall , it 's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs .
3	, it 's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs .
4	it 's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs .
3	's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs .
4	's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs
3	a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs
3	a wacky and inspired little film
3	wacky and inspired little film
3	wacky and inspired
3	wacky and
2	little film
4	that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs
3	works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs
3	works effortlessly
3	at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs
3	delivering genuine , acerbic laughs
4	genuine , acerbic laughs
3	, acerbic laughs
2	acerbic laughs
4	A must for fans of British cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .
3	must for fans of British cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .
3	must for fans of British cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride
3	for fans of British cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride
2	for fans of British cinema , if only
2	fans of British cinema , if only
2	fans of British cinema ,
2	fans of British cinema
2	of British cinema
2	British cinema
2	if only
2	because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride
2	so many titans of the industry are along for the ride
2	so many titans of the industry
2	so many titans
2	so many
2	of the industry
2	the industry
2	are along for the ride
2	are along
2	for the ride
2	the ride
2	Tsai has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu .
3	has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu .
2	has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu
3	managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu
1	to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu
3	create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu
2	an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu
2	an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction
2	an underplayed melodrama
2	underplayed melodrama
2	about family dynamics and dysfunction
2	family dynamics and dysfunction
3	dynamics and dysfunction
2	dynamics and
1	that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu
2	harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu
2	harks back
3	to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu
2	the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu
2	the spare , unchecked heartache
1	spare , unchecked heartache
2	, unchecked heartache
1	unchecked heartache
2	of Yasujiro Ozu
2	Yasujiro Ozu
2	Until -LRB- the -RRB- superfluous ... epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , Die Another Day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller .
2	Until -LRB- the -RRB- superfluous
1	-LRB- the -RRB- superfluous
2	-LRB- the -RRB-
2	the -RRB-
1	... epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , Die Another Day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller .
3	epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , Die Another Day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller .
4	epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , Die Another Day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller
1	epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve ,
0	epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve
1	epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief
2	that leaks suspension of disbelief
3	that leaks suspension
2	leaks suspension
2	of disbelief
2	like a sieve
2	a sieve
3	Die Another Day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller
4	Another Day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller
2	Another Day
4	is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller
4	as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller
3	stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller
3	stimulating & heart-rate-raising
3	& heart-rate-raising
3	as any James Bond thriller
2	any James Bond thriller
3	James Bond thriller
3	Bond thriller
2	It 's a good film , but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true ` epic ' .
3	It 's a good film , but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true ` epic '
2	It 's a good film , but
3	It 's a good film ,
3	It 's a good film
3	's a good film
3	a good film
4	good film
1	it falls short of its aspiration to be a true ` epic '
2	falls short of its aspiration to be a true ` epic '
1	short of its aspiration to be a true ` epic '
3	of its aspiration to be a true ` epic '
3	its aspiration to be a true ` epic '
3	aspiration to be a true ` epic '
2	to be a true ` epic '
3	be a true ` epic '
3	a true ` epic '
3	true ` epic '
2	` epic '
3	epic '
3	All the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost .
3	All the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost
3	All the pieces fall together without much surprise , but
2	All the pieces fall together without much surprise ,
2	All the pieces fall together without much surprise
2	All the pieces
2	the pieces
1	fall together without much surprise
2	fall together
2	without much surprise
2	much surprise
2	little moments give it a boost
2	little moments
3	give it a boost
2	give it
2	a boost
3	The beauty of Alexander Payne 's ode to the Everyman is in the details .
2	The beauty of Alexander Payne 's ode to the Everyman
3	The beauty
2	of Alexander Payne 's ode to the Everyman
3	Alexander Payne 's ode to the Everyman
2	Alexander Payne 's ode
2	Alexander Payne 's
2	Payne 's
2	to the Everyman
2	the Everyman
2	is in the details .
2	is in the details
2	in the details
2	the details
4	A touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by Michel Piccoli .
4	A touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de
3	A touching drama about old age and grief
4	A touching drama
3	touching drama
2	about old age and grief
1	old age and grief
2	age and grief
2	age and
2	with a tour de
2	a tour de
3	tour de
2	force performance by Michel Piccoli .
2	force performance by Michel Piccoli
2	force performance
2	by Michel Piccoli
2	Michel Piccoli
3	The ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .
2	The ending
1	feels at odds with the rest of the film .
1	feels at odds with the rest of the film
1	at odds with the rest of the film
1	odds with the rest of the film
2	with the rest of the film
2	the rest of the film
2	the rest
2	of the film
2	the film
3	A tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .
3	A tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events
3	A tone of rueful compassion ...
2	A tone of rueful compassion
2	A tone
2	of rueful compassion
2	rueful compassion
3	reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events
2	throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events
3	this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events
2	this film ,
2	this film
2	whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events
2	whose meaning and impact
3	whose meaning and
2	whose meaning
3	is sadly heightened by current world events
1	is sadly
2	heightened by current world events
2	by current world events
2	current world events
2	world events
3	A beautiful paean to a time long past .
3	A beautiful paean to a time long past
3	A beautiful paean to a time
3	A beautiful paean
3	beautiful paean
2	to a time
2	a time
2	long past
2	Dense and thoughtful and brimming with ideas that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed .
2	Dense and thoughtful and brimming with ideas that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed
3	Dense and thoughtful and brimming
2	and thoughtful and brimming
4	thoughtful and brimming
3	thoughtful and
3	with ideas that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed
1	ideas that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed
3	that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed
1	are too complex to be rapidly absorbed
1	too complex to be rapidly absorbed
2	complex to be rapidly absorbed
2	to be rapidly absorbed
3	be rapidly absorbed
2	rapidly absorbed
2	If you thought Tom Hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star , wait until you 've seen him eight stories tall .
3	If you thought Tom Hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star
2	you thought Tom Hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star
2	thought Tom Hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star
1	Tom Hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star
2	Tom Hanks
1	was just an ordinary big-screen star
2	was just
1	an ordinary big-screen star
2	ordinary big-screen star
2	big-screen star
3	, wait until you 've seen him eight stories tall .
2	wait until you 've seen him eight stories tall .
2	wait until you 've seen him eight stories tall
2	until you 've seen him eight stories tall
2	you 've seen him eight stories tall
2	've seen him eight stories tall
3	seen him eight stories tall
3	him eight stories tall
2	eight stories tall
2	eight stories
4	With this masterful , flawless film , -LRB- Wang -RRB- emerges in the front ranks of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .
3	With this masterful
4	this masterful
4	, flawless film , -LRB- Wang -RRB- emerges in the front ranks of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .
3	flawless film , -LRB- Wang -RRB- emerges in the front ranks of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .
3	flawless film , -LRB- Wang -RRB-
4	flawless film ,
4	flawless film
2	-LRB- Wang -RRB-
1	Wang -RRB-
3	emerges in the front ranks of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .
3	emerges in the front ranks of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers
4	in the front ranks of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers
3	the front ranks of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers
2	the front ranks
2	front ranks
3	of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers
2	China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers
2	China 's
3	now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers
3	numerous , world-renowned filmmakers
2	, world-renowned filmmakers
2	world-renowned filmmakers
3	Shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes .
3	offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes .
4	offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes
2	offers copious hints
2	copious hints
3	along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes
2	the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes
2	the way -- myriad signs , if you will --
2	the way
2	-- myriad signs , if you will --
2	myriad signs , if you will --
2	myriad signs , if you will
2	myriad signs , if
2	myriad signs ,
2	myriad signs
2	you will
4	that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes
3	that beneath the familiar , funny surface
3	beneath the familiar , funny surface
3	the familiar , funny surface
3	familiar , funny surface
3	familiar , funny
4	, funny
3	is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes
2	a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes
3	a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one
4	a far bigger , far more meaningful story
3	far bigger , far more meaningful story
2	far bigger
3	, far more meaningful story
3	far more meaningful story
3	far more meaningful
3	more meaningful
2	than one
2	in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes
2	in which
2	little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes
2	little green men
1	green men
2	come to Earth for harvesting purposes
2	to Earth for harvesting purposes
2	Earth for harvesting purposes
2	for harvesting purposes
2	harvesting purposes
3	This film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .
2	This film
4	is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .
3	is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion
3	an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion
2	an act of spiritual faith --
3	an act of spiritual faith
2	an act
2	of spiritual faith
2	spiritual faith
3	an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion
3	an eloquent , deeply felt meditation
3	eloquent , deeply felt meditation
3	eloquent , deeply felt
3	, deeply felt
2	deeply felt
2	on the nature of compassion
3	the nature of compassion
2	the nature
2	of compassion
2	A different kind of love story - one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling .
3	A different kind of love story - one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling
2	A different kind of love story -
2	A different kind of love story
2	A different kind
2	different kind
2	of love story
2	love story
3	one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling
3	that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling
2	is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling
2	dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling
1	dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet
1	dark , disturbing , painful to watch ,
1	dark , disturbing , painful to watch
2	dark , disturbing ,
2	dark , disturbing
2	dark ,
0	painful to watch
2	to watch
3	Splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .
3	illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .
3	illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity
3	the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity
2	the ability of the human spirit
2	the ability
2	of the human spirit
2	the human spirit
2	human spirit
3	to overcome adversity
2	overcome adversity
4	A compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .
3	A compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
4	A compelling , gut-clutching piece
3	compelling , gut-clutching piece
3	, gut-clutching piece
3	gut-clutching piece
3	of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
3	advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
2	advocacy cinema
3	that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
2	carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
3	carries you along in a torrent of emotion
3	carries you along
3	carries you
2	in a torrent of emotion
4	a torrent of emotion
3	a torrent
2	of emotion
1	as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
3	it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
3	explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
2	explores the awful complications of one
2	the awful complications of one
1	the awful complications
0	awful complications
2	of one
2	terrifying day
4	She 's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .
4	's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .
3	's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations
4	's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right
3	's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely
3	as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely
3	as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time ,
3	as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and
2	as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious
0	as rude and profane as ever ,
2	as rude and profane as ever
1	as rude and profane
0	rude and profane
1	rude and
2	as ever
4	always hilarious
2	, most of the time ,
2	most of the time ,
2	most of the time
2	of the time
2	the time
2	in her stinging social observations
2	her stinging social observations
2	stinging social observations
2	social observations
3	To those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much .
2	To those who have not read the book
2	those who have not read the book
2	who have not read the book
2	have not read the book
2	have not
2	read the book
2	the book
2	, the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much .
2	the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much .
2	the film
2	is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much .
1	is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much
3	is a much better mother-daughter tale
3	a much better mother-daughter tale
3	much better mother-daughter tale
3	much better
2	mother-daughter tale
2	than last summer 's ` Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much
2	than last summer 's ` Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood , ' but
2	than last summer 's ` Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood , '
2	than last summer 's ` Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood ,
2	than last summer 's ` Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
2	last summer 's ` Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
2	last summer
3	's ` Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
3	's `
2	Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
2	Divine Secrets
3	of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
3	the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
2	Ya-Ya Sisterhood
1	that 's not saying much
2	's not saying much
2	's not
2	saying much
3	Even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
2	Even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia
3	before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia
2	it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia
4	builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia
2	builds up
3	to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia
2	its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia
2	its insanely staged ballroom scene ,
2	its insanely staged ballroom scene
2	insanely staged ballroom scene
2	staged ballroom scene
2	ballroom scene
2	in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia
2	in which
2	3000 actors appear in full regalia
2	3000 actors
2	appear in full regalia
2	in full regalia
2	full regalia
3	, it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
4	it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
3	's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
3	's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon
3	waltzed itself into the art film pantheon
2	waltzed itself
3	into the art film pantheon
2	the art film pantheon
2	art film pantheon
2	film pantheon
4	A thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy .
3	A thoughtful , reverent portrait of what
4	A thoughtful , reverent portrait
3	thoughtful , reverent portrait
4	thoughtful , reverent
2	, reverent
2	of what
2	is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy .
3	is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy
2	is essentially
2	a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy
2	a subculture ,
2	a subculture
2	with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy
3	its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy
2	its own rules
2	own rules
2	regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy
2	love and family , governance and hierarchy
3	love and
2	family , governance and hierarchy
2	, governance and hierarchy
2	governance and hierarchy
2	governance and
3	It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is .
3	It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is
3	It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but
3	It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good ,
4	It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good
4	seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good
2	seems impossible
3	that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good
2	an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good
3	an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game
3	an epic four-hour Indian musical
3	epic four-hour Indian musical
2	epic four-hour
2	Indian musical
2	about a cricket game
2	a cricket game
2	cricket game
3	could be this good
4	be this good
3	this good
3	it is
3	Will certainly appeal to Asian cult cinema fans and Asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
3	certainly appeal to Asian cult cinema fans and Asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
3	appeal to Asian cult cinema fans and Asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
3	appeal to Asian cult cinema fans and Asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about
2	appeal to Asian cult cinema fans and
3	appeal to Asian cult cinema fans
2	to Asian cult cinema fans
2	Asian cult cinema fans
2	cult cinema fans
3	cinema fans
2	Asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about
2	interested to see what all the fuss is about
3	to see what all the fuss is about
2	see what all the fuss is about
2	what all the fuss is about
2	all the fuss is about
2	all the fuss
2	the fuss
2	is about
3	Touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ... might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .
2	Touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ...
3	Touches smartly and wistfully
3	smartly and wistfully
3	smartly and
3	on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ...
2	a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ...
2	a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society
2	a number of themes ,
2	a number of themes
2	a number
2	of themes
2	not least the notion that the marginal members of society
2	not least the notion
2	not least
2	the notion
2	that the marginal members of society
2	the marginal members of society
2	the marginal members
2	marginal members
2	of society
2	might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .
1	might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants
2	benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants
2	from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants
2	a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants
2	a helping hand and
3	a helping hand
2	helping hand
2	a friendly kick in the pants
2	a friendly kick
3	friendly kick
3	in the pants
2	the pants
4	A wildly entertaining scan of Evans ' career .
4	A wildly entertaining
4	wildly entertaining
2	scan of Evans ' career .
2	scan of Evans ' career
2	of Evans ' career
3	Evans ' career
2	Evans '
3	A mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of Russian history .
2	A mature
2	, deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of Russian history .
3	deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of Russian history .
2	felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of Russian history .
2	felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of Russian history
3	felt fantasy of a director 's travel
3	fantasy of a director 's travel
2	of a director 's travel
2	a director 's travel
2	a director 's
2	director 's
2	through 300 years of Russian history
2	300 years of Russian history
2	300 years
2	of Russian history
2	Russian history
2	Boldly engineering a collision between tawdry B-movie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie , Rose 's film , true to its source material , provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer .
3	Boldly engineering a collision between tawdry B-movie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie
2	engineering a collision between tawdry B-movie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie
2	a collision between tawdry B-movie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie
1	a collision
2	between tawdry B-movie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie
1	tawdry B-movie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie
2	tawdry B-movie flamboyance and
1	tawdry B-movie flamboyance
2	B-movie flamboyance
2	grandiose spiritual anomie
3	spiritual anomie
3	, Rose 's film , true to its source material , provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer .
2	Rose 's film , true to its source material , provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer .
3	Rose 's film , true to its source material ,
3	Rose 's film , true to its source material
2	Rose 's film ,
3	Rose 's film
2	Rose 's
3	true to its source material
2	to its source material
2	its source material
2	source material
1	provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer .
3	provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer
2	provides a tenacious demonstration of death
2	a tenacious demonstration of death
2	a tenacious demonstration
2	tenacious demonstration
1	of death
2	as the great equalizer
2	the great equalizer
3	great equalizer
4	A finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .
3	A finely tuned mood
2	finely tuned mood
3	finely tuned
3	piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .
3	piece , a model of menacing atmosphere
2	piece ,
2	a model of menacing atmosphere
2	a model
3	of menacing atmosphere
1	menacing atmosphere
3	The Salton Sea has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety .
2	The Salton Sea
2	Salton Sea
2	has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety .
2	has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety
3	has moments of inspired humour ,
3	has moments of inspired humour
3	moments of inspired humour
3	of inspired humour
3	inspired humour
2	though every scrap is of the darkest variety
3	every scrap is of the darkest variety
2	every scrap
1	is of the darkest variety
1	of the darkest variety
1	the darkest variety
2	darkest variety
4	Both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
3	Both a beautifully
3	a beautifully
3	made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
3	made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes
3	made nature film and a tribute
3	nature film and a tribute
2	nature film and
2	nature film
3	a tribute
3	to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes
4	a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes
2	a woman
2	whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes
2	whose passion for this region and its inhabitants
2	whose passion
2	for this region and its inhabitants
3	this region and its inhabitants
3	this region and
2	this region
2	its inhabitants
3	still shines in her quiet blue eyes
3	shines in her quiet blue eyes
2	in her quiet blue eyes
2	her quiet blue eyes
2	quiet blue eyes
2	blue eyes
3	Although shot with little style , Skins is heartfelt and achingly real .
2	Although shot with little style
2	shot with little style
2	with little style
1	little style
4	, Skins is heartfelt and achingly real .
4	Skins is heartfelt and achingly real .
3	is heartfelt and achingly real .
4	is heartfelt and achingly real
3	heartfelt and achingly real
3	heartfelt and
2	achingly real
3	Harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .
3	back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .
2	back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research
2	back to a time
2	to a time
2	a time
2	when movies had more to do with imagination than market research
2	movies had more to do with imagination than market research
3	had more to do with imagination than market research
2	had more
1	to do with imagination than market research
2	do with imagination than market research
3	do with imagination
3	with imagination
2	than market research
2	market research
3	Upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
3	Upsetting and thought-provoking
2	Upsetting and
3	, the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
3	the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
2	the film
3	has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
2	has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them
2	an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them
2	an odd purity
3	odd purity
3	that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them
2	does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them
1	does n't
2	bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them
3	bring you into the characters
2	bring you
2	into the characters
2	the characters
2	so much as it has you study them
2	so much
2	as it has you study them
2	it has you study them
3	has you study them
2	you study them
2	study them
2	A very pretty after-school special .
3	A very pretty after-school special
3	A very pretty after-school
2	very pretty after-school
3	very pretty
3	It 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .
3	It 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it
3	It 's an effort to watch this movie , but
1	It 's an effort to watch this movie ,
1	It 's an effort to watch this movie
2	's an effort to watch this movie
2	an effort to watch this movie
1	effort to watch this movie
2	to watch this movie
3	watch this movie
2	this movie
3	it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it
3	eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it
3	pays off and is effective if you stick with it
3	pays off and
3	pays off
3	is effective if you stick with it
3	effective if you stick with it
2	if you stick with it
2	you stick with it
2	stick with it
3	with it
3	A harrowing account of a psychological breakdown .
2	A harrowing account of a psychological breakdown
3	A harrowing account
3	harrowing account
2	of a psychological breakdown
2	a psychological breakdown
2	psychological breakdown
3	Continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means .
2	challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means .
3	challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means
2	challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and
2	challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad ,
2	challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad
2	perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad
2	perceptions of guilt and innocence ,
2	perceptions of guilt and innocence
2	of guilt and innocence
2	guilt and innocence
2	guilt and
2	of good guys and bad
2	good guys and bad
3	good guys and
3	good guys
2	asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means
2	asks us
2	whether a noble end can justify evil means
2	a noble end can justify evil means
3	a noble end
1	noble end
2	can justify evil means
2	justify evil means
2	evil means
3	It certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .
3	It certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time
1	It certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but
2	It certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department
0	certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department
2	wo n't win any awards in the plot department
2	wo n't
2	win any awards in the plot department
2	win any awards
3	any awards
2	in the plot department
2	the plot department
2	plot department
3	it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time
3	sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time
2	sets out with no pretensions and
2	sets out with no pretensions
3	sets out
2	with no pretensions
2	no pretensions
4	delivers big time
3	big time
3	Dog Soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .
3	Dog Soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it
2	Dog Soldiers does n't transcend genre --
1	Dog Soldiers does n't transcend genre
2	Dog Soldiers
1	does n't transcend genre
1	does n't
3	transcend genre
3	it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it
3	embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it
3	embraces it , energizes it and
3	embraces it , energizes it
2	embraces it ,
2	embraces it
3	energizes it
1	takes big bloody chomps out of it
1	takes big bloody chomps out
1	takes big bloody chomps
1	big bloody chomps
2	bloody chomps
2	of it
2	At once emotional and richly analytical , the Cosby-Seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary .
4	At once emotional and richly analytical
3	once emotional and richly analytical
3	once emotional and richly
2	once emotional and
2	once emotional
1	, the Cosby-Seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary .
2	the Cosby-Seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary .
2	the Cosby-Seinfeld encounter
2	Cosby-Seinfeld encounter
2	alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary .
2	confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary .
2	confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary
2	the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary
3	the serious weight
2	serious weight
1	behind this superficially loose , larky documentary
1	this superficially loose , larky documentary
1	superficially loose , larky documentary
1	superficially loose
2	, larky documentary
2	larky documentary
3	It may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied .
3	It may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied
2	It may scream low budget , but
1	It may scream low budget ,
2	It may scream low budget
1	may scream low budget
0	scream low budget
1	low budget
4	this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied
3	this charmer
4	has a spirit that can not be denied
3	a spirit that can not be denied
3	a spirit
2	that can not be denied
2	can not be denied
2	can not
2	be denied
3	` Alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .
3	Alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .
2	Alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land '
2	Alice 's adventure
2	Alice 's
2	through the looking glass and into zombie-land '
2	through the looking glass and
2	through the looking glass
2	the looking glass
2	looking glass
2	into zombie-land '
2	zombie-land '
3	is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .
3	is filled with strange and wonderful creatures
3	filled with strange and wonderful creatures
3	with strange and wonderful creatures
3	strange and wonderful creatures
3	and wonderful creatures
4	wonderful creatures
1	Without -LRB- De Niro -RRB- , City By The Sea would slip under the waves .
2	Without -LRB- De Niro -RRB-
2	-LRB- De Niro -RRB-
1	De Niro -RRB-
2	De Niro
2	, City By The Sea would slip under the waves .
1	City By The Sea would slip under the waves .
1	By The Sea would slip under the waves .
2	By The Sea
2	The Sea
2	would slip under the waves .
2	would slip under the waves
2	slip under the waves
2	under the waves
2	the waves
3	He drags it back , single-handed .
2	He drags it back , single-handed
2	He drags it back ,
2	He drags it back
1	drags it back
1	drags it
4	A good music documentary , probably one of the best since The Last Waltz .
4	A good music documentary , probably one of the best since The Last Waltz
4	A good music documentary ,
4	A good music documentary
3	good music documentary
2	music documentary
4	probably one of the best since The Last Waltz
2	probably one
3	of the best since The Last Waltz
3	the best since The Last Waltz
4	the best
2	since The Last Waltz
2	The Last Waltz
2	Last Waltz
3	If the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that 's because Panic Room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .
2	If the plot seems a bit on the skinny side
1	the plot seems a bit on the skinny side
2	the plot
1	seems a bit on the skinny side
1	a bit on the skinny side
2	a bit
2	on the skinny side
2	the skinny side
2	skinny side
3	, that 's because Panic Room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .
3	that 's because Panic Room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .
2	's because Panic Room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .
2	's because Panic Room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat
3	because Panic Room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat
3	Panic Room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat
2	Panic Room
2	is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat
1	is interested in nothing
3	is interested
2	in nothing
3	more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat
3	than sucking you in ... and making you sweat
3	sucking you in ... and making you sweat
2	sucking you in ... and
3	sucking you in ...
2	sucking you in
1	sucking you
2	making you sweat
3	you sweat
3	... -LRB- the film -RRB- works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay .
3	-LRB- the film -RRB- works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay .
3	-LRB- the film -RRB- works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay
2	-LRB- the film -RRB- works ,
3	-LRB- the film -RRB- works
3	the film -RRB- works
2	the film
2	-RRB- works
2	due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay
3	mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay
3	to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay
2	the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay
2	the tongue-in-cheek attitude
2	tongue-in-cheek attitude
2	of the screenplay
2	the screenplay
3	The film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her .
4	The film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her
3	The film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and
4	The film becomes an overwhelming pleasure ,
3	The film becomes an overwhelming pleasure
2	The film
3	becomes an overwhelming pleasure
3	an overwhelming pleasure
4	overwhelming pleasure
4	you find yourself rooting for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her
3	find yourself rooting for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her
2	yourself rooting for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her
2	rooting for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her
3	for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her
2	Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her
2	Gai 's
3	character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her
2	to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her
2	avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her
2	the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her
2	the fate
2	that has befallen every other Carmen before her
2	has befallen every other Carmen before her
3	befallen every other Carmen before her
2	befallen every other Carmen
2	every other Carmen
2	other Carmen
2	before her
3	Broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary .
3	has a rather unique approach to documentary .
3	has a rather unique approach to documentary
3	a rather unique approach to documentary
3	a rather unique approach
3	rather unique approach
3	rather unique
2	to documentary
1	He thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .
2	thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .
2	thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject
2	the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject
2	the film
2	is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject
2	is just as much a document about him
2	is just as much
2	just as much
2	as much
2	a document about him
2	a document
2	about him
2	as it is about the subject
2	it is about the subject
2	is about the subject
2	about the subject
2	the subject
2	At its best when the guarded , resentful Betty and the manipulative yet needy Margot are front and center .
2	At its best when the guarded
2	its best when the guarded
3	its best
2	when the guarded
2	the guarded
2	, resentful Betty and the manipulative yet needy Margot are front and center .
2	resentful Betty and the manipulative yet needy Margot are front and center .
1	resentful Betty and the manipulative yet needy Margot
1	resentful Betty and
2	resentful Betty
2	the manipulative yet needy Margot
2	manipulative yet needy Margot
2	manipulative yet needy
2	manipulative yet
2	are front and center .
3	are front and center
2	front and center
2	front and
2	Gloriously straight from the vagina .
2	Gloriously straight from the vagina
2	straight from the vagina
2	from the vagina
2	the vagina
3	It 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since Christopher Walken kinda romanced Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists .
3	It 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since Christopher Walken kinda romanced Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists
1	It 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but
2	It 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery ,
1	It 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery
2	's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery
2	's excessively quirky and a little underconfident
2	excessively quirky and a little underconfident
2	excessively quirky and
3	excessively quirky
1	a little underconfident
2	a little
2	in its delivery
2	its delivery
3	otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since Christopher Walken kinda romanced Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists
3	this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since Christopher Walken kinda romanced Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists
3	is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since Christopher Walken kinda romanced Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists
3	is the best ` old neighborhood ' project
3	the best ` old neighborhood ' project
2	the best ` old neighborhood
2	best ` old neighborhood
2	` old neighborhood
2	old neighborhood
2	' project
2	since Christopher Walken kinda romanced Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists
3	Christopher Walken kinda romanced Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists
2	Christopher Walken kinda
2	Walken kinda
2	romanced Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists
2	Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists
1	Cyndi Lauper
2	in The Opportunists
2	The Opportunists
3	The film oozes craft .
2	The film
3	oozes craft .
3	oozes craft
4	Robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that Clancy creates .
3	Robinson 's web of suspense
2	Robinson 's web
2	Robinson 's
2	of suspense
3	matches the page-turning frenzy that Clancy creates .
2	matches the page-turning frenzy that Clancy creates
3	matches the page-turning frenzy
2	the page-turning frenzy
2	page-turning frenzy
2	that Clancy creates
2	Clancy creates
4	Manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .
4	to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .
3	to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting
3	be both hugely entertaining and uplifting
4	both hugely entertaining and uplifting
3	hugely entertaining and uplifting
3	hugely entertaining and
3	hugely entertaining
4	A classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .
4	A classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached
4	A classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood
3	A classic fairy tale
3	classic fairy tale
2	fairy tale
3	that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood
4	perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood
4	captures the wonders and worries of childhood
2	the wonders and worries of childhood
2	the wonders and worries
2	wonders and worries
2	wonders and
2	of childhood
2	in a way that few movies have ever approached
3	a way that few movies have ever approached
2	a way
3	that few movies have ever approached
3	few movies have ever approached
2	few movies
2	have ever approached
2	have ever
2	It 's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison .
2	's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison .
3	's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison
3	the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison
2	the unsettling images
1	unsettling images
3	of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison
2	a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison
1	a war-ravaged land
2	war-ravaged land
2	that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison
4	prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison
3	prove more potent and riveting
2	more potent and riveting
4	potent and riveting
3	potent and
2	than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison
2	the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison
2	the unlikely story
2	unlikely story
2	of Sarah and Harrison
2	Sarah and Harrison
2	Sarah and
3	a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing
4	a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long
4	a wonderfully warm human drama
3	wonderfully warm human drama
4	wonderfully warm
3	human drama
3	that remains vividly in memory long
3	remains vividly in memory long
3	remains vividly in memory
2	remains vividly
3	in memory
2	after viewing
2	Jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .
3	fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .
3	, with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .
3	with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .
3	with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used
3	its celeb-strewn backdrop well used
2	its celeb-strewn backdrop
2	celeb-strewn backdrop
3	well used
2	Recoing 's fantastic performance does n't exactly reveal what makes Vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat .
3	Recoing 's fantastic performance
2	Recoing 's
3	fantastic performance
2	does n't exactly reveal what makes Vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat .
3	does n't exactly reveal what makes Vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat
2	does n't exactly
1	does n't
2	reveal what makes Vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat
3	what makes Vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat
2	makes Vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat
2	Vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat
2	Vincent tick , but perhaps
2	Vincent tick , but
2	Vincent tick ,
2	Vincent tick
1	any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat
2	any definitive explanation
3	definitive explanation
1	for it would have felt like a cheat
2	it would have felt like a cheat
1	would have felt like a cheat
1	have felt like a cheat
2	felt like a cheat
2	like a cheat
2	a cheat
3	Washington overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration .
1	overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration .
3	overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration
2	overcomes the script 's flaws and
2	overcomes the script 's flaws
1	the script 's flaws
2	the script 's
2	script 's
2	envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration
2	the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration
2	the audience
2	in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration
2	his character 's anguish , anger and frustration
2	his character 's
2	character 's
1	anguish , anger and frustration
2	, anger and frustration
1	anger and frustration
1	anger and
3	The film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... This makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .
4	The film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... This makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture
2	The film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ...
3	The film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved
2	The film
3	fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved
2	gets under the skin of the people involved
2	under the skin of the people involved
2	the skin of the people involved
2	the skin
2	of the people involved
2	the people involved
2	the people
4	This makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture
3	makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture
2	makes it
4	not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture
2	not only
4	a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture
2	a detailed historical document , but
3	a detailed historical document ,
3	a detailed historical document
3	detailed historical document
2	historical document
3	an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture
4	an engaging and moving portrait
3	engaging and moving portrait
3	and moving portrait
3	moving portrait
2	of a subculture
2	a subculture
3	A searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise .
3	A searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be ,
3	A searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be
2	A searing ,
2	A searing
3	epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be
3	epic treatment of a nationwide blight
3	epic treatment
2	of a nationwide blight
1	a nationwide blight
1	nationwide blight
2	that seems to be
2	seems to be
2	to be
2	horrifyingly , ever on the rise .
2	horrifyingly , ever on the rise
1	horrifyingly , ever
1	horrifyingly ,
2	on the rise
2	the rise
3	Not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see .
4	Not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see
3	Not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco lovers --
4	Not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco lovers
2	Not a film
2	a film
3	for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco lovers
2	the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco lovers
3	faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco lovers
2	faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco
1	faint of heart or conservative of spirit
3	of heart or conservative of spirit
2	heart or conservative of spirit
3	heart or conservative
2	heart or
3	of spirit
2	, but for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco
2	, but
2	for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco
2	the rest of us -- especially San Francisco
2	the rest
2	of us -- especially San Francisco
2	us -- especially San Francisco
2	us -- especially
2	us --
2	San Francisco
4	it 's a spirited film and a must-see
3	's a spirited film and a must-see
4	a spirited film and a must-see
3	a spirited film and
3	a spirited film
3	spirited film
4	a must-see
4	Read My Lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
1	Read My Lips
2	My Lips
3	is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
3	is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love
4	to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love
4	be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love
3	be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as
4	be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality
3	viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality
3	viewed and treasured
2	viewed and
4	for its extraordinary intelligence and originality
4	its extraordinary intelligence and originality
4	extraordinary intelligence and originality
3	intelligence and originality
3	intelligence and
2	as well as
2	well as
3	its lyrical variations on the game of love
2	its lyrical variations
2	lyrical variations
2	on the game of love
2	the game of love
2	the game
2	of love
3	The color sense of Stuart Little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
4	The color sense of Stuart Little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is
2	The color sense of Stuart Little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but
3	The color sense of Stuart Little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure ,
3	The color sense of Stuart Little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure
3	The color sense of Stuart Little 2
2	The color sense
2	color sense
2	of Stuart Little 2
2	Stuart Little 2
2	Little 2
3	is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure
3	its most immediate and most obvious pleasure
3	most immediate and most obvious pleasure
1	most immediate and most obvious
2	most immediate and
2	most immediate
2	most obvious
4	it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is
3	would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is
3	count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is
2	count for very little
2	for very little
2	very little
3	if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is
2	the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is
2	the movie
3	were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is
1	were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone
2	were n't
4	as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone
3	as beautifully shaped and
3	as beautifully shaped
3	beautifully shaped
3	as delicately calibrated in tone
3	delicately calibrated in tone
2	calibrated in tone
2	in tone
2	as it is
3	it is
2	while -LRB- Roman Coppola -RRB- scores points for style , he staggers in terms of story .
3	while -LRB- Roman Coppola -RRB- scores points for style
2	while -LRB- Roman Coppola -RRB-
2	-LRB- Roman Coppola -RRB-
2	Roman Coppola -RRB-
2	Roman Coppola
3	scores points for style
3	points for style
2	for style
1	, he staggers in terms of story .
2	he staggers in terms of story .
1	staggers in terms of story .
1	staggers in terms of story
2	in terms of story
2	terms of story
2	of story
3	Any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .
2	Any movie that makes hard work
2	Any movie
2	that makes hard work
2	makes hard work
2	hard work
3	seem heroic deserves a look .
3	seem heroic deserves a look
3	heroic deserves a look
3	deserves a look
2	a look
3	It may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but I enjoyed Barbershop .
3	It may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but I enjoyed Barbershop
2	It may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but
2	It may not be a huge cut of above the rest ,
2	It may not be a huge cut of above the rest
2	may not be a huge cut of above the rest
1	may not
3	be a huge cut of above the rest
4	a huge cut of above the rest
2	a huge cut
2	huge cut
3	of above the rest
3	above the rest
2	the rest
3	I enjoyed Barbershop
3	enjoyed Barbershop
4	It 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
4	's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
4	's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters
2	a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters
3	a funny little movie
4	funny little movie
2	little movie
3	with clever dialogue and likeable characters
4	clever dialogue and likeable characters
3	dialogue and likeable characters
3	and likeable characters
3	likeable characters
3	A different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of World War II through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst .
3	A different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of World War II through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man
3	A different and emotionally reserved type of survival story
1	A different and emotionally reserved type
2	different and emotionally reserved type
2	different and emotionally reserved
2	different and
2	emotionally reserved
2	of survival story
2	survival story
3	-- a film less about refracting all of World War II through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man
2	a film less about refracting all of World War II through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man
1	a film less
2	a film
3	about refracting all of World War II through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man
2	about refracting all of World War II through the specific conditions of one man
1	refracting all of World War II through the specific conditions of one man
2	refracting all of World War II
2	all of World War II
2	of World War II
3	World War II
2	War II
2	through the specific conditions of one man
2	the specific conditions of one man
2	the specific conditions
2	specific conditions
2	of one man
2	one man
2	, and more about that man
2	and more about that man
2	more about that man
2	about that man
2	that man
2	lost in its midst .
2	lost in its midst
2	in its midst
2	its midst
4	It 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .
4	's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .
4	's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful
4	sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful
4	sweet , funny , charming , and
3	sweet , funny , charming ,
4	sweet , funny , charming
3	sweet , funny ,
3	sweet , funny
4	sweet ,
4	completely delightful
2	A perfectly competent and often imaginative film that lacks what little Lilo & Stitch had in spades -- charisma .
2	A perfectly competent and often imaginative film that lacks what little Lilo & Stitch had in
4	A perfectly competent and often imaginative film
4	perfectly competent and often imaginative film
3	perfectly competent and often imaginative
3	perfectly competent and
3	perfectly competent
3	often imaginative
2	that lacks what little Lilo & Stitch had in
1	lacks what little Lilo & Stitch had in
2	what little Lilo & Stitch had in
2	little Lilo & Stitch had in
2	Lilo & Stitch had in
2	Lilo & Stitch
2	Lilo &
2	had in
2	spades -- charisma .
2	spades -- charisma
2	spades --
4	Beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of Grenoble and Geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
4	Beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of Grenoble and Geneva
2	shot against the frozen winter landscapes of Grenoble and Geneva
3	against the frozen winter landscapes of Grenoble and Geneva
2	the frozen winter landscapes of Grenoble and Geneva
2	the frozen winter landscapes
2	frozen winter landscapes
3	winter landscapes
2	of Grenoble and Geneva
2	Grenoble and Geneva
2	Grenoble and
3	, the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
3	the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
2	the film
3	unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
2	unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself
4	unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller ,
4	unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller
3	with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller
3	all the mounting tension of an expert thriller
2	all the mounting tension
2	the mounting tension
2	mounting tension
3	of an expert thriller
4	an expert thriller
4	expert thriller
2	until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself
2	the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself
3	the tragedy beneath it
2	the tragedy
1	beneath it
2	all gradually reveals itself
2	all gradually
3	reveals itself
1	Medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt .
1	Medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt
2	Medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but
2	Medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed ,
2	Medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed
2	may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed
2	have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed
2	disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed
1	disrobed most of the cast ,
2	disrobed most of the cast
2	most of the cast
2	of the cast
2	the cast
2	leaving their bodies exposed
2	their bodies exposed
3	their bodies
1	the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt
2	the plot
1	remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt
2	as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt
2	guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt
2	as a virgin with a chastity belt
2	a virgin with a chastity belt
2	a virgin
2	with a chastity belt
2	a chastity belt
2	chastity belt
3	That 's why Sex and Lucia is so alluring .
3	's why Sex and Lucia is so alluring .
3	's why Sex and Lucia is so alluring
3	why Sex and Lucia is so alluring
3	Sex and Lucia is so alluring
2	Sex and Lucia
2	Sex and
2	is so alluring
2	so alluring
3	An elegant work , Food of Love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing .
4	An elegant work , Food of Love
3	An elegant work ,
4	An elegant work
3	elegant work
2	Food of Love
2	of Love
4	is as consistently engaging as it is revealing .
4	is as consistently engaging as it is revealing
2	is as consistently
2	as consistently
3	engaging as it is revealing
2	as it is revealing
2	it is revealing
2	is revealing
3	Although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of Spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
1	Although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of Spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse
2	largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of Spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse
1	a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of Spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse
1	a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and
2	a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings
1	a heavy-handed indictment
2	heavy-handed indictment
1	of parental failings
2	parental failings
2	the indifference of Spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse
2	the indifference of Spanish social workers and
2	the indifference of Spanish social workers
2	the indifference
2	of Spanish social workers
2	Spanish social workers
2	social workers
2	legal system towards child abuse
2	legal system
1	towards child abuse
0	child abuse
4	, the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
3	the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
2	the film
4	retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
3	retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching
4	ambiguities that make it well worth watching
4	that make it well worth watching
3	make it well worth watching
4	it well worth watching
4	well worth watching
3	well worth
2	A behind the scenes look at the training and dedication that goes into becoming a world-class fencer and the champion that 's made a difference to NYC inner-city youth .
2	A behind the scenes
2	behind the scenes
2	the scenes
2	look at the training and dedication that goes into becoming a world-class fencer and the champion that 's made a difference to NYC inner-city youth .
2	look at the training and dedication that goes into becoming a world-class fencer and the champion that 's made a difference to NYC inner-city youth
2	at the training and dedication that goes into becoming a world-class fencer and the champion that 's made a difference to NYC inner-city youth
2	the training and dedication that goes into becoming a world-class fencer and the champion that 's made a difference to NYC inner-city youth
2	the training and dedication that goes into becoming a world-class fencer and
3	the training and dedication that goes into becoming a world-class fencer
3	the training and dedication
2	training and dedication
2	training and
3	that goes into becoming a world-class fencer
2	goes into becoming a world-class fencer
3	into becoming a world-class fencer
2	becoming a world-class fencer
3	a world-class fencer
2	world-class fencer
3	the champion that 's made a difference to NYC inner-city youth
2	the champion
2	that 's made a difference to NYC inner-city youth
2	's made a difference to NYC inner-city youth
2	made a difference to NYC inner-city youth
3	made a difference
2	a difference
2	to NYC inner-city youth
2	NYC inner-city youth
2	inner-city youth
2	A brain twister , less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on Hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy .
2	A brain twister
2	brain twister
1	, less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on Hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy .
2	less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on Hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy .
2	less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on Hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy
3	a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on Hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy
2	a movie-movie
3	than a funny and weird meditation on Hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy
2	a funny and weird meditation on Hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy
2	a funny and weird meditation
3	funny and weird meditation
4	funny and weird
3	funny and
2	on Hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy
3	Hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy
3	Hollywood , success , artistic integrity and
3	Hollywood , success , artistic integrity
3	Hollywood , success ,
3	Hollywood , success
2	Hollywood ,
2	artistic integrity
1	intellectual bankruptcy
3	A powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution .
3	A powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution
3	A powerful , inflammatory film
3	powerful , inflammatory film
1	, inflammatory film
2	inflammatory film
2	about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution
2	religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution
3	religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and
3	religion that dares to question an ancient faith ,
3	religion that dares to question an ancient faith
2	that dares to question an ancient faith
2	dares to question an ancient faith
2	to question an ancient faith
2	question an ancient faith
2	an ancient faith
2	ancient faith
1	about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution
3	about hatred
1	that offers no easy , comfortable resolution
1	offers no easy , comfortable resolution
2	no easy , comfortable resolution
2	easy , comfortable resolution
3	easy , comfortable
3	, comfortable
3	In its own floundering way , it gets to you .
2	In its own floundering way
2	its own floundering way
1	own floundering way
1	floundering way
3	, it gets to you .
3	it gets to you .
2	gets to you .
2	gets to you
2	to you
2	Just like Igby .
2	like Igby .
2	like Igby
3	Return to Never Land may be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it 's not half-bad .
2	Return to Never Land may be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it 's not half-bad
1	Return to Never Land may be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but
1	Return to Never Land may be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families ,
1	Return to Never Land may be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families
2	Return to Never Land
2	to Never Land
2	Never Land
1	may be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families
1	be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families
0	be another shameless attempt by Disney
2	another shameless attempt by Disney
1	another shameless attempt
1	shameless attempt
2	by Disney
2	to rake in dough from baby boomer families
2	rake in dough from baby boomer families
2	in dough from baby boomer families
1	dough from baby boomer families
2	from baby boomer families
2	baby boomer families
2	boomer families
3	it 's not half-bad
2	's not half-bad
2	's not
3	Wise and deadpan humorous .
3	Wise and deadpan
2	Wise and
3	humorous .
3	God bless Crudup and his aversion to taking the easy Hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness .
3	God bless Crudup and his aversion to taking the easy Hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star
2	God bless Crudup and
2	God bless Crudup
3	bless Crudup
2	his aversion to taking the easy Hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star
1	his aversion
2	to taking the easy Hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star
2	taking the easy Hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star
2	taking the easy Hollywood road and
3	taking the easy Hollywood road
2	the easy Hollywood road
2	easy Hollywood road
3	Hollywood road
2	cashing in on his movie-star
2	cashing in
2	on his movie-star
2	his movie-star
3	gorgeousness .
2	If Signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere .
2	If Signs is a good film , and it is
4	Signs is a good film , and it is
3	Signs is a good film , and
4	Signs is a good film ,
4	Signs is a good film
4	is a good film
3	a good film
4	good film
3	it is
3	, the essence of a great one is in there somewhere .
3	the essence of a great one is in there somewhere .
3	the essence of a great one
2	the essence
4	of a great one
3	a great one
3	great one
2	is in there somewhere .
3	is in there somewhere
2	is in there
2	in there
2	Veterans of the dating wars will smirk uneasily at the film 's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures .
2	Veterans of the dating wars
2	of the dating wars
2	the dating wars
2	dating wars
2	will smirk uneasily at the film 's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures .
2	will smirk uneasily at the film 's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures
1	smirk uneasily at the film 's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures
1	smirk uneasily
1	at the film 's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures
1	the film 's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures
2	the film 's nightmare versions
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	nightmare versions
3	of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures
1	everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures
2	sex-in-the-city misadventures
3	Schrader examines Crane 's decline with unblinking candor .
3	examines Crane 's decline with unblinking candor .
2	examines Crane 's decline with unblinking candor
3	Crane 's decline with unblinking candor
1	Crane 's decline
2	Crane 's
3	with unblinking candor
2	unblinking candor
3	You can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards .
4	can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards .
4	can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards
4	watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards
4	watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost
3	watch , giggle and get
3	watch , giggle and
3	watch , giggle
2	watch ,
3	an adrenaline boost
3	adrenaline boost
2	without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards
1	feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards
2	like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards
0	you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards
1	've completely lowered your entertainment standards
3	've completely
0	lowered your entertainment standards
3	your entertainment standards
2	entertainment standards
3	It thankfully goes easy on the reel\/real world dichotomy that -LRB- Jaglom -RRB- pursued with such enervating determination in Venice\/Venice .
3	thankfully goes easy on the reel\/real world dichotomy that -LRB- Jaglom -RRB- pursued with such enervating determination in Venice\/Venice .
3	goes easy on the reel\/real world dichotomy that -LRB- Jaglom -RRB- pursued with such enervating determination in Venice\/Venice .
2	goes easy on the reel\/real world dichotomy that -LRB- Jaglom -RRB- pursued with such enervating determination in Venice\/Venice
2	goes easy on the reel\/real world dichotomy
2	easy on the reel\/real world dichotomy
2	on the reel\/real world dichotomy
2	the reel\/real world dichotomy
2	reel\/real world dichotomy
2	world dichotomy
3	that -LRB- Jaglom -RRB- pursued with such enervating determination in Venice\/Venice
2	-LRB- Jaglom -RRB- pursued with such enervating determination in Venice\/Venice
2	Jaglom -RRB- pursued with such enervating determination in Venice\/Venice
2	-RRB- pursued with such enervating determination in Venice\/Venice
2	pursued with such enervating determination in Venice\/Venice
2	with such enervating determination in Venice\/Venice
2	such enervating determination in Venice\/Venice
3	such enervating determination
3	enervating determination
2	in Venice\/Venice
3	This rich , bittersweet Israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man Pasach ` ke Burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines .
3	This rich , bittersweet Israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man Pasach ` ke Burstein and his family ,
3	This rich , bittersweet Israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man Pasach ` ke Burstein and his family
3	This rich , bittersweet Israeli documentary ,
3	This rich , bittersweet Israeli documentary
3	rich , bittersweet Israeli documentary
2	, bittersweet Israeli documentary
2	bittersweet Israeli documentary
2	Israeli documentary
2	about the life of song-and-dance-man Pasach ` ke Burstein and his family
3	about the life
2	the life
2	of song-and-dance-man Pasach ` ke Burstein and his family
2	song-and-dance-man Pasach ` ke Burstein and his family
2	song-and-dance-man Pasach ` ke Burstein and
2	song-and-dance-man Pasach ` ke Burstein
2	Pasach ` ke Burstein
3	` ke Burstein
2	ke Burstein
2	his family
1	transcends ethnic lines .
3	transcends ethnic lines
2	ethnic lines
2	Sensitively examines general issues of race and justice among the poor , and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do .
3	examines general issues of race and justice among the poor , and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do .
3	examines general issues of race and justice among the poor , and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do
1	examines general issues of race and justice among the poor , and
2	examines general issues of race and justice among the poor ,
2	examines general issues of race and justice among the poor
2	examines general issues of race and justice
2	general issues of race and justice
2	general issues
2	of race and justice
2	race and justice
2	race and
2	among the poor
2	the poor
2	specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do
2	raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do
2	raises serious questions about the death penalty and
2	raises serious questions about the death penalty
1	raises serious questions
2	serious questions
2	about the death penalty
1	the death penalty
1	death penalty
2	asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do
1	what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do
3	good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do
2	good the execution of a mentally challenged woman
3	good the execution
1	the execution
2	of a mentally challenged woman
2	a mentally challenged woman
2	mentally challenged woman
2	mentally challenged
2	could possibly do
2	could possibly
4	Cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh .
3	Cool gadgets and creatures
2	gadgets and creatures
2	gadgets and
3	keep this fresh .
3	keep this fresh
2	this fresh
2	Not as good as the original , but what is ...
1	Not as good as the original
3	as good as the original
3	good as the original
3	as the original
3	the original
2	, but what is ...
2	, but
2	what is ...
2	what is
3	Presents a side of contemporary Chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .
3	a side of contemporary Chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .
3	a side of contemporary Chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know
2	a side
2	of contemporary Chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know
3	contemporary Chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know
2	contemporary Chinese life
2	Chinese life
2	that many outsiders will be surprised to know
2	many outsiders will be surprised to know
2	many outsiders
2	will be surprised to know
2	be surprised to know
2	surprised to know
2	to know
3	exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .
3	exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation
2	exists , and
3	exists ,
3	does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation
3	so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation
3	with an artistry that also smacks of revelation
4	an artistry that also smacks of revelation
3	an artistry
2	that also smacks of revelation
2	also smacks of revelation
2	smacks of revelation
2	of revelation
3	-LRB- Jeff 's -RRB- gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by Neil Finn and Edmund McWilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent .
4	-LRB- Jeff 's -RRB- gorgeous , fluid compositions ,
4	-LRB- Jeff 's -RRB- gorgeous , fluid compositions
3	-LRB- Jeff 's -RRB- gorgeous ,
3	-LRB- Jeff 's -RRB- gorgeous
3	Jeff 's -RRB- gorgeous
2	Jeff 's
4	-RRB- gorgeous
2	fluid compositions
2	underlined by Neil Finn and Edmund McWilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent .
2	underlined by Neil Finn and Edmund McWilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent
2	underlined by Neil Finn and Edmund
2	by Neil Finn and Edmund
2	Neil Finn and Edmund
2	Finn and Edmund
2	Finn and
2	McWilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent
2	McWilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but
3	McWilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor ,
2	McWilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor
2	McWilliams 's melancholy music
2	McWilliams 's
2	melancholy music
2	, are charged with metaphor
2	are charged with metaphor
2	charged with metaphor
2	with metaphor
3	rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent
2	easy , obvious or self-indulgent
2	, obvious or self-indulgent
1	obvious or self-indulgent
2	obvious or
4	Engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .
4	Engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched
3	Engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and
4	Engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story ,
3	Engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story
4	Engages us in constant fits of laughter ,
4	Engages us in constant fits of laughter
3	Engages us
3	in constant fits of laughter
3	constant fits of laughter
2	constant fits
2	of laughter
2	until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story
3	we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story
3	find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story
4	ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story
3	surprised at how much we care about the story
3	at how much we care about the story
2	how much we care about the story
2	how much
4	we care about the story
2	care about the story
2	about the story
2	the story
4	end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched
3	up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched
3	up walking out not only satisfied but
2	up walking out not only satisfied
2	walking out not only satisfied
2	walking out
3	not only satisfied
2	only satisfied
3	also somewhat touched
3	somewhat touched
3	a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it
3	a bilingual charmer ,
3	a bilingual charmer
3	bilingual charmer
2	just like the woman who inspired it
2	like the woman who inspired it
2	the woman who inspired it
2	the woman
2	who inspired it
2	inspired it
4	Blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden .
2	Blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys
3	rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys
3	, scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys
3	scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys
3	scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it
2	scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage
3	scarily funny ,
3	scarily funny
2	sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage
2	sympathetic to the damage
2	to the damage
2	the damage
3	, the film has in Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden .
3	the film has in Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden .
2	the film
3	has in Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden .
2	has in Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden
2	in Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden
3	Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden
2	Kieran Culkin
3	a pitch-perfect Holden
3	pitch-perfect Holden
3	The fourth `` Pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .
2	The fourth `` Pokemon ''
2	fourth `` Pokemon ''
2	`` Pokemon ''
2	Pokemon ''
3	is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .
2	is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance
3	is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee ,
2	is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee
3	a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee
2	a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure
2	diverting -- if predictable -- adventure
2	diverting -- if predictable --
1	-- if predictable --
2	if predictable --
2	if predictable
2	suitable for a matinee
2	for a matinee
2	a matinee
3	with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance
4	a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance
2	a message
2	that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance
2	cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance
2	cautions children
2	about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance
2	disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance
2	the world 's delicate ecological balance
2	the world 's
2	world 's
2	delicate ecological balance
2	ecological balance
3	What one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
2	What one is left with
2	one is left with
2	is left with
2	left with
3	, even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
3	even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
2	even after the most awful acts are committed
1	after the most awful acts are committed
1	the most awful acts are committed
0	the most awful acts
1	most awful acts
1	awful acts
3	are committed
2	, is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
3	is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
1	is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream
1	an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream
2	an overwhelming sadness
1	overwhelming sadness
2	that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream
2	feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream
3	as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream
2	if it has made its way into your very bloodstream
3	it has made its way into your very bloodstream
3	has made its way into your very bloodstream
2	made its way into your very bloodstream
2	made its way
2	its way
2	into your very bloodstream
2	your very bloodstream
2	very bloodstream
2	-LRB- It -RRB- has the feel of a summer popcorn movie .
2	-LRB- It -RRB-
2	It -RRB-
3	has the feel of a summer popcorn movie .
3	has the feel of a summer popcorn movie
3	the feel of a summer popcorn movie
2	the feel
3	of a summer popcorn movie
3	a summer popcorn movie
2	summer popcorn movie
2	popcorn movie
1	Nothing too deep or substantial .
1	too deep or substantial .
2	too deep or substantial
3	deep or substantial
3	deep or
2	Explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound .
2	Explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes
2	Explosions , jokes , and
2	Explosions , jokes ,
2	Explosions , jokes
2	Explosions ,
2	sexual innuendoes
2	abound .
4	Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about Spirited Away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .
3	Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about Spirited Away is that there is no rest period , no timeout
4	Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid ,
4	Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid
3	Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and
3	Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning ,
4	Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning
2	Miyazaki 's nonstop images
2	Miyazaki 's
2	nonstop images
3	are so stunning
3	so stunning
4	his imagination so vivid
2	his imagination
3	so vivid
2	that the only possible complaint you could have about Spirited Away is that there is no rest period , no timeout
4	the only possible complaint you could have about Spirited Away is that there is no rest period , no timeout
2	the only possible complaint you could have about Spirited Away
2	the only possible complaint
2	only possible complaint
2	possible complaint
2	you could have about Spirited Away
2	could have about Spirited Away
2	have about Spirited Away
2	about Spirited Away
2	Spirited Away
2	is that there is no rest period , no timeout
1	that there is no rest period , no timeout
2	there is no rest period , no timeout
3	is no rest period , no timeout
1	no rest period , no timeout
1	no rest period ,
2	no rest period
2	rest period
1	no timeout
4	... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .
4	a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .
4	a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender
4	a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy
4	delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy
4	delightfully unpredictable , hilarious
4	unpredictable , hilarious
3	, hilarious
4	with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender
4	wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender
3	wonderful performances
3	that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender
3	tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender
4	tug at your heart in ways
2	at your heart in ways
2	your heart in ways
2	your heart
2	in ways
2	that utterly transcend gender
3	utterly transcend gender
2	utterly transcend
2	labels .
4	Assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan .
4	Assured , vital and well wrought
3	Assured , vital and
3	Assured , vital
2	Assured ,
3	well wrought
4	, the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan .
4	the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan .
2	the film
3	is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan .
4	is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan
2	is , arguably ,
2	is , arguably
2	is ,
4	the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan
3	the most accomplished work
4	most accomplished work
3	accomplished work
2	to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan
2	date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan
2	from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan
2	Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan
2	Hong Kong 's
2	Kong 's
3	versatile Stanley Kwan
2	Stanley Kwan
4	Delia , Greta , and Paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year .
2	Delia , Greta , and Paula
2	, Greta , and Paula
2	Greta , and Paula
2	, and Paula
3	, and
4	rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year .
4	rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year
3	as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year
2	as three
4	of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year
3	the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year
2	the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters
4	most multilayered and sympathetic female characters
3	most multilayered and sympathetic
3	multilayered and sympathetic
2	multilayered and
2	female characters
2	of the year
2	the year
3	As each of them searches for their place in the world , Miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .
2	As each of them searches for their place in the world
2	each of them searches for their place in the world
2	each of them
2	of them
2	searches for their place in the world
2	for their place in the world
3	their place in the world
2	their place
2	in the world
2	the world
3	, Miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .
3	Miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .
3	digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .
2	digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity
3	digs into their very minds
2	into their very minds
2	their very minds
3	very minds
2	to find an unblinking , flawed humanity
2	find an unblinking , flawed humanity
2	an unblinking , flawed humanity
2	unblinking , flawed humanity
1	, flawed humanity
3	flawed humanity
3	A surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .
4	A surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy
4	surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy
4	surprisingly sweet and gentle
3	sweet and gentle
3	sweet and
3	Shanghai Ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .
2	Shanghai Ghetto , much stranger than any fiction ,
2	Shanghai Ghetto , much stranger than any fiction
2	Shanghai Ghetto ,
2	Shanghai Ghetto
1	much stranger than any fiction
2	much stranger
2	than any fiction
3	any fiction
4	brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .
3	brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life
3	brings this unknown slice of history affectingly
2	this unknown slice of history affectingly
2	this unknown slice
2	unknown slice
2	of history affectingly
2	history affectingly
2	to life
3	It 's not particularly well made , but since I found myself howling more than cringing , I 'd say the film works .
3	It 's not particularly well made , but since I found myself howling more than cringing , I 'd say the film works
1	It 's not particularly well made , but
2	It 's not particularly well made ,
1	It 's not particularly well made
0	's not particularly well made
2	's not
4	particularly well made
3	well made
2	since I found myself howling more than cringing , I 'd say the film works
2	since I found myself howling more than cringing
3	I found myself howling more than cringing
2	found myself howling more than cringing
2	found myself
2	howling more than cringing
2	howling more
2	than cringing
3	, I 'd say the film works
2	I 'd say the film works
2	'd say the film works
2	say the film works
3	the film works
2	film works
2	But this is Lohman 's film .
2	this is Lohman 's film .
2	is Lohman 's film .
2	is Lohman 's film
2	Lohman 's film
2	Lohman 's
3	Her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .
2	Her performance
2	moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .
2	moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks
3	moves between heartbreak and rebellion
2	between heartbreak and rebellion
2	heartbreak and rebellion
2	heartbreak and
3	as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks
2	she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks
2	continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks
2	tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks
3	to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks
2	accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks
2	to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks
2	fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks
2	fit in and
2	fit in
1	gain the unconditional love she seeks
3	the unconditional love she seeks
2	the unconditional love
2	unconditional love
2	she seeks
3	Though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of Blue Crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
3	Though its story is only surface deep
1	its story is only surface deep
2	its story
2	is only surface deep
2	is only surface
2	only surface
3	, the visuals and enveloping sounds of Blue Crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
3	the visuals and enveloping sounds of Blue Crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
2	the visuals and enveloping sounds of Blue Crush
2	the visuals and enveloping sounds
3	visuals and enveloping sounds
2	and enveloping sounds
3	enveloping sounds
2	of Blue Crush
2	Blue Crush
4	make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
3	make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see
3	make this surprisingly decent flick
3	this surprisingly decent flick
4	surprisingly decent flick
3	surprisingly decent
3	worth a summertime look-see
3	a summertime look-see
2	summertime look-see
2	Ryosuke has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family .
3	has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family .
3	has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family
3	created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family
2	created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation
3	a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation
3	wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation
2	wry , winning , if languidly paced ,
3	, winning , if languidly paced ,
2	winning , if languidly paced ,
2	, if languidly paced ,
2	if languidly paced ,
2	languidly paced ,
2	paced ,
2	on the meaning and value of family
3	the meaning and value of family
3	the meaning and value
3	meaning and value
2	meaning and
2	of family
3	Sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this Argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .
3	Sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating
3	charming , sometimes infuriating
4	charming ,
2	sometimes infuriating
2	, this Argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .
3	this Argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .
2	this Argentinean ` dramedy '
3	Argentinean ` dramedy '
2	` dramedy '
3	dramedy '
3	succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .
2	succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors
3	succeeds mainly
3	on the shoulders of its actors
2	the shoulders of its actors
2	the shoulders
3	of its actors
2	its actors
3	You may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .
2	may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .
2	may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject
3	feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject
3	compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject
2	to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject
2	watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject
2	watch the film twice or
3	watch the film twice
3	watch the film
2	the film
2	pick up a book on the subject
2	pick up
2	a book on the subject
2	a book
2	on the subject
2	the subject
4	Often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .
3	Often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers
3	Often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration
3	Often shocking but ultimately worthwhile
2	Often shocking but
2	Often shocking
3	ultimately worthwhile
1	of motherhood and desperate mothers
2	motherhood and desperate mothers
2	motherhood and desperate
2	motherhood and
4	A venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .
4	A venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director
4	A venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece
3	venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece
4	venturesome , beautifully realized
3	, beautifully realized
4	beautifully realized
2	psychological mood piece
2	mood piece
2	that reveals its first-time feature director
2	reveals its first-time feature director
3	its first-time feature director
2	first-time feature director
2	feature director
4	's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .
2	's understanding of the expressive power of the camera
3	understanding of the expressive power of the camera
3	of the expressive power of the camera
3	the expressive power of the camera
3	the expressive power
4	expressive power
2	of the camera
2	the camera
3	Like The Rugrats movies , The Wild Thornberrys Movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome .
3	Like The Rugrats movies , The Wild Thornberrys Movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome
1	Like The Rugrats movies , The Wild Thornberrys Movie does n't offer much more than the series , but
1	Like The Rugrats movies , The Wild Thornberrys Movie does n't offer much more than the series ,
1	Like The Rugrats movies , The Wild Thornberrys Movie does n't offer much more than the series
2	Like The Rugrats movies
2	The Rugrats movies
2	Rugrats movies
1	, The Wild Thornberrys Movie does n't offer much more than the series
1	The Wild Thornberrys Movie does n't offer much more than the series
3	The Wild Thornberrys Movie
2	Wild Thornberrys Movie
3	Thornberrys Movie
2	does n't offer much more than the series
1	does n't
3	offer much more than the series
2	offer much more
2	much more
2	than the series
2	the series
3	its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome
4	its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures
2	its emphasis
2	on caring for animals and respecting other cultures
3	caring for animals and respecting other cultures
3	caring for animals and
2	caring for animals
2	for animals
2	respecting other cultures
2	other cultures
2	is particularly welcome
2	particularly welcome
1	Taken outside the context of the current political climate -LRB- see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! -RRB-
2	Taken outside the context of the current political climate
2	outside the context of the current political climate
2	the context of the current political climate
2	the context
1	of the current political climate
2	the current political climate
2	current political climate
2	political climate
2	-LRB- see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! -RRB-
2	see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! -RRB-
1	see : terrorists are more evil than ever !
2	: terrorists are more evil than ever !
1	terrorists are more evil than ever !
2	terrorists are more evil than ever
2	are more evil than ever
1	more evil than ever
2	evil than ever
2	than ever
4	, The Sum of All Fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .
2	, The Sum of All Fears
2	, The Sum
2	The Sum
2	of All Fears
2	All Fears
4	is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .
4	is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller
2	is simply
4	a well-made and satisfying thriller
4	well-made and satisfying thriller
4	well-made and satisfying
3	well-made and
2	The setting is so cool that it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game .
2	The setting
2	is so cool that it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game .
3	is so cool that it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game
3	is so cool
3	so cool
2	that it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game
1	it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game
2	chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game
2	chills the characters ,
2	chills the characters
2	the characters
2	reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game
3	reducing our emotional stake
2	our emotional stake
2	emotional stake
2	in the outcome of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game
4	the outcome of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game
2	the outcome of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous and
2	the outcome of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous
2	the outcome
2	of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous
2	`` Intacto 's '' dangerous
2	Intacto 's '' dangerous
2	Intacto 's
1	'' dangerous
3	seductively stylish game
3	seductively stylish
3	A lovely and beautifully photographed romance .
3	A lovely and beautifully
4	lovely and beautifully
3	lovely and
2	photographed romance .
2	photographed romance
4	One of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the French film industry in years .
4	One of the most splendid
3	of the most splendid
3	the most splendid
4	most splendid
2	entertainments to emerge from the French film industry in years .
2	entertainments to emerge from the French film industry in years
2	to emerge from the French film industry in years
2	emerge from the French film industry in years
2	from the French film industry in years
2	the French film industry in years
2	the French film industry
2	French film industry
2	film industry
2	in years
2	Its vision of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition .
2	Its vision of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else
2	Its vision
2	of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else
2	that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else
2	that awkward age
2	awkward age
2	when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else
1	sex threatens to overwhelm everything else
2	threatens to overwhelm everything else
1	to overwhelm everything else
1	overwhelm everything else
2	everything else
2	is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition .
2	is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition
3	acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition
3	acute enough
3	to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition
2	make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition
2	everyone who has been there squirm with recognition
2	who has been there squirm with recognition
2	has been there squirm with recognition
2	been there squirm with recognition
2	there squirm with recognition
2	squirm with recognition
2	with recognition
3	For almost the first two-thirds of Martin Scorsese 's 168-minute Gangs of New York , I was entranced .
3	For almost the first two-thirds of Martin Scorsese 's 168-minute Gangs of New York
2	almost the first two-thirds of Martin Scorsese 's 168-minute Gangs of New York
2	almost the first two-thirds of Martin Scorsese 's 168-minute Gangs
2	almost the first two-thirds
2	the first two-thirds
2	first two-thirds
2	of Martin Scorsese 's 168-minute Gangs
2	Martin Scorsese 's 168-minute Gangs
2	Martin Scorsese 's
2	Scorsese 's
2	168-minute Gangs
2	of New York
2	New York
4	, I was entranced .
3	I was entranced .
3	was entranced .
3	was entranced
2	Open-ended and composed of layer upon layer , Talk to Her is a cinephile 's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations .
2	Open-ended and composed of layer upon layer
3	Open-ended and composed
2	Open-ended and
2	of layer upon layer
3	layer upon layer
2	upon layer
3	, Talk to Her is a cinephile 's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations .
2	Talk to Her is a cinephile 's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations .
2	Talk to Her
2	to Her
2	is a cinephile 's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations .
4	is a cinephile 's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations
3	a cinephile 's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations
4	a cinephile 's feast ,
2	a cinephile 's feast
2	a cinephile 's
2	cinephile 's
2	an invitation to countless interpretations
2	an invitation
2	to countless interpretations
2	countless interpretations
4	One of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .
3	One of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies
3	of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies
2	the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies
3	most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies
4	most slyly exquisite
3	slyly exquisite
2	anti-adult movies
2	ever made .
2	made .
1	What makes Esther Kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony .
2	What makes Esther Kahn so demanding
2	makes Esther Kahn so demanding
2	Esther Kahn so demanding
2	Esther Kahn
2	so demanding
1	is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony .
1	is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony
1	that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony
1	it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony
1	progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony
2	progresses in such a low-key manner
2	in such a low-key manner
2	such a low-key manner
2	a low-key manner
2	low-key manner
1	that it risks monotony
2	it risks monotony
2	risks monotony
3	But it 's worth the concentration .
3	it 's worth the concentration .
3	's worth the concentration .
3	's worth the concentration
4	worth the concentration
3	the concentration
3	Neither the funniest film that Eddie Murphy nor Robert De Niro has ever made , Showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .
1	Neither the funniest film that Eddie Murphy nor Robert De Niro has ever made
2	Neither the funniest film
4	the funniest film
4	funniest film
2	that Eddie Murphy nor Robert De Niro has ever made
1	Eddie Murphy nor Robert De Niro has ever made
2	Eddie Murphy nor Robert De Niro
2	Murphy nor Robert De Niro
2	nor Robert De Niro
2	Robert De Niro
2	De Niro
2	has ever made
2	has ever
2	, Showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .
3	Showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .
3	is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .
3	is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while
3	nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while
3	nevertheless efficiently
3	amusing for a good while
2	for a good while
2	a good while
2	good while
1	Before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway .
1	Before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy
0	it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy
0	collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy
2	into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy
2	exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy
2	exactly the kind
2	the kind
2	of buddy cop comedy
3	buddy cop comedy
2	cop comedy
2	it set out to lampoon , anyway .
1	set out to lampoon , anyway .
3	set out to lampoon , anyway
2	set out to lampoon ,
2	set out to lampoon
2	set out
2	to lampoon
3	A clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .
3	A clever script and skilled actors
3	A clever script and
3	A clever script
4	clever script
3	skilled actors
3	bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .
3	bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics
3	bring new energy
3	new energy
3	to the familiar topic of office politics
3	the familiar topic of office politics
2	the familiar topic
2	familiar topic
2	of office politics
2	office politics
4	The determination of Pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director Patricio Guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop .
4	The determination of Pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director Patricio Guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop
2	The determination of Pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and
2	The determination of Pinochet 's victims to seek justice ,
2	The determination of Pinochet 's victims to seek justice
2	The determination of Pinochet 's victims
2	The determination
2	of Pinochet 's victims
1	Pinochet 's victims
2	Pinochet 's
2	to seek justice
2	seek justice
4	their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director Patricio Guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop
3	their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director Patricio Guzman 's camera ,
3	their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director Patricio Guzman 's camera
2	their often heartbreaking testimony ,
2	their often heartbreaking testimony
2	often heartbreaking testimony
1	often heartbreaking
2	spoken directly into director Patricio Guzman 's camera
2	spoken directly
2	into director Patricio Guzman 's camera
2	director Patricio Guzman 's camera
2	director Patricio Guzman 's
2	Patricio Guzman 's
2	Guzman 's
4	pack a powerful emotional wallop
3	a powerful emotional wallop
4	powerful emotional wallop
2	emotional wallop
2	Disney aficionados will notice distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical `` Bedknobs and Broomsticks , '' which also dealt with British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime .
2	Disney aficionados
2	will notice distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical `` Bedknobs and Broomsticks , '' which also dealt with British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime .
2	will notice distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical `` Bedknobs and Broomsticks , '' which also dealt with British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime
2	notice distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical `` Bedknobs and Broomsticks , '' which also dealt with British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime
3	distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical `` Bedknobs and Broomsticks , '' which also dealt with British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime
2	distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical
2	distinct parallels
2	between this story and the 1971 musical
2	this story and the 1971 musical
2	this story and
2	this story
2	the 1971 musical
2	1971 musical
2	`` Bedknobs and Broomsticks , '' which also dealt with British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime
2	Bedknobs and Broomsticks , '' which also dealt with British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime
2	Bedknobs and Broomsticks , ''
2	Bedknobs and Broomsticks ,
2	Bedknobs and Broomsticks
2	Bedknobs and
3	which also dealt with British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime
3	also dealt with British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime
2	dealt with British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime
2	with British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime
3	British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime
3	British children
3	rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime
3	rediscovering the power of fantasy
4	the power of fantasy
3	the power
2	of fantasy
2	during wartime
3	It 's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .
3	's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .
3	's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts
3	's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles
2	's ...
3	worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles
3	the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles
3	extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles
3	effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles
2	to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles
3	see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles
2	see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade ,
4	see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade
2	see an artist ,
2	see an artist
2	an artist
3	still committed to growth in his ninth decade
3	committed to growth in his ninth decade
2	to growth in his ninth decade
2	growth in his ninth decade
2	in his ninth decade
3	his ninth decade
2	ninth decade
2	change while remaining true to his principles
3	while remaining true to his principles
2	remaining true to his principles
3	true to his principles
2	to his principles
2	his principles
2	with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts
2	a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts
2	a film
2	whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts
2	very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts
2	very subject
2	is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts
3	is , quite pointedly ,
2	is , quite pointedly
2	is ,
2	quite pointedly
2	about the peril of such efforts
2	the peril of such efforts
2	the peril
2	of such efforts
2	such efforts
3	Dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .
2	Dark and unrepentant
2	Dark and
2	, this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .
3	this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .
2	this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability
2	this excursion
2	into the epicenter of percolating mental instability
2	the epicenter of percolating mental instability
2	the epicenter
2	of percolating mental instability
2	percolating mental instability
2	mental instability
3	is not easily dismissed or forgotten .
2	is not easily dismissed or forgotten
2	is not easily
1	is not
2	dismissed or forgotten
2	dismissed or
4	It 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .
3	's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .
2	's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages
4	a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages
3	a rollicking adventure for you and
3	a rollicking adventure for you
4	a rollicking adventure
3	rollicking adventure
2	for you
2	all your mateys , regardless of their ages
3	all your mateys ,
2	all your mateys
2	your mateys
2	regardless of their ages
2	of their ages
2	their ages
3	Boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun .
3	Boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun
3	Boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and
3	Boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces
3	a handful of virtuosic set pieces
3	a handful
3	of virtuosic set pieces
3	virtuosic set pieces
2	set pieces
3	offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun
2	a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun
2	a fair amount
3	fair amount
3	of trashy , kinky fun
3	trashy , kinky fun
3	, kinky fun
3	kinky fun
2	... Myers has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-Tarantino pop-culture riffs ...
2	Myers has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-Tarantino pop-culture riffs ...
2	has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-Tarantino pop-culture riffs ...
1	has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-Tarantino pop-culture riffs
2	turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-Tarantino pop-culture riffs
2	turned his franchise
2	his franchise
2	into the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-Tarantino pop-culture riffs
1	the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-Tarantino pop-culture riffs
2	the movie version
3	movie version
1	of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-Tarantino pop-culture riffs
2	an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-Tarantino pop-culture riffs
2	an adolescent dirty-joke book
1	adolescent dirty-joke book
2	dirty-joke book
2	done up in post-Tarantino pop-culture riffs
2	done up
2	in post-Tarantino pop-culture riffs
2	post-Tarantino pop-culture riffs
2	pop-culture riffs
3	If you 're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with Jason X.
2	If you 're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick
2	you 're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick
2	're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick
1	're down
1	for a silly hack-and-slash flick
1	a silly hack-and-slash flick
2	silly hack-and-slash flick
2	hack-and-slash flick
3	, you can do no wrong with Jason X.
3	you can do no wrong with Jason X.
4	can do no wrong with Jason X.
3	do no wrong with Jason X.
3	do no wrong
3	no wrong
2	with Jason X.
2	Jason X.
3	This is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it .
3	This is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it
3	This is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but
3	This is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker ,
3	This is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker
3	is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker
3	a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker
3	a very ambitious project
3	very ambitious project
3	very ambitious
1	for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker
1	a fairly inexperienced filmmaker
2	fairly inexperienced filmmaker
2	fairly inexperienced
3	good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it
4	good actors , good poetry and good music
4	good actors , good poetry and
3	good actors , good poetry
3	good actors ,
3	good actors
3	good poetry
3	good music
3	help sustain it
2	sustain it
4	The modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases
3	The modern master of the chase sequence
4	The modern master
3	modern master
2	of the chase sequence
2	the chase sequence
2	chase sequence
3	returns with a chase to end all chases
3	with a chase to end all chases
2	a chase to end all chases
3	chase to end all chases
2	to end all chases
3	end all chases
2	all chases
2	The messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time .
1	The messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort
2	The messy emotions
2	messy emotions
1	raging throughout this three-hour effort
2	throughout this three-hour effort
2	this three-hour effort
2	three-hour effort
4	are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time .
3	are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time
3	are instantly recognizable ,
3	are instantly recognizable
2	instantly recognizable
2	allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time
2	the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time
2	film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time
2	to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time
2	to paradoxically
2	feel familiar and foreign at the same time
2	feel familiar and foreign
2	familiar and foreign
2	familiar and
2	at the same time
2	the same time
2	same time
2	... either you 're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you 're not .
2	either you 're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you 're not .
2	either you 're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you 're not
2	either you 're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or
1	either you 're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept
2	you 're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept
2	're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept
1	willing to go with this claustrophobic concept
1	to go with this claustrophobic concept
1	go with this claustrophobic concept
2	with this claustrophobic concept
1	this claustrophobic concept
1	claustrophobic concept
1	you 're not
2	're not
2	Just watch Bettany strut his stuff .
2	watch Bettany strut his stuff .
2	watch Bettany strut his stuff
3	Bettany strut his stuff
4	strut his stuff
2	his stuff
3	You 'll know a star when you see one .
3	'll know a star when you see one .
2	'll know a star when you see one
2	know a star when you see one
3	know a star
2	a star
2	when you see one
2	you see one
2	see one
1	Austin Powers in Goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
2	Austin Powers in Goldmember
2	Austin Powers
2	in Goldmember
3	is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
1	is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride
2	a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride
0	a cinematic car wreck ,
2	a cinematic car wreck
1	cinematic car wreck
1	car wreck
2	a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride
0	a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall
1	a catastrophic collision
1	catastrophic collision
1	of tastelessness and gall
1	tastelessness and gall
0	tastelessness and
4	that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride
3	nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride
3	will leave fans clamoring for another ride
3	leave fans clamoring for another ride
3	fans clamoring for another ride
3	clamoring for another ride
2	for another ride
2	another ride
0	You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any Oscars .
1	You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any Oscars
2	You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes , and
1	You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes ,
1	You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes
1	can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes
1	fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes
3	fire a torpedo
2	a torpedo
3	through some of Clancy 's holes
2	some of Clancy 's holes
2	of Clancy 's holes
2	Clancy 's holes
2	Clancy 's
0	the scripters do n't deserve any Oscars
2	the scripters
1	do n't deserve any Oscars
2	do n't
2	deserve any Oscars
2	any Oscars
4	But the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .
3	the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .
2	the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware ,
2	the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware
1	the nerve-raked acting ,
2	the nerve-raked acting
2	nerve-raked acting
3	the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware
2	the crackle
2	of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware
3	lines , the impressive stagings of hardware
2	lines ,
3	the impressive stagings of hardware
2	the impressive stagings
3	impressive stagings
2	of hardware
4	make for some robust and scary entertainment .
4	make for some robust and scary entertainment
3	for some robust and scary entertainment
3	some robust and scary entertainment
2	robust and scary entertainment
3	robust and scary
2	robust and
1	contrasting the original Ringu with the current Americanized adaptation is akin to comparing The Evil Dead with Evil Dead II
2	the original Ringu with the current Americanized adaptation is akin to comparing The Evil Dead with Evil Dead II
2	the original Ringu with the current Americanized adaptation
2	the original Ringu
2	original Ringu
2	with the current Americanized adaptation
2	the current Americanized adaptation
3	current Americanized adaptation
2	Americanized adaptation
2	is akin to comparing The Evil Dead with Evil Dead II
2	akin to comparing The Evil Dead with Evil Dead II
1	to comparing The Evil Dead with Evil Dead II
2	comparing The Evil Dead with Evil Dead II
2	comparing The Evil Dead
2	The Evil Dead
2	Evil Dead
2	with Evil Dead II
3	Evil Dead II
2	Dead II
3	A small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad .
3	A small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it
2	A small gem
3	small gem
3	of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it
4	a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it
2	a movie
3	that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it
2	defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it
2	defies classification and
3	defies classification
3	is as thought-provoking as it
3	is as thought-provoking
3	as thought-provoking
2	as it
3	is funny , scary and sad .
2	is funny , scary and sad
2	funny , scary and sad
2	, scary and sad
1	scary and sad
2	scary and
3	For a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .
2	For a long time
2	a long time
2	long time
3	the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .
2	the film
3	succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .
3	succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them
2	with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them
2	its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them
2	its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and
3	its dark , delicate treatment of these characters
3	its dark , delicate treatment
2	dark , delicate treatment
3	, delicate treatment
3	delicate treatment
2	of these characters
2	these characters
3	its unerring respect for them
3	its unerring respect
3	unerring respect
2	for them
4	It 's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more .
2	's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more .
3	's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more
3	the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more
3	the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller
2	the kind
2	of effectively creepy-scary thriller
4	effectively creepy-scary thriller
3	creepy-scary thriller
2	that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more
1	has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more
2	you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more
1	fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more
3	fixating on a far corner of the screen at times
2	on a far corner of the screen at times
2	a far corner of the screen at times
2	a far corner
2	far corner
2	of the screen at times
2	the screen at times
2	the screen
2	at times
1	because your nerves just ca n't take it any more
2	your nerves just ca n't take it any more
2	your nerves
1	just ca n't take it any more
2	ca n't take it any more
2	ca n't
2	take it any more
3	take it
2	any more
3	Late Marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .
2	Late Marriage
3	is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .
3	is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love
3	an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love
2	an in-your-face family drama and black comedy
3	in-your-face family drama and black comedy
2	family drama and black comedy
2	drama and black comedy
2	and black comedy
2	black comedy
3	that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love
3	is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love
3	filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love
3	filled with raw emotions
3	with raw emotions
3	raw emotions
2	conveying despair and love
2	despair and love
1	despair and
2	An ambitious and moving but bleak film .
3	An ambitious and moving but bleak film
2	ambitious and moving but bleak film
1	ambitious and moving but bleak
2	ambitious and moving but
3	ambitious and moving
3	ambitious and
3	It 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- The Believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .
2	It 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- The Believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work
1	It 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but
1	It 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling ,
1	It 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling
1	's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling
1	's too harsh
1	too harsh
2	to work as a piece of storytelling
2	work as a piece of storytelling
3	as a piece of storytelling
2	a piece of storytelling
2	a piece
2	of storytelling
4	as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- The Believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work
1	as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out --
2	an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out --
3	an intellectual exercise
2	intellectual exercise
1	-- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out --
2	an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out --
0	an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out
1	unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out
2	debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out
2	that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out
3	that 's been given the drive of a narrative and
2	that 's been given the drive of a narrative
2	's been given the drive of a narrative
3	been given the drive of a narrative
2	given the drive of a narrative
2	the drive of a narrative
2	the drive
2	of a narrative
2	a narrative
2	that 's been acted out
2	's been acted out
1	been acted out
2	acted out
3	The Believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work
2	The Believer
4	is nothing less than a provocative piece of work
3	nothing less than a provocative piece of work
2	nothing less
2	than a provocative piece of work
4	a provocative piece of work
3	a provocative piece
4	provocative piece
2	of work
3	It 's sweet .
3	's sweet .
2	's sweet
3	It 's funny .
3	's funny .
2	's funny
1	It wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt .
2	wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt .
3	wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt
3	wears its heart
3	its heart
2	on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt
2	the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt
2	the sleeve
1	of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt
2	its gaudy Hawaiian shirt
1	gaudy Hawaiian shirt
3	Hawaiian shirt
3	And , thanks to the presence of ` the King , ' it also rocks .
3	, thanks to the presence of ` the King , ' it also rocks .
3	thanks to the presence of ` the King , ' it also rocks .
3	thanks to the presence of ` the King
3	thanks to the presence
2	to the presence
2	the presence
2	of ` the King
2	of `
2	the King
3	, ' it also rocks .
3	' it also rocks .
4	it also rocks .
4	also rocks .
3	also rocks
3	It 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .
3	It 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing
2	It 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but
1	It 's never laugh-out-loud funny ,
2	It 's never laugh-out-loud funny
2	's never laugh-out-loud funny
2	's never
3	laugh-out-loud funny
2	it is frequently amusing
3	is frequently amusing
2	is frequently
3	A bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .
4	A bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events
3	A bittersweet film ,
2	A bittersweet film
3	bittersweet film
4	simple in form but rich with human events
2	simple in form but
2	simple in form
3	in form
3	rich with human events
2	with human events
2	human events
3	The unexplored story opportunities of `` Punch-Drunk Love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer\/director Anderson .
2	The unexplored story opportunities of `` Punch-Drunk Love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer\/director Anderson
2	The unexplored story opportunities of `` Punch-Drunk Love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but
2	The unexplored story opportunities of `` Punch-Drunk Love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent
2	The unexplored story opportunities of `` Punch-Drunk Love ''
3	The unexplored story opportunities
2	unexplored story opportunities
2	story opportunities
2	of `` Punch-Drunk Love ''
2	of `` Punch-Drunk Love
2	of ``
2	Punch-Drunk Love
2	may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent
2	have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent
1	worked against the maker 's minimalist intent
1	against the maker 's minimalist intent
2	the maker 's minimalist intent
2	the maker 's
2	maker 's
2	minimalist intent
3	it is an interesting exercise by talented writer\/director Anderson
3	is an interesting exercise by talented writer\/director Anderson
4	an interesting exercise by talented writer\/director Anderson
3	an interesting exercise
2	interesting exercise
4	by talented writer\/director Anderson
3	talented writer\/director Anderson
2	writer\/director Anderson
2	`` Punch-Drunk Love '' is a little like a chocolate milk moustache ...
2	`` Punch-Drunk Love ''
2	Punch-Drunk Love ''
4	Love ''
3	is a little like a chocolate milk moustache ...
3	is a little like a chocolate milk moustache
3	a little like a chocolate milk moustache
2	little like a chocolate milk moustache
2	little like a chocolate milk
2	like a chocolate milk
2	a chocolate milk
2	chocolate milk
3	... digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .
2	digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .
4	digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations
2	digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds
2	beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds
2	the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds
2	the usual portrayals
2	usual portrayals
2	of good kids and bad seeds
2	good kids and bad seeds
2	good kids and
2	good kids
1	bad seeds
2	to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations
2	reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations
2	a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations
2	a more ambivalent set
1	more ambivalent set
2	more ambivalent
2	of characters and motivations
2	characters and motivations
2	characters and
3	The beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor .
3	The beauty of the piece
3	The beauty
2	of the piece
2	the piece
3	is that it counts heart as important as humor .
2	is that it counts heart as important as humor
3	that it counts heart as important as humor
3	it counts heart as important as humor
3	counts heart as important as humor
3	heart as important as humor
3	as important as humor
2	important as humor
2	as humor
3	Piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying .
3	Piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying
3	Piercingly affecting ...
3	Piercingly affecting
3	while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying
2	while clearly a manipulative film ,
2	while clearly a manipulative film
3	clearly a manipulative film
2	a manipulative film
2	manipulative film
3	emerges as powerful rather than cloying
3	as powerful rather than cloying
3	powerful rather than cloying
2	rather than cloying
2	than cloying
3	Very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .
3	Very amusing
1	, not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .
2	not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .
2	not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances
2	not the usual route
2	the usual route
2	usual route
3	in a thriller , and the performances
3	a thriller , and the performances
2	a thriller , and
3	a thriller ,
3	a thriller
2	the performances
1	are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .
2	are odd and pixilated and sometimes both
1	are odd and pixilated and
1	are odd and pixilated
1	odd and pixilated
1	odd and
3	sometimes both
3	While the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some Westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .
1	While the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some Westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo
1	the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some Westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo
2	the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas
3	the frequent allusions
2	frequent allusions
2	to gurus and doshas
2	gurus and doshas
2	gurus and
1	will strike some Westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo
1	strike some Westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo
2	strike some Westerners
2	some Westerners
2	as verging on mumbo-jumbo
1	verging on mumbo-jumbo
2	on mumbo-jumbo
3	... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .
3	broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .
3	broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity
3	broad streaks of common sense
2	broad streaks
3	of common sense
3	common sense
3	emerge with unimpeachable clarity
3	with unimpeachable clarity
3	unimpeachable clarity
4	The cast is phenomenal , especially the women .
2	The cast
4	is phenomenal , especially the women .
4	is phenomenal , especially the women
2	phenomenal , especially the women
4	phenomenal , especially
4	phenomenal ,
2	the women
4	A marvel of production design .
3	A marvel of production design
3	A marvel
2	of production design
2	production design
4	The byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , Carmen -LRB- Vega -RRB- and Juni -LRB- Sabara -RRB- Cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .
2	The byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , Carmen -LRB- Vega -RRB- and Juni -LRB- Sabara -RRB- Cortez ,
2	The byplay and bickering
2	byplay and bickering
2	byplay and
2	between the now spy-savvy siblings , Carmen -LRB- Vega -RRB- and Juni -LRB- Sabara -RRB- Cortez ,
2	the now spy-savvy siblings , Carmen -LRB- Vega -RRB- and Juni -LRB- Sabara -RRB- Cortez ,
2	the now spy-savvy siblings , Carmen -LRB- Vega -RRB- and Juni -LRB- Sabara -RRB- Cortez
2	the now spy-savvy siblings ,
2	the now spy-savvy siblings
2	now spy-savvy siblings
3	spy-savvy siblings
2	Carmen -LRB- Vega -RRB- and Juni -LRB- Sabara -RRB- Cortez
3	Carmen -LRB- Vega -RRB- and
2	Carmen -LRB- Vega -RRB-
2	-LRB- Vega -RRB-
2	Vega -RRB-
2	Juni -LRB- Sabara -RRB- Cortez
2	-LRB- Sabara -RRB- Cortez
2	-LRB- Sabara -RRB-
2	Sabara -RRB-
3	anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .
3	anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take
3	the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take
2	the film
3	in a very real and amusing give-and-take
4	a very real and amusing give-and-take
3	very real and amusing give-and-take
4	very real and amusing
3	real and amusing
3	real and
3	Good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat .
4	Good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat
2	Good actors have a radar for juicy roles --
2	Good actors have a radar for juicy roles
3	Good actors
3	have a radar for juicy roles
2	a radar for juicy roles
2	a radar
3	for juicy roles
2	juicy roles
3	there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat
2	there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not
3	there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and
3	there 's a plethora of characters in this picture ,
2	there 's a plethora of characters in this picture
2	's a plethora of characters in this picture
2	a plethora of characters in this picture
2	a plethora
3	of characters in this picture
2	characters in this picture
2	in this picture
2	this picture
2	one of them is flat
1	one of them
2	of them
1	is flat
4	Though in some ways similar to Catherine Breillat 's Fat Girl , Rain is the far superior film .
2	Though in some ways similar to Catherine Breillat 's Fat Girl
2	in some ways similar to Catherine Breillat 's Fat Girl
2	some ways similar to Catherine Breillat 's Fat Girl
2	some ways
2	similar to Catherine Breillat 's Fat Girl
2	to Catherine Breillat 's Fat Girl
2	Catherine Breillat 's Fat Girl
2	Catherine Breillat 's
2	Breillat 's
2	Fat Girl
3	, Rain is the far superior film .
2	Rain is the far superior film .
4	is the far superior film .
4	is the far superior film
3	the far superior film
3	far superior film
4	far superior
4	Is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief .
2	Is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief
2	Is not so much a work of entertainment
2	Is not so much
1	Is not
2	so much
3	a work of entertainment
2	a work
2	of entertainment
3	as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief
4	it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief
4	is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief
3	a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief
4	a unique , well-crafted psychological study
3	unique , well-crafted psychological study
3	, well-crafted psychological study
3	well-crafted psychological study
2	psychological study
2	of grief
4	Remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
4	Remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity
4	for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity
3	for its excellent storytelling , its economical
3	its excellent storytelling , its economical
3	its excellent storytelling ,
4	its excellent storytelling
4	excellent storytelling
3	its economical
3	, compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity
3	compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity
2	compressed characterisations and
1	compressed characterisations
3	for its profound humanity
2	its profound humanity
3	profound humanity
3	, it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
3	it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
3	's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
3	's an adventure story and history lesson all in one
3	an adventure story and history lesson all in one
3	an adventure story and history lesson
3	adventure story and history lesson
2	story and history lesson
2	and history lesson
2	history lesson
2	all in one
2	in one
4	Colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor .
4	Colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor
4	Colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ...
4	Colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical
4	, energetic and sweetly whimsical
3	energetic and sweetly whimsical
3	energetic and sweetly
3	energetic and
4	the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor
3	the rare sequel
3	rare sequel
3	that 's better than its predecessor
3	's better than its predecessor
4	better than its predecessor
2	than its predecessor
2	its predecessor
3	Reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success .
3	himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success .
3	can take credit for most of the movie 's success .
3	can take credit for most of the movie 's success
3	take credit for most of the movie 's success
2	take credit
3	for most of the movie 's success
3	most of the movie 's success
3	of the movie 's success
3	the movie 's success
2	the movie 's
2	movie 's
3	He 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .
3	's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .
3	's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness
3	one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness
3	of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness
3	the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness
3	the few ` cool ' actors
1	few ` cool ' actors
2	` cool ' actors
2	cool ' actors
2	' actors
2	who never seems aware of his own coolness
3	never seems aware of his own coolness
3	seems aware of his own coolness
3	aware of his own coolness
2	of his own coolness
2	his own coolness
2	own coolness
3	Significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition .
3	Significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition
3	Significantly better
2	than its 2002 children 's - movie competition
2	its 2002 children 's - movie competition
2	its 2002 children 's
2	2002 children 's
2	children 's
2	- movie competition
2	movie competition
3	UB equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
3	equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
3	spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
2	spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are
3	spoofs and celebrates
2	spoofs and
3	the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are
1	the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects
2	the more outre aspects
3	more outre aspects
2	more outre
1	of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects
2	` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects
2	` black culture ' and
2	` black culture '
2	black culture '
2	culture '
1	the dorkier aspects
2	dorkier aspects
2	of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are
2	` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are
2	white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are
2	white culture , '
2	white culture ,
2	white culture
3	even as it points out how inseparable the two are
2	as it points out how inseparable the two are
3	it points out how inseparable the two are
2	points out how inseparable the two are
2	points out
3	how inseparable the two are
2	how inseparable
2	the two are
2	the two
3	A lot smarter than your average Bond .
2	A lot
3	smarter than your average Bond .
3	smarter than your average Bond
2	than your average Bond
2	your average Bond
1	average Bond
4	... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .
3	bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .
4	, intelligent , and humanly funny film .
4	intelligent , and humanly funny film .
4	intelligent , and humanly funny film
3	intelligent , and
3	intelligent ,
3	humanly funny film
3	funny film
4	Painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .
0	Painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic
2	, horrifying and oppressively tragic
1	horrifying and oppressively tragic
2	horrifying and
2	oppressively tragic
3	, this film should not be missed .
4	this film should not be missed .
2	this film
4	should not be missed .
3	should not be missed
1	should not
2	be missed
4	Part of the film 's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz .
4	Part of the film 's cheeky charm
3	of the film 's cheeky charm
3	the film 's cheeky charm
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	cheeky charm
2	comes from its vintage schmaltz .
2	comes from its vintage schmaltz
2	from its vintage schmaltz
2	its vintage schmaltz
2	vintage schmaltz
2	So unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is .
3	So unique and stubborn and charismatic
3	So unique and
3	So unique
2	stubborn and charismatic
2	stubborn and
2	that you want it to be better and more successful than it is .
2	that you want it to be better and more successful than it is
1	you want it to be better and more successful than it is
1	want it to be better and more successful than it is
3	it to be better and more successful than it is
2	to be better and more successful than it is
2	be better and more successful than it is
3	be better and more successful
2	better and more successful
3	better and
3	more successful
2	than it is
3	it is
2	I wo n't argue with anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish ... but I laughed so much that I did n't mind .
2	I wo n't argue with anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish ... but I laughed so much that I did n't mind
1	I wo n't argue with anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish ... but
0	I wo n't argue with anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish ...
1	I wo n't argue with anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish
1	wo n't argue with anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish
2	wo n't
1	argue with anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish
1	with anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish
2	anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish
2	who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish
2	calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish
2	calls ` Slackers '
1	` Slackers '
2	Slackers '
1	dumb , insulting , or childish
1	, insulting , or childish
1	insulting , or childish
2	, or childish
2	, or
4	I laughed so much that I did n't mind
4	laughed so much that I did n't mind
3	laughed so much
2	so much
2	that I did n't mind
2	I did n't mind
2	did n't mind
2	did n't
2	It arrives with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications .
2	arrives with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications .
2	arrives with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications
2	with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications
1	an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications
2	an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost
2	an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and
2	an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep ,
3	an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep
3	impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep
2	pedigree , mongrel pep
2	, mongrel pep
2	mongrel pep
1	indecipherable plot complications
2	plot complications
3	So fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated .
2	fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated .
2	cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated .
2	cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated
0	that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated
2	even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated
3	even the most jaded cinema audiences
2	the most jaded cinema audiences
1	most jaded cinema audiences
3	most jaded
2	cinema audiences
1	will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated
0	leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated
0	the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated
2	the auditorium feeling
2	auditorium feeling
0	dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated
1	, confused , and totally disorientated
1	confused , and totally disorientated
1	, and totally disorientated
1	and totally disorientated
1	totally disorientated
4	Not to mention absolutely refreshed .
3	to mention absolutely refreshed .
3	to mention absolutely refreshed
2	mention absolutely refreshed
3	absolutely refreshed
4	A vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .
3	A vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition
4	vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition
4	vibrant , colorful , semimusical
3	, colorful , semimusical
3	colorful , semimusical
2	, semimusical
2	The film sometimes flags ... but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace .
3	The film sometimes flags ... but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
2	The film sometimes flags ... but
2	The film sometimes flags ...
3	The film sometimes flags
2	The film
2	sometimes flags
3	there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
3	is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
3	enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
3	secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
4	action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
3	to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
3	keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
3	things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
3	moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
1	moving along
3	at a brisk , amusing pace
3	a brisk , amusing pace
3	brisk , amusing pace
4	brisk , amusing
3	, amusing
2	It 's a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a Southern Gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack .
2	's a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a Southern Gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack .
2	's a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a Southern Gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack
3	a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a Southern Gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack
1	a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence
2	drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence
2	, slobbering , lovable run-on sentence
2	slobbering , lovable run-on sentence
2	, lovable run-on sentence
2	lovable run-on sentence
2	run-on sentence
3	of a film , a Southern Gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack
3	a film , a Southern Gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack
2	a film ,
2	a film
3	a Southern Gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack
2	a Southern Gothic
2	Southern Gothic
2	with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack
3	the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack
2	the emotional arc
2	emotional arc
2	of its raw blues soundtrack
2	its raw blues soundtrack
2	raw blues soundtrack
2	blues soundtrack
4	Nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
3	proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
3	proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
3	that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
3	he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
3	can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
3	cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
3	cross swords with the best of them and
2	cross swords with the best of them
2	cross swords
4	with the best of them
3	the best of them
4	the best
2	of them
3	helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
2	helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller
2	a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller
3	more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller
2	traditionally plotted popcorn thriller
2	traditionally plotted
3	popcorn thriller
2	while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
2	surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
2	little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
2	of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
2	his intellectual rigor or creative composure
3	his intellectual rigor or
3	his intellectual rigor
2	intellectual rigor
3	creative composure
4	It is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story .
3	It is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story
3	It is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ;
3	It is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
3	is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
3	different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
3	from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
1	others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
2	others in its genre
2	in its genre
2	its genre
3	in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
2	in that
3	it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
2	is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
4	does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
2	does not
1	rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
1	on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
1	dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
1	dumb gags , anatomical humor , or
0	dumb gags , anatomical humor ,
1	dumb gags , anatomical humor
1	dumb gags ,
1	dumb gags
2	anatomical humor
2	character cliches
2	it primarily relies on character to tell its story
2	primarily relies on character to tell its story
2	relies on character to tell its story
2	relies on character
3	on character
2	to tell its story
3	tell its story
2	its story
4	Both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .
4	Both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right
3	a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right
3	a successful adaptation and
3	a successful adaptation
3	successful adaptation
3	an enjoyable film in its own right
4	an enjoyable film
4	enjoyable film
2	in its own right
2	its own right
2	own right
2	All the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable .
2	the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable .
2	the filmmakers are asking of us ,
2	the filmmakers are asking of us
2	the filmmakers
2	are asking of us
3	asking of us
2	of us
2	is to believe in something that is improbable .
2	is to believe in something that is improbable
1	to believe in something that is improbable
2	believe in something that is improbable
2	in something that is improbable
2	something that is improbable
2	that is improbable
2	is improbable
2	If the very concept makes you nervous ... you 'll have an idea of the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness .
2	If the very concept makes you nervous
2	the very concept makes you nervous
2	the very concept
2	very concept
1	makes you nervous
2	you nervous
2	... you 'll have an idea of the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness .
3	you 'll have an idea of the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness .
3	'll have an idea of the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness .
3	'll have an idea of the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness
3	have an idea of the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness
3	an idea of the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness
2	an idea
2	of the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness
3	the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness
2	the film 's
2	film 's
3	creepy , scary effectiveness
2	creepy , scary
2	, scary
3	Worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees .
2	Worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers
3	Worth a look
2	a look
3	by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers
2	by those on both sides of the issues
2	those on both sides of the issues
2	on both sides of the issues
2	both sides of the issues
2	both sides
2	of the issues
2	the issues
2	, if only for the perspective it offers
2	, if only
2	if only
3	for the perspective it offers
2	the perspective it offers
2	the perspective
2	it offers
3	, one the public rarely sees .
2	one the public rarely sees .
3	one the public
2	the public
2	rarely sees .
2	sees .
3	A mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .
4	A mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports
3	mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports
3	mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational
3	mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and
3	mostly believable , refreshingly low-key
3	mostly believable ,
3	mostly believable
2	refreshingly low-key
3	quietly inspirational
2	little sports
3	drama .
3	May be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done .
3	May be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done
3	May be more genial than ingenious , but
2	May be more genial than ingenious ,
2	May be more genial than ingenious
1	be more genial than ingenious
2	more genial than ingenious
1	genial than ingenious
2	than ingenious
2	it gets the job done
3	gets the job done
2	the job done
2	the job
3	A stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help Chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .
4	A stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions
3	A stylish cast and
4	A stylish cast
3	stylish cast
3	some clever scripting solutions
3	clever scripting solutions
2	scripting solutions
3	help Chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .
3	help Chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact
3	Chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact
2	make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact
2	make the transition from stage
2	make the transition
2	the transition
2	from stage
3	to screen with considerable appeal intact
2	screen with considerable appeal intact
3	screen with considerable appeal
4	with considerable appeal
3	considerable appeal
4	Exhilarating , funny and fun .
4	Exhilarating , funny and fun
4	Exhilarating ,
3	funny and fun
3	funny and
3	While not quite `` Shrek '' or `` Monsters , Inc. '' , it 's not too bad .
2	While not quite `` Shrek '' or `` Monsters , Inc. ''
2	not quite `` Shrek '' or `` Monsters , Inc. ''
1	not quite
2	`` Shrek '' or `` Monsters , Inc. ''
2	Shrek '' or `` Monsters , Inc. ''
2	Shrek '' or `` Monsters , Inc.
2	Shrek '' or ``
2	Shrek '' or
2	Shrek ''
2	Monsters , Inc.
2	, Inc.
3	, it 's not too bad .
2	it 's not too bad .
2	's not too bad .
3	's not too bad
2	's not
1	too bad
4	It 's worth taking the kids to .
4	's worth taking the kids to .
3	's worth taking the kids to
2	's worth
2	taking the kids to
2	taking the kids
2	the kids
3	In the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .
2	In the end
2	the end
4	there is one word that best describes this film : honest .
3	is one word that best describes this film : honest .
3	is one word that best describes this film : honest
3	one word that best describes this film : honest
2	one word
3	that best describes this film : honest
3	best describes this film : honest
3	describes this film : honest
3	this film : honest
3	film : honest
2	film :
4	Writer-director David Jacobson and his star , Jeremy Renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
2	Writer-director David Jacobson and his star , Jeremy Renner ,
2	Writer-director David Jacobson and his star , Jeremy Renner
2	Writer-director David Jacobson and his star ,
2	Writer-director David Jacobson and his star
3	Writer-director David Jacobson and
3	Writer-director David Jacobson
2	David Jacobson
2	his star
2	Jeremy Renner
4	have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
4	have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
4	made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
4	a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
4	a remarkable film
4	remarkable film
3	that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
2	explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
2	the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
2	the monster 's
2	monster 's
2	psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
1	not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
2	not in order
2	in order
2	to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
2	to excuse him but rather
2	to excuse him
2	excuse him
2	but rather
2	to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
1	demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
2	that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
2	his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
2	his pathology
2	evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
1	from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
1	human impulses that grew hideously twisted
2	human impulses
0	that grew hideously twisted
1	grew hideously twisted
1	hideously twisted
3	The action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the Star Wars series .
2	The action sequences
2	action sequences
3	are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the Star Wars series .
3	are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the Star Wars series
3	are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes
2	fun and reminiscent of combat scenes
3	fun and reminiscent
3	fun and
2	of combat scenes
2	combat scenes
2	from the Star Wars series
2	the Star Wars series
2	Star Wars series
2	Wars series
3	Norton is magnetic as Graham .
2	is magnetic as Graham .
3	is magnetic as Graham
3	magnetic as Graham
2	as Graham
3	Savvy director Robert J. Siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense .
3	Savvy director Robert J. Siegel and his co-writers
4	Savvy director Robert J. Siegel and
2	Savvy director Robert J. Siegel
2	director Robert J. Siegel
2	Robert J. Siegel
2	J. Siegel
2	his co-writers
2	keep the story subtle and us in suspense .
3	keep the story subtle and us in suspense
3	the story subtle and us in suspense
2	the story subtle and
2	the story subtle
2	the story
2	us in suspense
2	in suspense
2	It pulls the rug out from under you , just when you 're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character , something happens to send you off in different direction .
3	It pulls the rug out from under you , just when you 're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character
3	pulls the rug out from under you , just when you 're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character
2	the rug out from under you , just when you 're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character
2	the rug out
2	the rug
2	from under you , just when you 're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character
2	under you , just when you 're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character
2	you , just when you 're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character
2	you ,
2	just when you 're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character
2	just when
2	you 're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character
3	're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character
2	're ready to hate one character , or
1	're ready to hate one character ,
2	're ready to hate one character
1	ready to hate one character
2	to hate one character
1	hate one character
2	one character
2	really sympathize with another character
2	sympathize with another character
2	with another character
3	another character
2	, something happens to send you off in different direction .
2	something happens to send you off in different direction .
2	happens to send you off in different direction .
2	happens to send you off in different direction
2	to send you off in different direction
2	send you off in different direction
2	send you off
2	send you
2	in different direction
2	different direction
4	Twenty years after its first release , E.T. remains the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career .
2	Twenty years after its first release
2	Twenty years
2	after its first release
2	its first release
2	first release
4	, E.T. remains the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career .
4	E.T. remains the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career .
3	remains the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career .
4	remains the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career
4	the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career
3	the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and
4	the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies --
3	the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies
2	the most wondrous
3	most wondrous
3	of all Hollywood fantasies
1	all Hollywood fantasies
2	Hollywood fantasies
2	the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career
2	the apex
2	of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career
2	Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career
2	Steven Spielberg 's
2	Spielberg 's
2	misunderstood career
2	It says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .
3	says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .
4	says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense
3	a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense
2	a lot
3	about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense
3	a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense
2	a filmmaker
3	when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense
3	he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense
2	can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense
3	be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense
3	be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and
3	be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head
3	wacky without clobbering the audience over the head
3	without clobbering the audience over the head
1	clobbering the audience over the head
1	clobbering the audience
2	the audience
2	over the head
2	the head
2	still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense
3	maintain a sense of urgency and suspense
2	a sense of urgency and suspense
2	a sense
3	of urgency and suspense
3	urgency and suspense
2	urgency and
2	Gives us a lot to chew on , but not all of it has been properly digested .
2	Gives us a lot to chew on , but not all of it
2	Gives us
2	a lot to chew on , but not all of it
2	a lot to chew on , but not
2	a lot to chew on ,
2	a lot to chew on
2	lot to chew on
2	to chew on
2	chew on
2	but not
2	all of it
2	of it
3	has been properly digested .
3	has been properly digested
3	been properly digested
3	properly digested
4	It 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .
3	's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .
3	's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter
4	an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter
2	an exhilarating place
3	exhilarating place
3	to visit , this laboratory of laughter
3	visit , this laboratory of laughter
2	visit ,
3	this laboratory of laughter
2	this laboratory
2	of laughter
4	`` Simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
3	Simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
4	'' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
3	is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
3	is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality
3	a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality
4	a fun and funky look
4	fun and funky look
3	and funky look
2	funky look
2	into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality
2	an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality
2	an artificial creation
2	artificial creation
2	in a world that thrives on artificiality
2	a world that thrives on artificiality
2	a world
2	that thrives on artificiality
2	thrives on artificiality
2	on artificiality
3	A great companion piece to other Napoleon films .
3	A great companion piece to other Napoleon films
3	A great companion piece
3	great companion piece
3	companion piece
2	to other Napoleon films
2	other Napoleon films
2	Napoleon films
1	To some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits .
2	To some eyes
2	some eyes
2	this will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits .
1	will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits .
2	will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits
1	seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits
1	like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits
2	a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits
2	a recycling
2	of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits
2	clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits
1	clichés ,
2	an assassin 's greatest hits
2	an assassin 's
2	assassin 's
4	greatest hits
3	To others , it will remind them that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
2	To others
3	, it will remind them that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
3	it will remind them that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
3	will remind them that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
3	will remind them that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking
3	remind them that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking
2	remind them
3	that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking
4	Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking
2	Hong Kong action cinema
3	Kong action cinema
2	action cinema
2	is still alive and kicking
2	is still
2	alive and kicking
3	alive and
2	At the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , `` I guess I come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . ''
2	At the end of the movie
2	the end of the movie
2	the end
2	of the movie
2	the movie
2	, my 6-year-old nephew said , `` I guess I come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . ''
2	, my 6-year-old nephew said ,
2	my 6-year-old nephew said ,
2	my 6-year-old nephew said
2	my 6-year-old nephew
2	6-year-old nephew
2	`` I guess I come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . ''
2	I guess I come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . ''
2	I guess I come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too .
2	I guess I come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too
1	I guess I come from a broken family , and
2	I guess I come from a broken family ,
2	I guess I come from a broken family
2	guess I come from a broken family
2	I come from a broken family
2	come from a broken family
2	from a broken family
2	a broken family
2	broken family
2	my uncles are all aliens , too
2	my uncles
2	are all aliens , too
2	are all aliens ,
2	are all aliens
1	all aliens
4	Congrats Disney on a job well done , I enjoyed it just as much !
4	Congrats Disney on a job well done
3	Congrats Disney on a job
4	Congrats Disney
2	on a job
2	a job
4	well done
3	, I enjoyed it just as much !
4	I enjoyed it just as much !
4	enjoyed it just as much !
4	enjoyed it just as much
3	enjoyed it just
3	enjoyed it
2	as much
3	A remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive Eisenhower era about one suburban woman 's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life .
4	A remarkably alluring film
4	remarkably alluring film
3	remarkably alluring
2	set in the constrictive Eisenhower era about one suburban woman 's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life .
2	set in the constrictive Eisenhower era about one suburban woman 's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life
2	set in the constrictive Eisenhower era about one
2	in the constrictive Eisenhower era about one
2	the constrictive Eisenhower era about one
2	the constrictive Eisenhower era
3	constrictive Eisenhower era
2	Eisenhower era
2	about one
2	suburban woman 's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life
2	suburban woman 's yearning
2	suburban woman 's
2	woman 's
2	in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life
2	the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life
2	the face
2	of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life
2	a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life
1	a loss
2	that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life
2	shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life
3	her cheery and tranquil suburban life
3	cheery and tranquil suburban life
3	cheery and tranquil
3	cheery and
2	suburban life
3	Berling and Béart ... continue to impress , and Isabelle Huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters .
3	Berling and Béart ... continue to impress , and Isabelle Huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters
3	Berling and Béart ... continue to impress , and
3	Berling and Béart ... continue to impress ,
3	Berling and Béart ... continue to impress
2	Berling and Béart
2	Berling and
3	... continue to impress
3	continue to impress
2	to impress
3	Isabelle Huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters
2	Isabelle Huppert
3	... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters
2	again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters
3	shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters
3	uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters
2	uncanny skill
3	in getting under the skin of her characters
2	getting under the skin of her characters
3	under the skin of her characters
2	the skin of her characters
2	the skin
2	of her characters
2	her characters
3	Uplifting , funny and wise .
3	Uplifting , funny and wise
3	Uplifting ,
3	funny and wise
3	funny and
4	Remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .
3	Remarkable for its intelligence and intensity
3	for its intelligence and intensity
3	its intelligence and intensity
3	intelligence and intensity
3	intelligence and
3	The hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity .
3	The hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale
2	hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale
2	imagery and fragmentary tale
2	and fragmentary tale
2	fragmentary tale
3	explore the connections between place and personal identity .
2	explore the connections between place and personal identity
2	the connections between place and personal identity
2	the connections
2	between place and personal identity
3	place and personal identity
2	and personal identity
2	personal identity
3	Brosnan is more feral in this film than I 've seen him before and Halle Berry does her best to keep up with him .
3	Brosnan is more feral in this film than I 've seen him before and Halle Berry does her best to keep up with him
2	Brosnan is more feral in this film than I 've seen him before and
3	Brosnan is more feral in this film than I 've seen him before
2	is more feral in this film than I 've seen him before
2	is more feral in this film
2	more feral in this film
2	feral in this film
2	in this film
2	this film
2	than I 've seen him before
2	I 've seen him before
2	've seen him before
2	seen him before
2	him before
3	Halle Berry does her best to keep up with him
2	Halle Berry
2	does her best to keep up with him
3	does her best
3	her best
2	to keep up with him
2	keep up with him
2	keep up
2	with him
4	A film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times I saw the film .
3	A film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times I
2	A film
4	that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times I
4	begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times I
3	begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times
2	begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego and
2	begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego
2	with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego
2	the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego
3	the everyday lives
2	everyday lives
2	of naval personnel in San Diego
2	naval personnel in San Diego
2	naval personnel
2	in San Diego
2	San Diego
4	ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times
3	ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking
3	with scenes so true and heartbreaking
3	scenes so true and heartbreaking
4	so true and heartbreaking
3	true and heartbreaking
3	true and
3	that tears welled up in my eyes both times
3	tears welled up in my eyes both times
3	welled up in my eyes both times
2	welled up in my eyes
2	welled up
2	in my eyes
2	my eyes
3	both times
2	saw the film .
3	saw the film
2	the film
2	`` On Guard ! ''
2	On Guard ! ''
2	Guard ! ''
2	Guard !
4	wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil , have a whale of a good time .
4	wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
2	wo n't
3	be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
3	placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
3	placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers
4	in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers
4	the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers
2	the pantheon
3	of the best of the swashbucklers
3	the best of the swashbucklers
4	the best
2	of the swashbucklers
2	the swashbucklers
4	but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
4	it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
4	it is a whole lot of fun and
4	it is a whole lot of fun
4	is a whole lot of fun
4	a whole lot of fun
3	a whole lot
2	whole lot
3	of fun
4	you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
3	get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
4	to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
2	see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
4	the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
2	the one
3	of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
3	the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
4	the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil
4	the world 's best actors ,
4	the world 's best actors
2	the world 's
2	world 's
3	best actors
2	Daniel Auteuil
3	have a whale of a good time .
3	have a whale of a good time
3	a whale of a good time
2	a whale
3	of a good time
3	a good time
3	good time
1	The movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true .
2	The movie
2	starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true .
3	starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
2	starts with a legend and
3	starts with a legend
2	with a legend
3	a legend
1	ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
2	with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
0	a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
2	a story
2	that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
1	is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
1	so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
2	far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
2	it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
2	would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
2	be impossible to believe if it were n't true
2	impossible to believe if it were n't true
2	to believe if it were n't true
2	believe if it were n't true
2	if it were n't true
2	it were n't true
2	were n't true
2	were n't
3	This is the stuff that Disney movies are made of .
3	is the stuff that Disney movies are made of .
3	is the stuff that Disney movies are made of
2	is the stuff
2	the stuff
2	that Disney movies are made of
2	Disney movies are made of
2	Disney movies
2	are made of
2	made of
4	Like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
2	Like all great films about a life you never knew existed
4	all great films about a life you never knew existed
2	all great films
3	great films
2	about a life you never knew existed
2	a life you never knew existed
2	a life
2	you never knew existed
2	never knew existed
2	knew existed
3	, it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
3	it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
3	offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
3	offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame
3	much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame
2	much to absorb and
2	much to absorb
2	to absorb
3	even more to think about after the final frame
3	more to think about after the final frame
2	to think about after the final frame
2	think about after the final frame
2	think about
2	after the final frame
2	the final frame
2	final frame
3	That the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy .
1	That the e-graveyard
3	the e-graveyard
3	holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy .
2	holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy
3	as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy
1	many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy
2	many good ideas as bad
3	many good ideas
3	good ideas
1	as bad
3	is the cold comfort that Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy
2	is the cold comfort
2	the cold comfort
2	cold comfort
3	that Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy
3	Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy
2	Chin 's film
2	Chin 's
3	serves up with style and empathy
2	serves up
3	with style and empathy
3	style and empathy
3	style and
3	While we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for Blade II .
2	While we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen
2	we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen
2	no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen
2	no longer
1	possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen
1	possess the lack-of-attention span
0	the lack-of-attention span
1	lack-of-attention span
2	that we did at seventeen
2	we did at seventeen
2	did at seventeen
2	at seventeen
3	, we had no trouble sitting for Blade II .
3	we had no trouble sitting for Blade II .
3	had no trouble sitting for Blade II .
2	had no trouble sitting for Blade II
3	no trouble sitting for Blade II
2	no trouble
2	sitting for Blade II
3	for Blade II
2	Blade II
2	like a poor man 's You Can Count On Me
1	like a poor man 's
2	a poor man 's
2	poor man 's
2	man 's
2	You Can Count On Me
2	Can Count On Me
2	Count On Me
2	On Me
3	... a solid , unassuming drama .
3	a solid , unassuming drama .
3	a solid , unassuming drama
3	a solid ,
2	a solid
2	unassuming drama
3	A seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by Georgian-Israeli director Dover Kosashvili .
2	A seriocomic debut of extravagant
2	A seriocomic debut
2	seriocomic debut
3	of extravagant
2	promise by Georgian-Israeli director Dover Kosashvili .
3	promise by Georgian-Israeli director Dover Kosashvili
2	by Georgian-Israeli director Dover Kosashvili
2	Georgian-Israeli director Dover Kosashvili
2	director Dover Kosashvili
2	Dover Kosashvili
2	Thanks to Ice Cube , Benjamins feels an awful lot like Friday in Miami .
2	Thanks to Ice Cube , Benjamins
2	to Ice Cube , Benjamins
2	Ice Cube , Benjamins
2	Cube , Benjamins
2	, Benjamins
2	feels an awful lot like Friday in Miami .
2	feels an awful lot like Friday in Miami
2	feels an awful lot
2	an awful lot
2	awful lot
2	like Friday in Miami
2	Friday in Miami
2	in Miami
3	The real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed .
3	The real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed
3	The real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and
3	The real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film ,
3	The real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film
2	The real star of this movie
2	The real star
3	real star
2	of this movie
2	this movie
4	is the score , as in the songs translate well to film
2	is the score ,
2	is the score
2	the score
3	as in the songs translate well to film
3	in the songs translate well to film
3	the songs translate well to film
2	the songs
3	translate well to film
3	translate well
2	to film
4	it 's really well directed
4	's really well directed
2	's really
4	well directed
3	It 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes Pauline & Paulette .
3	It 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes Pauline & Paulette
3	It 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but
3	It 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies ,
3	It 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
3	's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
3	rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
3	to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
2	find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
3	a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
2	a film
2	to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
2	to which
3	the adjective ` gentle ' applies
3	the adjective ` gentle '
2	adjective ` gentle '
3	` gentle '
2	gentle '
2	the word perfectly describes Pauline & Paulette
2	the word
3	perfectly describes Pauline & Paulette
2	describes Pauline & Paulette
2	Pauline & Paulette
2	Pauline &
4	My Wife is an Actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy .
2	My Wife
2	is an Actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy .
2	is an Actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy
2	an Actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy
2	an Actress
3	has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy
2	its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy
2	its moments
3	in looking at the comic effects of jealousy
2	looking at the comic effects of jealousy
2	at the comic effects of jealousy
3	the comic effects of jealousy
3	the comic effects
2	comic effects
2	of jealousy
2	In the end , though , it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more .
2	In the end
2	the end
2	, though , it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more .
2	though , it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more .
2	, it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more .
1	it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more .
2	is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more .
1	is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more
2	is only mildly amusing
2	is only
3	mildly amusing
1	when it could have been so much more
1	it could have been so much more
1	could have been so much more
2	have been so much more
2	been so much more
3	so much more
2	much more
3	Both Garcia and Jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .
2	Both Garcia and Jagger
2	Garcia and Jagger
2	Garcia and
4	turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .
3	turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny
4	in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny
4	perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny
4	perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters ,
4	perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters
4	perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic
3	perfectly executed and
3	perfectly executed
4	wonderfully sympathetic
3	who are alternately touching and funny
3	are alternately touching and funny
3	alternately touching and funny
4	touching and funny
3	touching and
2	Humorous , artsy , and even cute , in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way .
3	Humorous , artsy , and even cute
3	Humorous ,
3	artsy , and even cute
3	artsy , and
4	artsy ,
3	even cute
3	, in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way .
1	in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way .
1	in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way
1	an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way
2	off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way
2	, dark , vaguely disturbing way
1	dark , vaguely disturbing way
2	, vaguely disturbing way
2	vaguely disturbing way
1	disturbing way
3	The more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it .
2	The more you think about the movie
2	The more
2	you think about the movie
2	think about the movie
2	about the movie
2	the movie
3	, the more you will probably like it .
3	the more you will probably like it .
2	the more
4	you will probably like it .
3	will probably like it .
2	will probably like it
3	will probably
3	like it
4	... a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .
4	a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .
4	a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year
3	a powerful sequel and one
3	a powerful sequel and
4	a powerful sequel
4	powerful sequel
4	of the best films of the year
4	the best films of the year
3	the best films
4	best films
2	of the year
2	the year
3	For the most part , the film does hold up pretty well .
2	For the most part
2	the most part
2	most part
3	, the film does hold up pretty well .
2	the film does hold up pretty well .
2	the film
3	does hold up pretty well .
3	does hold up pretty well
3	hold up pretty well
2	hold up
3	pretty well
3	Together -LRB- Time Out and Human Resources -RRB- establish Mr. Cantet as France 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .
4	Together -LRB- Time Out and Human Resources -RRB- establish Mr. Cantet as France 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace
2	Together -LRB- Time Out and Human Resources -RRB-
2	-LRB- Time Out and Human Resources -RRB-
2	Time Out and Human Resources -RRB-
2	Time Out and Human Resources
2	Time Out and
1	Time Out
2	Human Resources
3	establish Mr. Cantet as France 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace
2	Mr. Cantet as France 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace
2	Mr. Cantet
3	as France 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace
2	France 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace
3	France 's foremost cinematic poet
2	France 's
3	foremost cinematic poet
3	cinematic poet
2	of the workplace
2	the workplace
4	You can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .
4	You can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter
4	You can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ...
3	You can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored
4	can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored
3	can take the grandkids or the grandparents and
3	can take the grandkids or the grandparents
3	take the grandkids or the grandparents
3	the grandkids or the grandparents
2	the grandkids or
2	the grandkids
2	the grandparents
3	never worry about anyone being bored
2	worry about anyone being bored
2	worry about anyone
2	about anyone
0	being bored
4	audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter
3	is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter
4	a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter
2	a sea
4	of constant smiles and frequent laughter
4	constant smiles and frequent laughter
3	constant smiles and
4	constant smiles
3	frequent laughter
2	Like these Russo guys lookin ' for their Mamet instead found their Sturges .
2	Like these Russo guys
2	these Russo guys
2	Russo guys
2	lookin ' for their Mamet instead found their Sturges .
2	lookin ' for their Mamet
2	lookin '
3	for their Mamet
2	their Mamet
3	instead found their Sturges .
2	instead found their Sturges
2	found their Sturges
2	their Sturges
3	There has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but Peter Mattei 's Love in the Time of Money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note .
4	There has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but Peter Mattei 's Love in the Time of Money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
2	There has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but
2	There has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ...
2	There has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently
2	has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently
2	been a string of ensemble cast romances recently
3	a string of ensemble cast romances recently
2	a string
2	of ensemble cast romances recently
3	ensemble cast romances recently
2	ensemble cast romances
2	cast romances
4	Peter Mattei 's Love in the Time of Money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
2	Peter Mattei 's Love in the Time of Money
2	Peter Mattei 's Love
2	Peter Mattei 's
2	Mattei 's
2	in the Time of Money
2	the Time of Money
2	the Time
2	of Money
4	sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
2	sets itself
3	apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
3	by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
3	forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
3	a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
2	a chain
3	of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
2	relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
3	that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
3	come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
2	come full circle
3	full circle
3	to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
3	end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
3	on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
3	a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
4	positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note
3	positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB-
2	-LRB- if tragic -RRB-
1	if tragic -RRB-
1	tragic -RRB-
3	By applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
2	By applying definition to both sides of the man
3	applying definition to both sides of the man
2	applying definition
2	to both sides of the man
2	both sides of the man
2	both sides
1	of the man
3	the man
3	, the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
3	the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
2	the picture
3	realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
3	realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject
3	a fullness that does not negate the subject
3	a fullness
2	that does not negate the subject
2	does not negate the subject
2	does not
2	negate the subject
2	the subject
2	Who is the audience for Cletis Tout ?
2	is the audience for Cletis Tout ?
2	is the audience for Cletis Tout
2	the audience for Cletis Tout
2	the audience
2	for Cletis Tout
2	Cletis Tout
3	Anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .
4	Anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little
3	who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little
4	enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little
3	enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies
3	quirky , fun , popcorn movies
3	, fun , popcorn movies
3	fun , popcorn movies
2	, popcorn movies
2	popcorn movies
2	with a touch of silliness and a little
2	a touch of silliness and a little
2	a touch
2	of silliness and a little
2	silliness and a little
3	silliness and
2	a little
2	bloodshed .
4	-LRB- Cuarón has -RRB- created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy .
2	-LRB- Cuarón has -RRB-
2	Cuarón has -RRB-
2	has -RRB-
3	created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy .
3	created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy
3	created a substantive movie out
3	created a substantive movie
3	a substantive movie
3	substantive movie
2	of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy
2	several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy
2	several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and
1	several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie ,
1	several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie
1	several cliched movie structures : the road movie ,
1	several cliched movie structures : the road movie
1	several cliched movie structures :
1	several cliched movie structures
2	cliched movie structures
2	movie structures
2	the road movie
2	road movie
2	the coming-of-age movie
2	coming-of-age movie
2	the teenage sex comedy
3	teenage sex comedy
2	sex comedy
4	Puts to rest any thought that the German film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .
2	Puts to rest any
2	to rest any
2	rest any
3	thought that the German film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .
2	thought that the German film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food
1	that the German film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food
0	the German film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food
2	the German film industry
2	German film industry
2	film industry
2	can not make a delightful comedy centering on food
2	can not
4	make a delightful comedy centering on food
4	a delightful comedy centering on food
4	a delightful comedy
4	delightful comedy
2	centering on food
2	on food
3	Witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions .
3	Witty dialog between realistic characters
3	dialog between realistic characters
3	between realistic characters
3	realistic characters
3	showing honest emotions .
3	showing honest emotions
3	honest emotions
3	It 's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor .
4	's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor .
3	's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor
3	's touching and tender and
2	's touching and tender
4	touching and tender
3	touching and
3	proves that even in sorrow you can find humor
3	that even in sorrow you can find humor
2	that even
2	in sorrow you can find humor
1	in sorrow
3	you can find humor
3	can find humor
2	find humor
4	Like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
2	Like blended shades of lipstick
2	blended shades of lipstick
2	blended shades
2	of lipstick
4	, these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
3	these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
2	these components
4	combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
4	combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs
4	into one terrific story with lots of laughs
3	one terrific story with lots of laughs
4	one terrific story
4	terrific story
4	with lots of laughs
3	lots of laughs
3	of laughs
3	Ash Wednesday is not Edward Burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film .
3	Ash Wednesday is not Edward Burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film
2	Ash Wednesday is not Edward Burns ' best film , but
1	Ash Wednesday is not Edward Burns ' best film ,
1	Ash Wednesday is not Edward Burns ' best film
2	Ash Wednesday
0	is not Edward Burns ' best film
1	is not
4	Edward Burns ' best film
2	Edward Burns '
2	Burns '
4	best film
3	it is a good and ambitious film
4	is a good and ambitious film
3	a good and ambitious film
4	good and ambitious film
3	good and ambitious
3	good and
3	And it marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today .
4	it marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today .
4	marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today .
4	marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today
2	marks him
3	as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today
4	one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today
3	one of the most interesting writer\/directors
3	of the most interesting writer\/directors
3	the most interesting writer\/directors
2	most interesting writer\/directors
3	most interesting
2	working today
3	After one gets the feeling that the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it 's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of Zishe and the fiery presence of Hanussen .
1	After one gets the feeling that the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here
0	one gets the feeling that the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here
1	gets the feeling that the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here
2	gets the feeling
2	the feeling
1	that the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here
1	the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here
1	the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism
2	the typical Hollywood disregard
2	typical Hollywood disregard
3	Hollywood disregard
3	for historical truth and realism
3	historical truth and realism
3	truth and realism
2	truth and
2	is at work here
2	is at work
2	at work
2	, it 's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of Zishe and the fiery presence of Hanussen .
2	it 's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of Zishe and the fiery presence of Hanussen .
2	's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of Zishe and the fiery presence of Hanussen .
2	's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of Zishe and the fiery presence of Hanussen
3	a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of Zishe and the fiery presence of Hanussen
2	a matter
2	of finding entertainment in the experiences of Zishe and the fiery presence of Hanussen
2	finding entertainment in the experiences of Zishe and the fiery presence of Hanussen
2	finding entertainment
2	in the experiences of Zishe and the fiery presence of Hanussen
2	the experiences of Zishe and the fiery presence of Hanussen
2	the experiences of Zishe and
2	the experiences of Zishe
2	the experiences
2	of Zishe
2	the fiery presence of Hanussen
2	the fiery presence
2	fiery presence
2	of Hanussen
3	The footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with Suge Knight are just two of the elements that will grab you .
3	The footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with Suge Knight
2	The footage
2	of the rappers at play and the prison interview with Suge Knight
2	the rappers at play and the prison interview with Suge Knight
2	the rappers at play and
2	the rappers at play
2	the rappers
2	at play
2	the prison interview with Suge Knight
2	the prison interview
2	prison interview
2	with Suge Knight
2	Suge Knight
3	are just two of the elements that will grab you .
3	are just two of the elements that will grab you
3	just two of the elements that will grab you
3	just two
3	of the elements that will grab you
3	the elements that will grab you
2	the elements
2	that will grab you
3	will grab you
3	grab you
3	... it 's as comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .
3	it 's as comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .
3	's as comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .
3	's as comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy
1	's as comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something
2	as comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something
2	comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something
2	as any Dummies guide , something
1	any Dummies guide , something
2	any Dummies guide ,
2	any Dummies guide
2	Dummies guide
3	even non-techies can enjoy
3	non-techies can enjoy
3	can enjoy
3	Do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some .
3	Do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some
1	Do n't
3	wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some
4	to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some
4	see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some
4	see this terrific film with your kids --
4	see this terrific film with your kids
4	see this terrific film
3	this terrific film
4	terrific film
2	with your kids
3	your kids
2	if you do n't have kids borrow some
2	you do n't have kids borrow some
2	do n't have kids borrow some
2	do n't
2	have kids borrow some
2	kids borrow some
2	borrow some
3	Moretti ... is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .
2	... is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .
3	is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .
3	is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness
3	the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness
3	the rare common-man artist
2	rare common-man artist
2	common-man artist
3	who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness
3	's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness
3	wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness
3	wise enough
3	to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness
2	recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness
2	recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile --
3	recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile
2	that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile
2	there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile
3	are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile
2	few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile
2	few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out ,
2	few things in this world more complex -- and
3	few things in this world more complex --
2	few things in this world more complex
2	few things
2	in this world more complex
3	this world more complex
2	this world
3	more complex
2	, as it turns out ,
2	as it turns out ,
2	as it turns out
2	it turns out
2	turns out
2	more fragile
2	than happiness
4	The movie 's captivating details are all in the performances , from Foreman 's barking-mad Taylor to Thewlis 's smoothly sinister Freddie and Bettany\/McDowell 's hard-eyed gangster .
3	The movie 's captivating details
2	The movie 's
2	movie 's
3	captivating details
3	are all in the performances , from Foreman 's barking-mad Taylor to Thewlis 's smoothly sinister Freddie and Bettany\/McDowell 's hard-eyed gangster .
3	are all in the performances , from Foreman 's barking-mad Taylor to Thewlis 's smoothly sinister Freddie and Bettany\/McDowell 's hard-eyed gangster
2	are all in the performances ,
2	are all in the performances
2	are all
2	in the performances
2	the performances
2	from Foreman 's barking-mad Taylor to Thewlis 's smoothly sinister Freddie and Bettany\/McDowell 's hard-eyed gangster
3	Foreman 's barking-mad Taylor to Thewlis 's smoothly sinister Freddie and Bettany\/McDowell 's hard-eyed gangster
2	Foreman 's barking-mad Taylor to Thewlis 's smoothly sinister Freddie and
2	Foreman 's barking-mad Taylor to Thewlis 's smoothly sinister Freddie
2	Foreman 's barking-mad Taylor to
2	Foreman 's barking-mad Taylor
2	Foreman 's
2	barking-mad Taylor
2	Thewlis 's smoothly sinister Freddie
2	Thewlis 's
3	smoothly sinister Freddie
2	sinister Freddie
2	Bettany\/McDowell 's hard-eyed gangster
2	Bettany\/McDowell 's
2	hard-eyed gangster
3	Features Fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .
2	Features Fincher
3	's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .
2	's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity
3	characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity
4	characteristically startling visual style and
3	characteristically startling visual style
2	characteristically startling
3	visual style
3	an almost palpable sense of intensity
2	an almost palpable sense
2	almost palpable sense
2	almost palpable
2	of intensity
3	Precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family .
3	Precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen
2	smarter-than-thou wayward teen
3	wayward teen
1	struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family .
2	struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family
2	to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family
2	rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family
1	against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family
1	his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family
2	oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family
1	, right-wing , propriety-obsessed family
1	right-wing , propriety-obsessed family
2	, propriety-obsessed family
2	propriety-obsessed family
2	Anyone else seen this before ?
2	Anyone else
2	seen this before ?
1	seen this before
2	this before
4	Moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .
4	provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .
4	provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought
1	provides an invaluable service
3	an invaluable service
3	invaluable service
3	by sparking debate and encouraging thought
3	sparking debate and encouraging thought
3	sparking debate and
2	sparking debate
3	encouraging thought
4	Better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift .
3	Better still
3	, he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift .
3	he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift .
3	does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift .
4	does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift
2	does all of this , and more ,
3	does all of this , and more
3	all of this , and more
2	of this , and more
2	this , and more
2	this , and
2	this ,
3	while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift
3	remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift
3	remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics
3	one of the most savagely hilarious social critics
2	of the most savagely hilarious social critics
2	the most savagely hilarious social critics
3	most savagely hilarious social critics
3	most savagely hilarious
3	savagely hilarious
2	social critics
2	this side of Jonathan Swift
2	this side
2	of Jonathan Swift
2	Jonathan Swift
3	Alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .
4	Alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life
2	Alternating between facetious
2	Alternating between
3	comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life
2	comic parody and pulp melodrama ,
2	comic parody and pulp melodrama
2	parody and pulp melodrama
1	and pulp melodrama
1	pulp melodrama
3	this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life
2	this smart-aleck movie ...
2	this smart-aleck movie
3	smart-aleck movie
3	tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life
3	around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life
3	some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life
2	some intriguing questions
3	intriguing questions
2	about the difference between human and android life
2	the difference between human and android life
2	the difference
2	between human and android life
2	human and android life
2	and android life
2	android life
3	A cutesy romantic tale with a twist .
3	A cutesy romantic tale with a twist
3	A cutesy romantic tale
4	cutesy romantic tale
3	romantic tale
2	with a twist
3	a twist
4	This is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .
4	is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .
4	is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life
4	a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life
4	a gorgeous film -
4	a gorgeous film
3	gorgeous film
3	vivid with color , music and life
2	with color , music and life
2	color , music and life
2	, music and life
3	music and life
2	music and
4	Delight your senses and crash this wedding !
3	Delight your senses and crash this wedding
4	Delight your senses and
3	Delight your senses
2	your senses
2	crash this wedding
3	this wedding
1	A brutally dry satire of Middle American numbness .
2	A brutally dry satire of Middle American
2	A brutally dry satire
1	brutally dry satire
1	brutally dry
2	of Middle American
2	Middle American
1	numbness .
3	More sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch .
3	More sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch
4	More sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ...
3	More sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are
3	More sophisticated and literate than such pictures
2	More sophisticated and literate than
3	More sophisticated and
2	More sophisticated
2	literate than
2	such pictures
2	usually are
3	an amusing little catch
2	amusing little catch
3	little catch
3	Smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .
2	examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .
3	examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country
3	the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country
1	the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes --
3	the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes
2	the intimate , unguarded moments
3	intimate , unguarded moments
2	, unguarded moments
2	unguarded moments
2	of folks who live in unusual homes
2	folks who live in unusual homes
2	who live in unusual homes
2	live in unusual homes
2	in unusual homes
3	unusual homes
2	which pop up in nearly every corner of the country
3	pop up in nearly every corner of the country
2	pop up
2	in nearly every corner of the country
2	nearly every corner of the country
2	nearly every corner
2	every corner
2	of the country
2	the country
4	With an admirably dark first script by Brent Hanley , Paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .
3	With an admirably dark first script by Brent Hanley
3	an admirably dark first script by Brent Hanley
2	an admirably dark first script
2	admirably dark first script
2	admirably dark
2	first script
2	by Brent Hanley
2	Brent Hanley
3	, Paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .
4	Paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .
2	Paxton , making his directorial feature debut ,
2	Paxton , making his directorial feature debut
2	Paxton ,
2	making his directorial feature debut
2	his directorial feature debut
2	directorial feature debut
2	feature debut
3	does strong , measured work .
3	does strong , measured work
3	strong , measured work
2	, measured work
2	measured work
3	A compelling French psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart .
4	A compelling French psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart
3	A compelling French psychological drama
3	compelling French psychological drama
2	French psychological drama
2	psychological drama
2	examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart
2	examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son
2	the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son
2	the encounter
2	of an aloof father and his chilly son
2	an aloof father and his chilly son
2	an aloof father and
2	an aloof father
2	aloof father
2	his chilly son
2	chilly son
2	after 20 years apart
3	20 years apart
2	20 years
4	... even if you 've never heard of Chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen .
3	even if you 've never heard of Chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen .
2	even if you 've never heard of Chaplin
2	if you 've never heard of Chaplin
2	you 've never heard of Chaplin
2	've never heard of Chaplin
2	've never
2	heard of Chaplin
2	of Chaplin
4	, you 'll still be glued to the screen .
3	you 'll still be glued to the screen .
4	'll still be glued to the screen .
4	'll still be glued to the screen
2	'll still
3	be glued to the screen
4	glued to the screen
2	to the screen
2	the screen
2	You have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie 's failings .
2	have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie 's failings .
3	have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie 's failings
3	have enough finely tuned
3	enough finely tuned
3	finely tuned
1	acting to compensate for the movie 's failings
1	to compensate for the movie 's failings
1	compensate for the movie 's failings
1	for the movie 's failings
0	the movie 's failings
2	the movie 's
2	movie 's
3	As the dominant Christine , Sylvie Testud is icily brilliant .
2	As the dominant Christine
2	the dominant Christine
2	dominant Christine
4	, Sylvie Testud is icily brilliant .
4	Sylvie Testud is icily brilliant .
2	Sylvie Testud
4	is icily brilliant .
4	is icily brilliant
4	icily brilliant
2	Although tender and touching , the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing .
3	Although tender and touching
4	tender and touching
3	tender and
1	, the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing .
1	the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing .
2	the movie
1	would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing .
1	would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing
1	have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing
2	benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing
2	from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing
3	a little more dramatic tension and some more editing
2	a little more dramatic tension and
2	a little more dramatic tension
2	little more dramatic tension
3	little more dramatic
2	more dramatic
2	some more editing
1	more editing
3	The story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .
2	The story that emerges
2	The story
2	that emerges
3	has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .
3	has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy
3	elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy
2	of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy
3	romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy
2	romance , tragedy and
3	romance , tragedy
2	romance ,
2	even silent-movie comedy
2	silent-movie comedy
3	-LRB- `` Safe Conduct '' -RRB- is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage .
3	-LRB- `` Safe Conduct '' -RRB- is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
3	-LRB- `` Safe Conduct '' -RRB- is a long movie at 163 minutes but
1	-LRB- `` Safe Conduct '' -RRB- is a long movie at 163 minutes
2	-LRB- `` Safe Conduct '' -RRB-
2	`` Safe Conduct '' -RRB-
2	Safe Conduct '' -RRB-
2	Safe Conduct ''
2	Safe Conduct
2	is a long movie at 163 minutes
2	a long movie at 163 minutes
2	a long movie
2	long movie
2	at 163 minutes
2	163 minutes
2	it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
3	fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
2	the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
2	the time
3	with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
3	drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
2	, romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
2	romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
3	, tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
3	tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
2	, bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
2	bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
3	, political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
2	political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
2	intrigue , partisans and sabotage
1	, partisans and sabotage
2	partisans and sabotage
2	partisans and
3	Viva le Resistance !
3	Viva le Resistance
3	Viva le
3	It offers a glimpse of the Solomonic decision facing Jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .
3	offers a glimpse of the Solomonic decision facing Jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .
2	offers a glimpse of the Solomonic decision facing Jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them
2	a glimpse of the Solomonic decision facing Jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them
2	a glimpse of the Solomonic decision facing Jewish parents in those turbulent times :
3	a glimpse of the Solomonic decision facing Jewish parents in those turbulent times
2	a glimpse
3	of the Solomonic decision facing Jewish parents in those turbulent times
2	the Solomonic decision facing Jewish parents in those turbulent times
2	the Solomonic decision
2	Solomonic decision
2	facing Jewish parents in those turbulent times
2	facing Jewish parents
3	Jewish parents
2	in those turbulent times
2	those turbulent times
2	turbulent times
2	to save their children and yet to lose them
2	to save their children and yet
2	to save their children and
2	to save their children
3	save their children
3	their children
2	to lose them
2	lose them
3	The film is delicately narrated by Martin Landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by Dana Janklowicz-Mann .
2	The film
3	is delicately narrated by Martin Landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by Dana Janklowicz-Mann .
3	is delicately narrated by Martin Landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by Dana Janklowicz-Mann
3	is delicately
3	narrated by Martin Landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by Dana Janklowicz-Mann
2	narrated by Martin Landau and
2	narrated by Martin Landau
2	by Martin Landau
2	Martin Landau
4	directed with sensitivity and skill by Dana Janklowicz-Mann
3	directed with sensitivity and skill
3	with sensitivity and skill
3	sensitivity and skill
2	sensitivity and
2	by Dana Janklowicz-Mann
2	Dana Janklowicz-Mann
2	Martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more .
2	gets royally screwed and comes back for more .
1	gets royally screwed and comes back for more
1	gets royally screwed and
1	gets royally screwed
1	royally screwed
2	comes back for more
2	comes back
2	for more
2	A virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze .
3	A virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze
2	A virtual roller-coaster ride
3	virtual roller-coaster ride
3	roller-coaster ride
2	of glamour and sleaze
2	glamour and sleaze
2	glamour and
4	an admirable , sometimes exceptional film
4	an admirable ,
3	an admirable
3	sometimes exceptional film
4	exceptional film
3	If you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then Triple X marks the spot .
3	If you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor
4	you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor
3	like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor
3	like an extreme action-packed film
3	an extreme action-packed film
3	extreme action-packed film
3	action-packed film
2	with a hint of humor
3	a hint of humor
3	a hint
2	of humor
3	, then Triple X marks the spot .
3	then Triple X marks the spot .
3	Triple X marks the spot .
3	Triple X
3	marks the spot .
2	marks the spot
2	the spot
0	If you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , I have just one word for you - -- Decasia
0	If you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
0	you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
0	're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
1	the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
2	the kind of parent
2	the kind
2	of parent
1	who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
0	enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
0	intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
0	introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
2	introducing your kids
3	your kids
1	to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
1	films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
1	which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
0	will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
0	cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
1	cause loads of irreparable damage
1	loads of irreparable damage
1	of irreparable damage
2	irreparable damage
1	that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
0	years and years of costly analysis could never fix
2	years and years of costly analysis
2	years and years
2	years and
2	of costly analysis
2	costly analysis
2	could never fix
2	could never
2	, I have just one word for you - -- Decasia
2	I have just one word for you - -- Decasia
2	have just one word for you - -- Decasia
2	just one word for you - -- Decasia
2	just one word for you - --
2	just one word for you -
2	just one word
2	one word
2	for you -
2	for you
3	May not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .
3	May not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting
2	May not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but
1	May not be a breakthrough in filmmaking ,
2	May not be a breakthrough in filmmaking
1	not be a breakthrough in filmmaking
4	be a breakthrough in filmmaking
4	a breakthrough in filmmaking
3	a breakthrough
2	in filmmaking
3	it is unwavering and arresting
2	is unwavering and arresting
3	unwavering and arresting
2	unwavering and
3	The film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .
2	The film 's images
2	The film 's
2	film 's
2	give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .
1	give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise
2	give a backbone to the company and
3	give a backbone to the company
2	give a backbone
3	a backbone
2	to the company
2	the company
2	provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise
3	provide an emotional edge
3	an emotional edge
3	emotional edge
0	to its ultimate demise
1	its ultimate demise
1	ultimate demise
3	A bodice-ripper for intellectuals .
3	A bodice-ripper for intellectuals
2	A bodice-ripper
2	for intellectuals
3	The locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches .
2	The locations
3	go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches .
3	go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches
1	go from stark desert
3	from stark desert
2	stark desert
3	to gorgeous beaches
3	gorgeous beaches
3	The story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .
3	The story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic
2	The story plays out slowly , but
1	The story plays out slowly ,
1	The story plays out slowly
2	The story
2	plays out slowly
2	plays out
3	the characters are intriguing and realistic
2	the characters
3	are intriguing and realistic
4	intriguing and realistic
3	intriguing and
2	Count on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater .
3	Count on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater
3	on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater
2	his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater
2	movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater
2	to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater
2	work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater
2	work at the back of your neck
3	at the back of your neck
2	the back of your neck
2	the back
2	of your neck
2	your neck
3	long after you leave the theater
2	after you leave the theater
2	you leave the theater
1	leave the theater
2	the theater
4	Neil Burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .
3	Neil Burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present
2	Neil Burger here succeeded in ...
3	Neil Burger here succeeded in
2	Neil Burger
2	here succeeded in
4	succeeded in
2	making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present
3	the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present
2	the mystery
2	of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present
2	four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present
2	four decades
3	back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present
2	back the springboard
2	the springboard
2	for a more immediate mystery in the present
2	a more immediate mystery in the present
2	a more immediate mystery
2	more immediate mystery
2	more immediate
3	in the present
2	the present
3	The complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary Chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we Westerners have seen before .
3	The complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary Chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen
3	The complex , politically charged tapestry
3	complex , politically charged tapestry
3	, politically charged tapestry
2	politically charged tapestry
3	politically charged
3	of contemporary Chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen
4	contemporary Chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen
2	contemporary Chinese life
2	Chinese life
3	this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen
4	this exciting new filmmaker
4	exciting new filmmaker
2	new filmmaker
2	has brought to the screen
2	brought to the screen
2	to the screen
2	the screen
3	is like nothing we Westerners have seen before .
2	is like nothing we Westerners have seen before
4	like nothing we Westerners have seen before
2	nothing we Westerners have seen before
2	we Westerners have seen before
2	we Westerners
2	have seen before
2	seen before
2	A thriller made from a completist 's checklist rather than with a cultist 's passion .
3	A thriller
1	made from a completist 's checklist rather than with a cultist 's passion .
1	made from a completist 's checklist rather than with a cultist 's passion
1	from a completist 's checklist rather than with a cultist 's passion
2	from a completist 's checklist rather than
2	from a completist 's checklist
2	a completist 's checklist
2	a completist 's
2	completist 's
2	rather than
3	with a cultist 's passion
2	a cultist 's passion
2	a cultist 's
2	cultist 's
4	Try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of Kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
4	Try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of Kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
3	as you might to scrutinize the ethics of Kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
2	as you might to scrutinize the ethics of Kaufman 's approach
1	you might to scrutinize the ethics of Kaufman 's approach
2	might to scrutinize the ethics of Kaufman 's approach
2	to scrutinize the ethics of Kaufman 's approach
2	scrutinize the ethics of Kaufman 's approach
2	the ethics of Kaufman 's approach
2	the ethics
2	of Kaufman 's approach
2	Kaufman 's approach
2	Kaufman 's
3	, somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
3	somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
3	it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
3	all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
3	comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
3	comes together
4	to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
3	create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
4	a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
4	a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece
4	very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece
3	very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive
4	very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and
4	very compelling , sensitive , intelligent
4	very compelling , sensitive ,
3	very compelling , sensitive
4	very compelling ,
3	very compelling
2	almost cohesive
3	of film entertainment
2	film entertainment
4	As quiet , patient and tenacious as Mr. Lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
3	As quiet , patient and tenacious as Mr. Lopez himself
3	quiet , patient and tenacious as Mr. Lopez himself
2	quiet , patient and tenacious
2	, patient and tenacious
3	patient and tenacious
2	patient and
2	as Mr. Lopez himself
2	Mr. Lopez himself
2	Lopez himself
4	, who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
3	who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
3	approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
3	approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline
3	his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline
1	his difficult , endless work
1	difficult , endless work
0	difficult , endless
2	, endless
3	with remarkable serenity and discipline
4	remarkable serenity and discipline
3	serenity and discipline
2	serenity and
2	Though the film never veers from its comic course , its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous .
2	Though the film never veers from its comic course
3	the film never veers from its comic course
2	the film
3	never veers from its comic course
1	veers from its comic course
3	from its comic course
3	its comic course
2	comic course
1	, its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous .
1	its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous .
2	its unintentional parallels
2	unintentional parallels
2	might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous .
2	might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous
1	might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but
2	might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything
2	might inadvertently
3	evoke memories and emotions which are anything
2	memories and emotions which are anything
2	memories and emotions
2	memories and
2	which are anything
2	are anything
3	Evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun .
4	Evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun
4	the style and flash of the double-cross that made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun
2	the style and flash
3	style and flash
3	style and
4	of the double-cross that made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun
3	the double-cross that made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun
2	the double-cross
4	that made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun
3	made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun
4	Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun
2	Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist ''
2	Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and
2	Mamet 's `` House of Games ''
2	Mamet 's
2	`` House of Games ''
2	House of Games ''
2	House of Games
2	of Games
2	last fall 's `` Heist ''
2	last fall 's
3	fall 's
2	`` Heist ''
2	Heist ''
4	so much fun
2	so much
4	So original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .
4	original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .
2	original in its base concept that you can not help but get
2	in its base concept that you can not help but get
2	its base concept that you can not help but get
2	its base concept
2	base concept
2	that you can not help but get
2	you can not help but get
2	can not help but get
2	can not help but
2	can not help
2	can not
2	caught up .
2	caught up
3	It may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer .
3	It may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer
2	It may be a no-brainer , but
2	It may be a no-brainer ,
3	It may be a no-brainer
2	may be a no-brainer
2	be a no-brainer
2	a no-brainer
3	at least it 's a funny no-brainer
2	at least
3	it 's a funny no-brainer
3	's a funny no-brainer
3	a funny no-brainer
3	funny no-brainer
3	A lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .
3	A lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition
2	A lot
3	more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition
2	more dimensional and
2	more dimensional
3	complex than its sunny disposition
3	than its sunny disposition
3	its sunny disposition
3	sunny disposition
2	would lead you to believe .
2	would lead you to believe
2	lead you to believe
2	you to believe
2	to believe
4	Jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .
3	has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .
4	has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness
4	created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness
3	a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness
4	a breathtakingly assured and stylish work
4	breathtakingly assured and stylish work
4	breathtakingly assured and stylish
3	assured and stylish
2	assured and
3	of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness
3	spare dialogue and acute expressiveness
3	spare dialogue and
1	spare dialogue
3	acute expressiveness
2	Underachieves only in not taking the Shakespeare parallels quite far enough .
1	Underachieves only in not taking the Shakespeare parallels quite far enough
1	Underachieves only
1	in not taking the Shakespeare parallels quite far enough
1	not taking the Shakespeare parallels quite far enough
3	taking the Shakespeare parallels quite far enough
2	taking the Shakespeare parallels
2	the Shakespeare parallels
2	Shakespeare parallels
2	quite far enough
2	far enough
3	The most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from Portugal .
2	The most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year
2	The most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film
2	most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film
2	most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing ,
4	most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing
2	most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit ,
2	most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit
3	most audacious , outrageous ,
3	most audacious , outrageous
3	most audacious ,
2	most audacious
1	sexually explicit
3	psychologically probing
2	pure libido film
3	libido film
2	of the year
2	the year
2	has arrived from Portugal .
2	has arrived from Portugal
2	arrived from Portugal
2	from Portugal
3	The creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as Pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .
3	The creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as Pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree
2	The creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as Pixar 's industry standard , but
1	The creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as Pixar 's industry standard ,
2	The creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as Pixar 's industry standard
3	The creative animation work
3	creative animation work
3	animation work
1	may not look as fully ` rendered ' as Pixar 's industry standard
1	may not
3	look as fully ` rendered ' as Pixar 's industry standard
2	as fully ` rendered ' as Pixar 's industry standard
2	fully ` rendered ' as Pixar 's industry standard
3	fully ` rendered '
2	` rendered '
2	rendered '
2	as Pixar 's industry standard
2	Pixar 's industry standard
3	Pixar 's
2	industry standard
3	it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree
3	uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree
3	uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds
3	lighting effects and innovative backgrounds
3	lighting effects and
2	lighting effects
3	innovative backgrounds
2	to an equally impressive degree
3	an equally impressive degree
4	equally impressive degree
3	equally impressive
3	Art-house to the core , Read My Lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema .
3	Art-house to the core
3	to the core
2	the core
2	, Read My Lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema .
4	Read My Lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema .
1	Read My Lips
2	My Lips
3	is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema .
3	is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema
3	a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema
3	a genre-curling crime story
2	genre-curling crime story
2	crime story
4	that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema
2	revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema
2	the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema
3	the free-wheeling noir spirit
2	free-wheeling noir spirit
2	noir spirit
2	of old French cinema
2	old French cinema
2	French cinema
1	Grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length
3	Grant is certainly amusing , but
3	Grant is certainly amusing ,
3	Grant is certainly amusing
3	is certainly amusing
2	is certainly
2	the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length
1	the very hollowness of the character he plays
1	the very hollowness
1	very hollowness
2	of the character he plays
2	the character he plays
2	the character
2	he plays
2	keeps him at arms length
2	keeps him
2	at arms length
2	arms length
3	Conceptually brilliant ... Plays like a living-room War Of The Worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .
4	Conceptually brilliant
2	... Plays like a living-room War Of The Worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .
1	Plays like a living-room War Of The Worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .
2	Plays like a living-room War Of The Worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown
3	like a living-room War Of The Worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown
2	like a living-room War Of The Worlds ,
2	like a living-room War Of The Worlds
2	a living-room War Of The Worlds
2	a living-room War
2	living-room War
2	Of The Worlds
2	The Worlds
3	gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown
3	gaining most of its unsettling force
2	most of its unsettling force
2	of its unsettling force
3	its unsettling force
2	unsettling force
2	from the suggested and the unknown
1	the suggested and the unknown
2	the suggested and
2	the suggested
2	the unknown
3	... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .
3	manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .
2	manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun
3	to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun
3	deliver a fair bit of vampire fun
3	a fair bit of vampire fun
3	a fair bit
2	fair bit
3	of vampire fun
3	vampire fun
3	Drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .
2	Drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions
3	of temptation , salvation and good intentions
2	temptation , salvation and good intentions
3	, salvation and good intentions
3	salvation and good intentions
3	and good intentions
3	good intentions
4	is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .
3	is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power
3	a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power
3	a thoughtful examination
3	thoughtful examination
2	of faith , love and power
3	faith , love and power
2	, love and power
4	love and power
3	love and
4	The strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
2	The strength of the film
3	The strength
2	of the film
2	the film
3	comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
3	comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
3	not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
3	from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
2	from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but
2	from any cinematic razzle-dazzle
2	any cinematic razzle-dazzle
3	cinematic razzle-dazzle
3	from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
3	its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
2	its recovery
3	of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
4	an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
2	an historical episode
2	historical episode
2	that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
3	, in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
3	in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
3	in the simple telling
2	the simple telling
2	simple telling
4	, proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
3	proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
3	simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
3	harrowing and uplifting
2	harrowing and
3	The performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .
2	The performances
3	are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .
3	are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times
2	are strong ,
3	are strong
2	though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times
2	the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times
2	the subject matter
2	subject matter
2	demands acting that borders on hammy at times
2	acting that borders on hammy at times
2	acting that borders
2	that borders
3	on hammy at times
2	hammy at times
2	at times
4	A damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .
1	A damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film
3	A damn fine and
3	A damn fine
4	damn fine
4	a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film
3	truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film
3	truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent
3	truly distinctive and
3	truly distinctive
2	a deeply pertinent
2	a deeply
4	Still rapturous after all these years , Cinema Paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .
4	Still rapturous after all these years
2	rapturous after all these years
2	after all these years
2	all these years
2	these years
4	, Cinema Paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .
4	Cinema Paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .
2	Cinema Paradiso
4	stands as one of the great films about movie love .
4	stands as one of the great films about movie love
4	as one of the great films about movie love
4	one of the great films about movie love
3	of the great films about movie love
3	the great films about movie love
3	the great films
3	great films
3	about movie love
3	movie love
3	Reggio and Glass put on an intoxicating show .
2	Reggio and Glass
2	Reggio and
3	put on an intoxicating show .
3	put on an intoxicating show
3	on an intoxicating show
3	an intoxicating show
3	intoxicating show
4	MacDowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .
3	... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .
4	gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .
3	gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done
2	give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done
3	a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done
4	a solid , anguished performance
2	solid , anguished performance
2	, anguished performance
1	anguished performance
3	that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done
4	eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done
2	nearly everything else she 's ever done
2	nearly everything else
2	everything else
2	she 's ever done
2	's ever done
2	's ever
1	The thing about guys like Evans is this : You 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins .
1	The thing about guys like Evans is this : You 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins
2	The thing about guys like Evans is this :
2	The thing about guys like Evans is this
2	The thing about guys like Evans
2	The thing
2	about guys like Evans
2	guys like Evans
2	like Evans
2	is this
1	You 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins
0	're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins
2	're never
1	quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins
1	sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins
2	where self-promotion ends and the truth begins
2	self-promotion ends and the truth begins
2	self-promotion ends and the truth
3	self-promotion ends and
2	self-promotion ends
2	the truth
4	But as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .
3	as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .
2	as you watch the movie
2	you watch the movie
3	watch the movie
2	the movie
3	, you 're too interested to care .
3	you 're too interested to care .
2	're too interested to care .
2	're too interested to care
2	too interested to care
2	interested to care
2	to care
3	I liked a lot of the smaller scenes .
3	liked a lot of the smaller scenes .
3	liked a lot of the smaller scenes
3	a lot of the smaller scenes
2	a lot
2	of the smaller scenes
2	the smaller scenes
2	smaller scenes
2	The film will appeal to Discovery Channel fans and will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rose-colored glasses .
2	The film
3	will appeal to Discovery Channel fans and will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rose-colored glasses .
2	will appeal to Discovery Channel fans and will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rose-colored glasses
3	will appeal to Discovery Channel fans and
3	will appeal to Discovery Channel fans
2	appeal to Discovery Channel fans
2	to Discovery Channel fans
3	Discovery Channel fans
2	Channel fans
3	will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rose-colored glasses
2	will surely
3	widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rose-colored glasses
2	the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rose-colored glasses
2	the perspective of those of us
2	the perspective
2	of those of us
2	those of us
2	of us
2	who see the continent through rose-colored glasses
2	see the continent through rose-colored glasses
2	see the continent
2	the continent
2	through rose-colored glasses
2	rose-colored glasses
3	An eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` Spy Kids 2 ' is a visual treat for all audiences .
3	An eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` Spy Kids 2 '
3	An eye-boggling blend
2	eye-boggling blend
2	of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` Spy Kids 2 '
2	psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` Spy Kids 2 '
2	psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` Spy Kids 2
3	psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds ,
2	psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds
2	psychedelic devices ,
2	psychedelic devices
2	special effects and backgrounds
2	effects and backgrounds
2	effects and
2	` Spy Kids 2
2	Spy Kids 2
2	Kids 2
4	is a visual treat for all audiences .
4	is a visual treat for all audiences
4	a visual treat for all audiences
4	a visual treat
3	visual treat
3	for all audiences
2	all audiences
3	Straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , Possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
4	Straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words
3	Straightforward and old-fashioned
3	Straightforward and
3	in the best possible senses of both those words
3	the best possible senses of both those words
3	the best possible senses
3	best possible senses
2	possible senses
2	of both those words
2	both those words
3	those words
3	, Possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
3	Possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
3	is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
3	is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it
2	a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it
2	a movie
2	that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it
3	puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it
2	puts itself
2	squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it
3	in the service of the lovers who inhabit it
2	the service of the lovers who inhabit it
2	the service
2	of the lovers who inhabit it
2	the lovers who inhabit it
3	the lovers
3	who inhabit it
2	inhabit it
3	It may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised Scooby-Doo shows or reruns .
3	may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised Scooby-Doo shows or reruns .
2	may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised Scooby-Doo shows or reruns
2	may ...
3	work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised Scooby-Doo shows or reruns
2	as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised Scooby-Doo shows or reruns
3	a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised Scooby-Doo shows or reruns
2	a jaunt down memory lane for teens and
3	a jaunt down memory lane for teens
2	a jaunt down memory lane
2	jaunt down memory lane
3	down memory lane
2	memory lane
2	for teens
2	young adults who grew up on televised Scooby-Doo shows or reruns
2	young adults
2	who grew up on televised Scooby-Doo shows or reruns
2	grew up on televised Scooby-Doo shows or reruns
2	grew up
3	on televised Scooby-Doo shows or reruns
2	televised Scooby-Doo shows or reruns
2	Scooby-Doo shows or reruns
2	shows or reruns
2	shows or
4	One of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
3	One of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself
3	of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself
3	those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself
2	those movies
3	that catches you up in something bigger than yourself
4	catches you up in something bigger than yourself
2	catches you up
3	catches you
2	in something bigger than yourself
3	something bigger than yourself
3	bigger than yourself
2	than yourself
2	, namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
3	namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
1	, an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
2	an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
2	an archetypal
2	desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
3	desire to enjoy good trash every now and then
3	to enjoy good trash every now and then
2	enjoy good trash every now and then
2	enjoy good trash
3	good trash
2	every now and then
2	now and then
2	now and
2	This harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .
1	This harrowing journey into combat hell
2	This harrowing journey
3	harrowing journey
1	into combat hell
1	combat hell
4	vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .
3	captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .
3	captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked
2	the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked
1	the chaotic insanity and
2	the chaotic insanity
1	chaotic insanity
2	personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked
1	personal tragedies
0	that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked
1	are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked
2	are all too abundant
2	are all
1	too abundant
0	when human hatred spews forth unchecked
0	human hatred spews forth unchecked
1	human hatred
0	spews forth unchecked
2	forth unchecked
3	Far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's Kubrick-meets-Spielberg exercise .
3	Far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's Kubrick-meets-Spielberg exercise
3	Far more successful , if considerably less ambitious ,
3	Far more successful
3	more successful
2	, if considerably less ambitious ,
1	if considerably less ambitious ,
1	if considerably less ambitious
1	considerably less ambitious
1	less ambitious
2	than last year 's Kubrick-meets-Spielberg exercise
3	last year 's Kubrick-meets-Spielberg exercise
2	last year 's
2	year 's
2	Kubrick-meets-Spielberg exercise
3	Elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .
3	builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .
4	builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy
2	builds gradually
3	until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy
3	you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy
4	feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy
3	feel fully
4	embraced by this gentle comedy
3	by this gentle comedy
3	this gentle comedy
3	gentle comedy
3	A fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman .
4	A fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery
4	A fascinating examination
3	fascinating examination
3	of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery
4	the joyous , turbulent self-discovery
4	joyous , turbulent self-discovery
2	, turbulent self-discovery
3	turbulent self-discovery
3	made by a proper , middle-aged woman .
2	made by a proper , middle-aged woman
2	by a proper , middle-aged woman
2	a proper , middle-aged woman
2	proper , middle-aged woman
2	, middle-aged woman
2	middle-aged woman
3	Here is a VH1 Behind the Music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation .
3	is a VH1 Behind the Music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation .
3	is a VH1 Behind the Music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation
3	a VH1 Behind the Music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation
2	a VH1 Behind the Music special
2	a VH1
2	Behind the Music special
2	the Music special
2	Music special
3	that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation
3	has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation
3	something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation
3	something a little more special behind it :
3	something a little more special behind it
2	a little more special behind it
3	a little more special
2	a little
2	more special
2	behind it
2	music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation
3	that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation
2	did n't sell many records but helped change a nation
1	did n't sell many records but
2	did n't sell many records
2	did n't
3	sell many records
2	many records
3	helped change a nation
3	change a nation
2	a nation
2	Buy popcorn .
2	Buy popcorn
3	Take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .
3	Take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride
3	Take nothing seriously and
2	Take nothing seriously
2	Take nothing
3	enjoy the ride
2	the ride
3	Carrying off a spot-on Scottish burr , Duvall -LRB- also a producer -RRB- peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
3	Carrying off a spot-on Scottish burr
2	Carrying off
2	a spot-on Scottish burr
3	spot-on Scottish burr
2	Scottish burr
3	, Duvall -LRB- also a producer -RRB- peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
3	Duvall -LRB- also a producer -RRB- peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
2	Duvall -LRB- also a producer -RRB-
2	-LRB- also a producer -RRB-
2	also a producer -RRB-
2	a producer -RRB-
2	a producer
3	peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
3	peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper
3	peels layers
2	from this character that may well not have existed on paper
2	this character that may well not have existed on paper
2	this character
2	that may well not have existed on paper
2	may well not have existed on paper
2	may well not
2	well not
2	have existed on paper
2	existed on paper
2	on paper
3	The acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .
2	The acting , for the most part ,
3	The acting , for the most part
2	The acting ,
2	The acting
2	for the most part
2	the most part
2	most part
4	is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .
3	is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
4	is terrific ,
4	is terrific
2	although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
1	the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
2	the actors
1	must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
2	struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
2	struggle with the fact
2	with the fact
2	the fact
1	that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
2	they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
1	're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
1	playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
2	characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
1	who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
2	sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
1	feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
2	feel more like literary conceits
2	more like literary conceits
2	like literary conceits
2	literary conceits
2	than flesh-and-blood humans
2	flesh-and-blood humans
3	Some Body will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have .
2	Some Body
4	will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have .
3	will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have
3	take you places you have n't been , and also places you have
2	you places you have n't been , and also places you have
2	you places you have n't been , and
2	you places you have n't been ,
2	you places you have n't been
2	places you have n't been
2	you have n't been
2	have n't been
2	have n't
2	also places you have
2	places you have
2	you have
3	Vereté has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs .
3	has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs .
3	has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs
3	a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs
2	a whip-smart sense
2	whip-smart sense
2	of narrative bluffs
2	narrative bluffs
1	Parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .
2	Parts of the film
2	of the film
2	the film
2	feel a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .
1	feel a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic
0	a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic
1	a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer
2	a bit
1	too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer
1	too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book
1	too much
1	like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book
1	an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book
2	an infomercial
2	for Ram Dass 's latest book
2	Ram Dass 's latest book
2	Ram Dass 's
2	Dass 's
2	latest book
2	aimed at the boomer
2	at the boomer
2	the boomer
4	But mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
4	mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
4	it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
4	's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
4	's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived
3	a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived
2	a work
4	that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived
4	, with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived
4	with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived
4	with humor , warmth , and intelligence
4	humor , warmth , and intelligence
4	humor , warmth , and
3	humor , warmth ,
3	humor , warmth
2	humor ,
3	, captures a life interestingly lived
3	captures a life interestingly lived
3	a life interestingly lived
3	a life interestingly
2	life interestingly
2	Were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about Cal than does the movie or the character any good , Freundlich 's World Traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year .
1	Were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about Cal than does the movie or the character any good
2	Were it
1	not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about Cal than does the movie or the character any good
2	for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about Cal than does the movie or the character any good
2	a sentimental resolution that explains way more about Cal than does the movie or the character any good
2	a sentimental resolution
2	sentimental resolution
2	that explains way more about Cal than does the movie or the character any good
2	explains way more about Cal than does the movie or the character any good
2	explains way more about Cal
2	way more about Cal
2	way more
2	about Cal
2	than does the movie or the character any good
2	does the movie or the character any good
2	the movie or the character any good
2	the movie or the character
2	the movie or
2	the movie
2	the character
2	any good
3	, Freundlich 's World Traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year .
3	Freundlich 's World Traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year .
3	Freundlich 's World Traveler
2	Freundlich 's
2	World Traveler
4	might have been one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year .
4	might have been one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year
4	have been one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year
4	been one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year
3	one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year
3	of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year
3	the more daring and surprising American movies of the year
3	the more daring and surprising American movies
3	more daring and surprising American movies
3	more daring and surprising
3	daring and surprising
2	daring and
2	American movies
2	of the year
2	the year
2	`` Home Movie '' is the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book .
2	Home Movie '' is the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book .
2	Home Movie
4	'' is the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book .
2	is the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book .
1	is the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book
2	the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book
2	the film equivalent
2	film equivalent
3	of a lovingly rendered coffee table book
4	a lovingly rendered coffee table book
3	lovingly rendered coffee table book
3	lovingly rendered
2	coffee table book
2	table book
4	Graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to Unfaithful , but gripping performances by Lane and Gere are what will keep them awake .
3	Graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to Unfaithful , but gripping performances by Lane and Gere are what will keep them awake
2	Graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to Unfaithful , but
3	Graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to Unfaithful ,
2	Graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to Unfaithful
2	Graphic sex
2	may be what 's attracting audiences to Unfaithful
2	be what 's attracting audiences to Unfaithful
3	what 's attracting audiences to Unfaithful
3	's attracting audiences to Unfaithful
3	attracting audiences to Unfaithful
3	attracting audiences
2	to Unfaithful
3	gripping performances by Lane and Gere are what will keep them awake
4	gripping performances by Lane and Gere
3	gripping performances
2	by Lane and Gere
2	Lane and Gere
3	Lane and
2	are what will keep them awake
2	what will keep them awake
3	will keep them awake
2	keep them awake
2	them awake
4	When compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .
3	When compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air
3	compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air
2	compared to the usual , more somber festival entries
2	to the usual , more somber festival entries
2	the usual , more somber festival entries
2	the usual ,
2	the usual
2	more somber festival entries
2	somber festival entries
2	festival entries
3	, Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air
4	Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air
3	Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy
2	Davis ' highly personal brand
2	Davis '
2	highly personal brand
2	highly personal
2	of romantic comedy
2	romantic comedy
3	is a tart , smart breath of fresh air
3	a tart , smart breath of fresh air
2	a tart , smart breath
2	tart , smart breath
2	, smart breath
2	smart breath
3	of fresh air
3	fresh air
2	that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .
3	stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .
2	stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic
3	stands out from the pack
3	stands out
2	from the pack
2	the pack
1	even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic
2	if the picture itself is somewhat problematic
1	the picture itself is somewhat problematic
2	the picture
2	itself is somewhat problematic
3	is somewhat problematic
1	somewhat problematic
3	Both damning and damned compelling .
4	damning and damned compelling .
3	damning and damned compelling
2	damning and
4	damned compelling
3	Much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice .
2	Much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice
2	Much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but
2	Much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s ,
2	Much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s
2	has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s
2	been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s
2	written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s
2	written about those years
2	about those years
2	those years
2	when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s
2	the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s
2	the psychedelic '60s
2	psychedelic '60s
2	grooved over into the gay '70s
2	grooved over
2	into the gay '70s
3	the gay '70s
2	gay '70s
2	words do n't really do the era justice
2	do n't really do the era justice
2	do n't really
2	do n't
2	do the era justice
2	the era justice
2	era justice
4	You have to see it .
3	have to see it .
3	have to see it
2	to see it
3	see it
3	Even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
2	Even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully
1	if it pushes its agenda too forcefully
1	it pushes its agenda too forcefully
0	pushes its agenda too forcefully
2	pushes its agenda
2	its agenda
2	too forcefully
3	, this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
3	this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
3	remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
3	remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern
3	a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern
2	a film
3	about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern
3	something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern
2	something ,
3	one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern
3	that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern
3	attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern
2	attempts and
3	often achieves a level of connection and concern
3	achieves a level of connection and concern
3	a level of connection and concern
2	a level
2	of connection and concern
3	connection and concern
2	connection and
3	What lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .
3	What lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks
4	lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks
3	the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks
2	the film
4	high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks
3	above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks
1	run-of-the-filth gangster flicks
2	gangster flicks
2	is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .
2	is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map
1	its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map
0	refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map
2	to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map
2	recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map
1	recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end
2	recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way
2	any of the signposts , as if discovering a way
1	any of the signposts , as if
2	any of the signposts ,
1	any of the signposts
2	of the signposts
2	the signposts
2	as if
2	discovering a way
2	a way
2	through to the bitter end
0	to the bitter end
2	the bitter end
1	bitter end
1	without a map
2	a map
3	Both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter .
3	Both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting
3	an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting
3	an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and
3	an admirable reconstruction of terrible events ,
3	an admirable reconstruction of terrible events
3	an admirable reconstruction
3	admirable reconstruction
2	of terrible events
1	terrible events
2	a fitting
2	memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter .
2	memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter
2	to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter
2	to the dead of that day
2	the dead of that day
2	the dead
2	of that day
2	that day
3	, and of the thousands thereafter
2	, and of the thousands
3	, and
2	of the thousands
2	the thousands
2	A sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration .
2	A sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration
2	A sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties
3	A sly dissection
3	sly dissection
2	of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties
1	the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties
2	the inanities of the contemporary music business and
1	the inanities of the contemporary music business
2	the inanities
2	of the contemporary music business
3	the contemporary music business
2	contemporary music business
2	music business
1	a rather sad story of the difficulties
1	a rather sad story
2	rather sad story
1	rather sad
2	of the difficulties
1	the difficulties
3	of artistic collaboration
2	artistic collaboration
4	The unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman has carved from Orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality .
4	The unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman has carved from Orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality
2	The unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman has carved from Orleans ' story and
3	The unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman has carved from Orleans ' story
3	The unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman
2	The unique niche
3	unique niche
2	of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman
1	self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman
2	, behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman
2	behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman
2	navel-gazing Kaufman
2	has carved from Orleans ' story
2	carved from Orleans ' story
2	from Orleans ' story
2	Orleans ' story
2	Orleans '
4	his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality
2	his own infinite
2	own infinite
2	insecurity is a work of outstanding originality
4	is a work of outstanding originality
4	a work of outstanding originality
2	a work
2	of outstanding originality
4	outstanding originality
4	Lovingly photographed in the manner of a Golden Book sprung to life , Stuart Little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
4	Lovingly photographed in the manner of a Golden Book sprung to life
3	photographed in the manner of a Golden Book sprung to life
3	in the manner of a Golden Book sprung to life
3	the manner of a Golden Book sprung to life
2	the manner
3	of a Golden Book sprung to life
3	a Golden Book sprung to life
2	a Golden Book
4	Golden Book
3	sprung to life
2	to life
3	, Stuart Little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
4	Stuart Little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
2	Stuart Little 2
2	Little 2
3	manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
3	manages sweetness largely without stickiness
2	manages sweetness largely
3	manages sweetness
3	without stickiness
4	Consistently clever and suspenseful .
3	Consistently clever and suspenseful
4	clever and suspenseful
3	clever and
2	It 's like a `` Big Chill '' reunion of the Baader-Meinhof Gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists .
2	It 's like a `` Big Chill '' reunion of the Baader-Meinhof Gang
2	's like a `` Big Chill '' reunion of the Baader-Meinhof Gang
2	like a `` Big Chill '' reunion of the Baader-Meinhof Gang
2	a `` Big Chill '' reunion of the Baader-Meinhof Gang
2	a `` Big Chill '' reunion
2	`` Big Chill '' reunion
2	Big Chill '' reunion
2	Chill '' reunion
2	'' reunion
2	of the Baader-Meinhof Gang
2	the Baader-Meinhof Gang
2	Baader-Meinhof Gang
2	, only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists .
2	only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists .
2	only these guys
2	these guys
1	are more harmless pranksters than political activists .
2	are more harmless pranksters than political activists
2	more harmless pranksters than political activists
2	more harmless pranksters
3	more harmless
2	than political activists
2	political activists
4	The story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director Shekhar Kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
2	The story
3	gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director Shekhar Kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
4	gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director Shekhar Kapur supplies with tremendous skill
3	gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense ,
3	gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense
3	gives ample opportunity
2	ample opportunity
3	for large-scale action and suspense
3	large-scale action and suspense
2	action and suspense
3	action and
3	which director Shekhar Kapur supplies with tremendous skill
4	director Shekhar Kapur supplies with tremendous skill
2	director Shekhar Kapur
3	Shekhar Kapur
3	supplies with tremendous skill
4	with tremendous skill
3	tremendous skill
3	Fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .
3	has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .
3	has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense
3	something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense
2	serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense
3	to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense
2	say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense
2	about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense
1	the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense
2	the ways
2	in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense
2	in which
2	extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense
2	extravagant chance
2	can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense
2	distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense
2	distort our perspective and
2	distort our perspective
2	our perspective
2	throw us off the path of good sense
2	throw us
1	off the path of good sense
2	the path of good sense
2	the path
3	of good sense
3	good sense
4	Throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
3	Throws in enough clever and unexpected
3	in enough clever and unexpected
3	enough clever and unexpected
4	clever and unexpected
3	clever and
3	twists to make the formula feel fresh .
2	twists to make the formula feel fresh
3	to make the formula feel fresh
3	make the formula feel fresh
3	the formula feel fresh
2	the formula
3	feel fresh
3	Weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .
3	Weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title
2	Weighty and ponderous
2	Weighty and
3	but every bit as filling as the treat of the title
4	every bit as filling as the treat of the title
2	every bit
3	as filling as the treat of the title
2	filling as the treat of the title
3	as the treat of the title
3	the treat of the title
3	the treat
2	of the title
2	the title
3	A real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever waited in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
3	A real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever
4	A real audience-pleaser
3	real audience-pleaser
3	that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever
3	will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever
3	strike a chord with anyone who 's ever
3	strike a chord
2	a chord
2	with anyone who 's ever
2	anyone who 's ever
2	who 's ever
2	's ever
2	waited in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
2	waited in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office
1	in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office
3	a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office
2	a doctor 's
2	doctor 's
2	office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office
2	, emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office
2	emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office
2	room , hospital bed or insurance company office
2	, hospital bed or insurance company office
2	hospital bed or insurance company office
2	bed or insurance company office
2	or insurance company office
3	insurance company office
2	company office
3	Generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
4	Generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters
2	an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters
4	an enormous feeling
3	enormous feeling
3	of empathy for its characters
2	empathy for its characters
2	for its characters
2	its characters
2	Exposing the ways we fool ourselves is One Hour Photo 's real strength .
2	Exposing the ways
2	the ways
2	we fool ourselves is One Hour Photo 's real strength .
2	fool ourselves is One Hour Photo 's real strength .
2	fool ourselves is One Hour Photo 's real strength
3	ourselves is One Hour Photo 's real strength
3	is One Hour Photo 's real strength
2	One Hour Photo 's real strength
2	One Hour Photo 's
2	Hour Photo 's
2	Photo 's
4	real strength
2	It 's up to you to decide whether to admire these people 's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life .
1	's up to you to decide whether to admire these people 's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life .
1	's up to you to decide whether to admire these people 's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life
2	's up to you
2	up to you
2	to you
2	to decide whether to admire these people 's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life
2	decide whether to admire these people 's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life
2	whether to admire these people 's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life
3	to admire these people 's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life
3	admire these people 's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life
3	admire these people 's dedication to their cause or
3	admire these people 's dedication to their cause
3	admire these people 's dedication
2	these people 's dedication
2	these people 's
2	people 's
2	to their cause
2	their cause
2	be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life
2	repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life
2	by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life
0	their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life
2	their dogmatism , manipulativeness and
2	their dogmatism , manipulativeness
2	their dogmatism ,
2	their dogmatism
1	narrow , fearful view of American life
2	narrow , fearful view
2	, fearful view
1	fearful view
2	of American life
2	American life
3	Mostly , -LRB- Goldbacher -RRB- just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .
3	, -LRB- Goldbacher -RRB- just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .
2	-LRB- Goldbacher -RRB- just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .
2	-LRB- Goldbacher -RRB-
2	Goldbacher -RRB-
2	just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .
2	lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .
3	lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human
3	her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human
2	her complicated characters
3	complicated characters
2	be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human
2	unruly , confusing and , through it all , human
2	, confusing and , through it all , human
2	confusing and , through it all , human
3	and , through it all , human
2	, through it all , human
2	, through it all ,
2	through it all ,
2	through it all
2	through it
3	... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .
4	quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .
3	quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks
4	quite good
2	at providing some good old fashioned spooks
3	providing some good old fashioned spooks
2	some good old fashioned spooks
3	good old fashioned spooks
2	old fashioned spooks
2	fashioned spooks
2	At its worst , the movie is pretty diverting ; the pity is that it rarely achieves its best .
2	At its worst , the movie is pretty diverting ; the pity is that it rarely achieves its best
1	At its worst , the movie is pretty diverting ;
1	At its worst , the movie is pretty diverting
0	At its worst
0	its worst
3	, the movie is pretty diverting
2	the movie is pretty diverting
2	the movie
2	is pretty diverting
3	pretty diverting
1	the pity is that it rarely achieves its best
1	the pity
1	is that it rarely achieves its best
1	that it rarely achieves its best
1	it rarely achieves its best
1	rarely achieves its best
3	achieves its best
3	its best
4	Scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .
3	Scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation
3	Scherfig 's light-hearted profile
2	Scherfig 's
3	light-hearted profile
1	of emotional desperation
2	emotional desperation
3	is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .
3	is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky
3	achingly honest and delightfully cheeky
3	achingly honest and
3	achingly honest
4	delightfully cheeky
3	A journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship .
3	A journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship
3	A journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick , and
3	A journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick ,
3	A journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick
3	A journey
3	spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick
2	nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick
2	nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history ,
3	nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history
2	nearly three decades
2	nearly three
3	of bittersweet camaraderie and history
3	bittersweet camaraderie and history
2	camaraderie and history
2	camaraderie and
2	in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick
2	in which
3	we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick
3	feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick
2	that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick
2	we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick
2	truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick
2	know what makes Holly and Marina tick
2	what makes Holly and Marina tick
2	makes Holly and Marina tick
2	Holly and Marina tick
2	Holly and Marina
2	Holly and
2	our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship
2	our hearts
2	go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship
2	go out to them
2	go out
2	to them
2	as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship
2	both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship
2	continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship
2	to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship
1	negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship
2	their imperfect , love-hate relationship
1	imperfect , love-hate relationship
2	imperfect , love-hate
2	, love-hate
3	The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar is pure punk existentialism , and Ms. Ramsay and her co-writer , Liana Dognini , have dramatized the Alan Warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting .
3	The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar is pure punk existentialism , and Ms. Ramsay and her co-writer , Liana Dognini , have dramatized the Alan Warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting
3	The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar is pure punk existentialism , and
3	The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar is pure punk existentialism ,
3	The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar is pure punk existentialism
3	The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar
2	wonderfully lush Morvern Callar
3	wonderfully lush
2	Morvern Callar
3	is pure punk existentialism
2	pure punk existentialism
2	punk existentialism
3	Ms. Ramsay and her co-writer , Liana Dognini , have dramatized the Alan Warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting
2	Ms. Ramsay and her co-writer , Liana Dognini ,
2	Ms. Ramsay and her co-writer , Liana Dognini
2	Ms. Ramsay and her co-writer ,
2	Ms. Ramsay and her co-writer
2	Ms. Ramsay and
2	Ms. Ramsay
2	her co-writer
2	Liana Dognini
2	have dramatized the Alan Warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting
2	dramatized the Alan Warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting
2	the Alan Warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting
2	the Alan Warner novel ,
2	the Alan Warner novel
2	Alan Warner novel
2	Warner novel
2	which itself felt like an answer to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting
2	itself felt like an answer to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting
3	felt like an answer to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting
2	felt like an answer
2	like an answer
2	an answer
2	to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting
2	Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting
2	Irvine Welsh 's
2	Welsh 's
2	book Trainspotting
3	As it turns out , you can go home again .
2	As it turns out
2	it turns out
2	turns out
2	, you can go home again .
2	you can go home again .
2	can go home again .
3	can go home again
2	go home again
2	go home
3	You 've already seen City by the Sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit .
3	You 've already seen City by the Sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit
1	You 've already seen City by the Sea under a variety of titles , but
2	You 've already seen City by the Sea under a variety of titles ,
1	You 've already seen City by the Sea under a variety of titles
1	've already seen City by the Sea under a variety of titles
2	've already
2	seen City by the Sea under a variety of titles
2	seen City by the Sea
3	seen City
2	by the Sea
2	the Sea
2	under a variety of titles
2	a variety of titles
2	a variety
2	of titles
3	it 's worth yet another visit
3	's worth yet another visit
3	worth yet another visit
1	yet another visit
3	another visit
3	This kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes Shanghai Ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .
3	This kind of hands-on storytelling
2	This kind
2	of hands-on storytelling
3	hands-on storytelling
3	is ultimately what makes Shanghai Ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .
4	is ultimately what makes Shanghai Ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors
3	is ultimately
3	what makes Shanghai Ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors
2	what makes Shanghai Ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and
3	what makes Shanghai Ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook
3	makes Shanghai Ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook
2	Shanghai Ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook
2	Shanghai Ghetto
2	move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook
2	beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook
2	a good , dry , reliable textbook
3	good , dry , reliable textbook
2	, dry , reliable textbook
1	dry , reliable textbook
2	, reliable textbook
3	reliable textbook
3	what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors
3	allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors
2	it to rank with its worthy predecessors
3	to rank with its worthy predecessors
3	rank with its worthy predecessors
2	with its worthy predecessors
3	its worthy predecessors
3	worthy predecessors
3	Making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though Chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
2	Making such a tragedy
1	such a tragedy
1	a tragedy
2	the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though Chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
2	the backdrop
3	to a love story risks trivializing it , though Chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
2	to a love story
2	a love story
2	love story
2	risks trivializing it , though Chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
2	risks trivializing it , though Chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
2	risks trivializing it ,
2	risks trivializing it
1	trivializing it
2	though Chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
3	Chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
3	no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
2	no doubt
2	intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
3	the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
3	film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
3	to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
3	affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
2	love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
3	love 's
3	power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
2	to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
2	help people endure almost unimaginable horror
2	people endure almost unimaginable horror
1	endure almost unimaginable horror
1	almost unimaginable horror
1	unimaginable horror
2	Grown-up quibbles are beside the point here .
2	Grown-up quibbles
2	are beside the point here .
2	are beside the point here
2	are beside the point
2	beside the point
2	the point
3	The little girls understand , and McCracken knows that 's all that matters .
2	The little girls understand , and McCracken knows that 's all that matters
2	The little girls understand , and
2	The little girls understand ,
2	The little girls understand
2	The little girls
2	little girls
2	McCracken knows that 's all that matters
2	knows that 's all that matters
2	that 's all that matters
2	's all that matters
3	all that matters
3	that matters
4	A powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall .
3	A powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man
4	A powerful , chilling , and affecting study
3	powerful , chilling , and affecting study
2	, chilling , and affecting study
3	chilling , and affecting study
3	chilling , and affecting
2	, and affecting
3	, and
2	of one man
2	one man
2	's dying fall .
2	's dying fall
1	dying fall
4	This is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .
3	is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .
3	is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain
4	is a fascinating film
4	a fascinating film
4	fascinating film
2	because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain
2	there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain
2	is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain
1	no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain
2	no clear-cut hero and
1	no clear-cut hero
3	clear-cut hero
2	no all-out villain
2	all-out villain
3	A dreadful day in Irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .
1	A dreadful day in Irish history
1	A dreadful day
1	dreadful day
2	in Irish history
2	Irish history
3	is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .
2	is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment
3	given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment
3	passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment
2	passionate , if somewhat flawed ,
2	, if somewhat flawed ,
2	if somewhat flawed ,
1	somewhat flawed ,
1	flawed ,
4	... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .
3	a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .
3	a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department
3	a good film
4	good film
2	that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department
1	must have baffled the folks in the marketing department
2	have baffled the folks in the marketing department
1	baffled the folks in the marketing department
2	baffled the folks
2	the folks
2	in the marketing department
2	the marketing department
2	marketing department
4	... is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB- , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
2	is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB- , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
2	is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB- , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality
4	funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB- , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality
3	in the way that makes you ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB- , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality
3	the way that makes you ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB- , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality
2	the way
3	that makes you ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB- , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality
2	makes you ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB- , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality
2	makes you ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB- , profound without ever being self-important ,
3	makes you ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB- , profound without ever being self-important
2	you ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB- , profound without ever being self-important
3	ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB- , profound without ever being self-important
2	ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB- ,
3	ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB-
2	ache with sadness
2	with sadness
2	-LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB-
2	the way Chekhov is funny -RRB-
3	the way Chekhov is funny
2	the way Chekhov
2	way Chekhov
3	is funny
3	profound without ever being self-important
4	without ever being self-important
2	ever being self-important
2	being self-important
3	warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality
3	without ever succumbing to sentimentality
2	ever succumbing to sentimentality
1	succumbing to sentimentality
2	to sentimentality
1	Devotees of Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best Next Generation episodes is lacking .
1	Devotees of Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best Next Generation episodes is lacking
3	Devotees of Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and
1	Devotees of Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu ,
1	Devotees of Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu
2	Devotees of Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan
2	of Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan
2	Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan
2	Star Trek II :
2	Star Trek II
2	Trek II
2	The Wrath of Khan
2	The Wrath
2	of Khan
2	will feel a nagging sense of deja vu
3	feel a nagging sense of deja vu
2	a nagging sense of deja vu
1	a nagging sense
2	nagging sense
1	of deja vu
2	deja vu
1	the grandeur of the best Next Generation episodes is lacking
3	the grandeur of the best Next Generation episodes
3	the grandeur
3	of the best Next Generation episodes
3	the best Next Generation episodes
2	best Next Generation episodes
2	Next Generation episodes
2	Generation episodes
1	is lacking
4	A soul-stirring documentary about the Israeli\/Palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .
3	A soul-stirring documentary about the Israeli\/Palestinian conflict as
4	A soul-stirring documentary
3	soul-stirring documentary
2	about the Israeli\/Palestinian conflict as
1	the Israeli\/Palestinian conflict as
3	Israeli\/Palestinian conflict as
2	conflict as
2	revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .
2	revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds
2	through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds
3	the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds
2	the eyes
3	of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds
2	some children who remain curious about each other against all odds
2	some children
2	who remain curious about each other against all odds
3	remain curious about each other against all odds
3	curious about each other against all odds
3	about each other against all odds
3	each other against all odds
2	each other
3	against all odds
2	all odds
3	What 's so striking about Jolie 's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .
3	What 's so striking about Jolie 's performance
3	's so striking about Jolie 's performance
2	so striking about Jolie 's performance
3	striking about Jolie 's performance
2	about Jolie 's performance
2	Jolie 's performance
2	Jolie 's
3	is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .
3	is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair
2	that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair
3	she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair
2	never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair
1	lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair
0	her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair
2	her character
1	become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair
3	a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair
2	a caricature
2	-- not even with that radioactive hair
2	not even with that radioactive hair
2	even with that radioactive hair
2	with that radioactive hair
2	that radioactive hair
3	radioactive hair
1	The main story ... is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .
2	The main story
2	main story
2	... is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .
2	is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .
1	is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish
3	is compelling enough ,
4	is compelling enough
3	compelling enough
1	but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish
1	it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish
1	's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish
1	difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish
2	to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish
2	shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish
2	shrug off
1	the annoyance of that chatty fish
1	the annoyance
2	of that chatty fish
2	that chatty fish
1	chatty fish
4	The performances are immaculate , with Roussillon providing comic relief .
2	The performances
3	are immaculate , with Roussillon providing comic relief .
3	are immaculate , with Roussillon providing comic relief
3	are immaculate ,
3	are immaculate
3	with Roussillon providing comic relief
3	Roussillon providing comic relief
4	providing comic relief
3	comic relief
4	Kinnear ... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .
3	... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .
3	gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .
4	gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers
4	gives his best screen performance
3	gives his best screen
3	his best screen
3	best screen
2	with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers
3	an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers
3	an oddly winning portrayal of one
3	an oddly winning portrayal
2	oddly winning portrayal
3	winning portrayal
2	of one
2	of life 's ultimate losers
1	life 's ultimate losers
2	life 's
2	ultimate losers
4	Hugh Grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in About a Boy .
3	Hugh Grant , who has a good line in charm ,
4	Hugh Grant , who has a good line in charm
2	Hugh Grant ,
2	Hugh Grant
2	who has a good line in charm
3	has a good line in charm
3	a good line in charm
3	a good line
3	good line
3	in charm
3	has never been more charming than in About a Boy .
4	has never been more charming than in About a Boy
1	has never
3	been more charming than in About a Boy
3	more charming than in About a Boy
3	charming than in About a Boy
2	than in About a Boy
2	in About a Boy
2	About a Boy
2	a Boy
3	There 's a lot of tooth in Roger Dodger .
2	's a lot of tooth in Roger Dodger .
3	's a lot of tooth in Roger Dodger
3	a lot of tooth in Roger Dodger
2	a lot
2	of tooth in Roger Dodger
2	tooth in Roger Dodger
2	in Roger Dodger
2	Roger Dodger
4	But what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
3	what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
2	what 's nice
3	's nice
3	is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
3	is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script
3	that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script
3	there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script
2	's a casual intelligence that permeates the script
3	a casual intelligence that permeates the script
3	a casual intelligence
2	casual intelligence
2	that permeates the script
2	permeates the script
2	the script
3	Reminiscent of Alfred Hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` Signs ' occur while waiting for things to happen .
3	Reminiscent of Alfred Hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` Signs '
2	of Alfred Hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` Signs '
2	Alfred Hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` Signs '
1	Alfred Hitchcock 's thrillers ,
2	Alfred Hitchcock 's thrillers
3	Alfred Hitchcock 's
3	Hitchcock 's
2	most of the scary parts in ` Signs '
2	of the scary parts in ` Signs '
2	the scary parts in ` Signs '
2	the scary parts
2	scary parts
2	in ` Signs '
2	in ` Signs
2	in `
2	occur while waiting for things to happen .
2	occur while waiting for things to happen
2	while waiting for things to happen
2	waiting for things to happen
3	waiting for things
2	for things
2	to happen
4	One of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...
4	One of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while
4	One of the best looking and stylish
3	of the best looking and stylish
3	the best looking and stylish
4	the best
3	looking and stylish
2	looking and
1	animated movies in quite a while
2	animated movies
2	in quite a while
2	quite a while
2	a while
4	Its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff .
3	Its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control ,
3	Its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control
3	Its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change ,
2	Its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change
2	Its use
2	of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change
3	the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change
3	thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change
3	form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change
2	to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change
2	examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change
2	the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change
1	the labyrinthine ways
2	labyrinthine ways
2	in which people 's lives cross and change
2	in which
2	people 's lives cross and change
2	people 's lives
2	people 's
2	cross and change
2	cross and
2	buffeted by events seemingly out of their control
2	by events seemingly out of their control
2	events seemingly out of their control
2	events seemingly out
2	seemingly out
2	of their control
2	their control
3	is intriguing , provocative stuff .
3	is intriguing , provocative stuff
3	intriguing , provocative stuff
3	intriguing , provocative
3	, provocative
2	Denver should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of Vanessa Redgrave 's career .
3	should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of Vanessa Redgrave 's career .
4	should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of Vanessa Redgrave 's career
1	should not
4	get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of Vanessa Redgrave 's career
4	the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of Vanessa Redgrave 's career
2	the first and last look at one
2	the first and last look
2	first and last look
2	and last look
2	last look
2	at one
4	of the most triumphant performances of Vanessa Redgrave 's career
4	the most triumphant performances of Vanessa Redgrave 's career
4	the most triumphant performances
4	most triumphant performances
3	most triumphant
2	of Vanessa Redgrave 's career
2	Vanessa Redgrave 's career
2	Vanessa Redgrave 's
2	Redgrave 's
3	It deserves to be seen everywhere .
3	deserves to be seen everywhere .
4	deserves to be seen everywhere
2	to be seen everywhere
1	be seen everywhere
2	seen everywhere
3	You need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work .
3	need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work .
3	need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work
2	need n't
2	be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work
2	steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work
2	steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore
2	in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore
2	'50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore
2	'50s sociology , pop culture or
2	'50s sociology , pop culture
2	'50s sociology ,
2	'50s sociology
2	pop culture
2	movie lore
2	to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work
3	appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work
2	the emotional depth of Haynes ' work
3	the emotional depth
3	emotional depth
2	of Haynes ' work
2	Haynes ' work
2	Haynes '
2	Though Haynes ' style apes films from the period ... its message is not rooted in that decade .
2	Though Haynes ' style apes films from the period
3	Haynes ' style apes films from the period
2	Haynes ' style
2	Haynes '
2	apes films from the period
2	apes films
2	from the period
2	the period
2	... its message is not rooted in that decade .
2	its message is not rooted in that decade .
2	its message
2	is not rooted in that decade .
3	is not rooted in that decade
1	is not
2	rooted in that decade
2	in that decade
2	that decade
3	Waiting for Godard can be fruitful : ` In Praise of Love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself .
2	Waiting for Godard
1	for Godard
2	can be fruitful : ` In Praise of Love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself .
3	can be fruitful : ` In Praise of Love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself
2	be fruitful : ` In Praise of Love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself
2	be fruitful :
3	be fruitful
2	` In Praise of Love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself
3	In Praise of Love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself
2	In Praise of Love '
3	In Praise of Love
2	In Praise
2	of Love
2	is the director 's epitaph for himself
1	the director 's epitaph for himself
2	the director 's epitaph
3	the director 's
2	director 's
2	for himself
3	A gangster movie with the capacity to surprise .
3	A gangster movie with the capacity to surprise
3	A gangster movie with the capacity
2	A gangster movie
2	gangster movie
2	with the capacity
2	the capacity
2	to surprise
3	The film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time .
3	The film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time
1	The film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but
1	The film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings ,
1	The film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings
2	The film
1	has a laundry list of minor shortcomings
1	a laundry list of minor shortcomings
2	a laundry list
2	laundry list
1	of minor shortcomings
2	minor shortcomings
3	the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time
1	the numerous scenes of gory mayhem
3	the numerous scenes
2	numerous scenes
2	of gory mayhem
2	gory mayhem
3	are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time
3	are worth the price of admission ...
3	are worth the price of admission
4	worth the price of admission
2	the price of admission
3	the price
2	of admission
1	if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time
3	`` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time
2	`` gory mayhem ''
1	gory mayhem ''
2	mayhem ''
2	is your idea of a good time
3	your idea of a good time
2	your idea
3	of a good time
3	a good time
3	good time
3	If not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .
3	If not a home run , then at least
2	not a home run , then at least
2	not a home
2	a home
2	run , then at least
2	run , then
2	run ,
2	at least
3	a solid base hit .
3	a solid base
3	solid base
3	hit .
2	Goldmember is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse .
3	is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse .
2	is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse
2	funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse
3	funny enough
0	to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse
2	justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse
0	the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse
2	the embarrassment
0	of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse
1	bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse
1	bringing a barf bag
1	a barf bag
2	barf bag
2	to the moviehouse
2	the moviehouse
2	... a fairly disposable yet still entertaining B picture .
3	a fairly disposable yet still entertaining B picture .
3	a fairly disposable yet still entertaining B picture
3	a fairly disposable yet still entertaining B
3	fairly disposable yet still entertaining B
3	fairly disposable yet still entertaining
1	fairly disposable yet
0	fairly disposable
2	still entertaining
3	It may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .
3	It may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding
2	It may not be particularly innovative , but
1	It may not be particularly innovative ,
1	It may not be particularly innovative
1	may not be particularly innovative
1	may not
3	be particularly innovative
4	particularly innovative
4	the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding
4	the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing
3	the film 's crisp , unaffected style and
3	the film 's crisp , unaffected style
2	the film 's
2	film 's
3	crisp , unaffected style
2	, unaffected style
3	unaffected style
3	air of gentle longing
3	of gentle longing
3	gentle longing
3	make it unexpectedly rewarding
3	it unexpectedly rewarding
3	unexpectedly rewarding
2	The film truly does rescue -LRB- the Funk Brothers -RRB- from Motown 's shadows .
2	The film
2	truly does rescue -LRB- the Funk Brothers -RRB- from Motown 's shadows .
2	does rescue -LRB- the Funk Brothers -RRB- from Motown 's shadows .
2	does rescue -LRB- the Funk Brothers -RRB- from Motown 's shadows
2	rescue -LRB- the Funk Brothers -RRB- from Motown 's shadows
2	rescue -LRB- the Funk Brothers -RRB-
2	-LRB- the Funk Brothers -RRB-
2	the Funk Brothers -RRB-
2	the Funk Brothers
2	Funk Brothers
3	from Motown 's shadows
2	Motown 's shadows
2	Motown 's
2	It 's about time .
2	's about time .
2	's about time
2	about time
4	Drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , Byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
3	Drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism
3	on an irresistible , languid romanticism
3	an irresistible , languid romanticism
4	irresistible , languid romanticism
2	, languid romanticism
2	languid romanticism
3	, Byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
3	Byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
3	reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
3	reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth
2	the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth
2	the ways
3	in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth
2	in which
3	a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth
2	a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun
2	a sultry evening or
3	a sultry evening
2	sultry evening
2	a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun
2	a beer-fueled afternoon
2	beer-fueled afternoon
3	in the sun
2	the sun
2	can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth
4	inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth
2	even the most retiring heart to venture forth
2	even the most
2	the most
2	retiring heart to venture forth
2	retiring heart
2	to venture forth
3	venture forth
2	Works because we 're never sure if Ohlinger 's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks .
3	Works because we 're never sure if Ohlinger 's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks
3	Works because we 're never sure if Ohlinger 's on the level or merely
2	because we 're never sure if Ohlinger 's on the level or merely
2	we 're never sure if Ohlinger 's on the level or merely
2	're never sure if Ohlinger 's on the level or merely
2	're never
2	sure if Ohlinger 's on the level or merely
2	if Ohlinger 's on the level or merely
2	Ohlinger 's on the level or merely
2	's on the level or merely
2	on the level or merely
2	on the level or
2	on the level
2	the level
2	a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks
2	a dying , delusional man
2	dying , delusional man
1	, delusional man
1	delusional man
2	trying to get into the history books before he croaks
2	to get into the history books before he croaks
1	get into the history books before he croaks
2	get into the history books
2	into the history books
2	the history books
2	history books
2	before he croaks
1	he croaks
3	-LRB- Scherfig -RRB- has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll .
2	-LRB- Scherfig -RRB-
2	Scherfig -RRB-
3	has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll .
4	has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
4	made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
3	a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
2	a movie
3	that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
3	will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
2	leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
4	you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
3	wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
2	wondering about the characters ' lives
2	about the characters ' lives
2	the characters ' lives
2	the characters '
2	characters '
3	after the clever credits roll
3	the clever credits roll
3	clever credits roll
2	credits roll
3	A heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime Manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
3	A heady , biting , be-bop
3	heady , biting , be-bop
2	, biting , be-bop
2	biting , be-bop
2	, be-bop
3	ride through nighttime Manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
3	ride through nighttime Manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego
2	through nighttime Manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego
3	nighttime Manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego
3	nighttime Manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and
2	nighttime Manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male
2	nighttime Manhattan ,
2	nighttime Manhattan
2	a loquacious videologue of the modern male
2	a loquacious videologue
2	loquacious videologue
2	of the modern male
2	the modern male
2	modern male
0	the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego
3	the lengths
2	to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego
2	to which
1	he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego
2	'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego
2	go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego
2	to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego
1	weave a protective cocoon around his own ego
2	weave a protective cocoon
2	a protective cocoon
3	protective cocoon
2	around his own ego
2	his own ego
2	own ego
3	Skin Of Man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .
3	Skin Of Man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
1	Skin Of Man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but
2	Skin Of Man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics ,
1	Skin Of Man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics
2	Of Man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics
2	Of Man
2	gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics
2	a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics
1	a few cheap shocks
1	few cheap shocks
1	cheap shocks
2	from its kids-in-peril theatrics
2	its kids-in-peril theatrics
2	kids-in-peril theatrics
3	it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
3	also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
3	taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
2	into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
2	the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
2	the primal fears
2	primal fears
2	of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
2	young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
2	young people
1	trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
2	to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
3	cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
2	with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
2	the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
2	the mysterious and brutal nature
1	mysterious and brutal nature
2	and brutal nature
2	brutal nature
2	of adults
1	The Piano Teacher is not an easy film .
3	The Piano Teacher
2	Piano Teacher
1	is not an easy film .
2	is not an easy film
1	is not
3	an easy film
3	easy film
1	It forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .
1	It forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling
1	It forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and
1	It forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves ,
3	It forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves
1	forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves
1	you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves
2	to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves
1	watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves
3	watch people
1	doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves
2	doing unpleasant things
2	unpleasant things
2	to each other and themselves
2	each other and themselves
2	each other and
2	each other
2	it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling
2	maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling
3	maintains a cool distance
2	a cool distance
2	cool distance
1	from its material that is deliberately unsettling
1	its material that is deliberately unsettling
2	its material
2	that is deliberately unsettling
1	is deliberately unsettling
2	deliberately unsettling
3	As refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .
3	As refreshing
2	as a drink from a woodland stream .
2	as a
2	drink from a woodland stream .
2	drink from a woodland stream
3	from a woodland stream
2	a woodland stream
2	woodland stream
3	Williams absolutely nails Sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .
2	absolutely nails Sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .
3	nails Sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .
1	nails Sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness
2	Sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness
2	Sy 's
1	queasy infatuation and overall strangeness
2	infatuation and overall strangeness
2	and overall strangeness
2	overall strangeness
1	Can I admit XXX is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ?
2	Can I admit XXX is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure
2	Can I
2	admit XXX is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure
2	XXX is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure
0	is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure
1	is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still
2	is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but
1	is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book
0	is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized
2	as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized
2	as deep as a Petri dish and
1	as deep as a Petri dish
1	deep as a Petri dish
2	as a Petri dish
2	a Petri dish
2	Petri dish
3	as well-characterized
2	as a telephone book
2	a telephone book
2	telephone book
3	say it was a guilty pleasure
3	it was a guilty pleasure
3	was a guilty pleasure
4	a guilty pleasure
2	guilty pleasure
4	While it 's nothing we have n't seen before from Murphy , I Spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
2	While it 's nothing we have n't seen before from Murphy
2	it 's nothing we have n't seen before from Murphy
2	's nothing we have n't seen before from Murphy
1	nothing we have n't seen before from Murphy
2	we have n't seen before from Murphy
2	have n't seen before from Murphy
2	have n't
2	seen before from Murphy
2	before from Murphy
2	from Murphy
4	, I Spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
3	I Spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
3	Spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
3	is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
4	is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort
3	is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly
3	still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly
3	still fun and enjoyable and
3	still fun and enjoyable
4	fun and enjoyable
3	fun and
2	so aggressively silly
1	aggressively silly
3	that it 's more than a worthwhile effort
4	it 's more than a worthwhile effort
2	's more than a worthwhile effort
3	more than a worthwhile effort
3	than a worthwhile effort
3	a worthwhile effort
3	worthwhile effort
2	By the time it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes , it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better .
1	By the time it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes
2	By the time
2	the time
2	it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes
2	ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes
2	in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes
1	a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes
3	a rush
2	of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes
2	sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes
3	, flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes
2	flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes
2	, blaring brass and back-stabbing babes
2	blaring brass and back-stabbing babes
2	brass and back-stabbing babes
2	and back-stabbing babes
3	back-stabbing babes
1	, it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better .
2	it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better .
2	has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better .
2	has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better
2	said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better
1	said plenty
2	about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better
1	how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better
3	show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better
2	show business
1	has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better
1	infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better
2	infiltrated every corner of society
1	infiltrated every corner
2	every corner
2	of society
1	-- and not always for the better
1	and not always for the better
1	not always for the better
3	always for the better
3	for the better
2	the better
3	An intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .
4	An intimate contemplation of two marvelously
3	An intimate contemplation
3	intimate contemplation
2	of two marvelously
3	two marvelously
2	messy lives .
2	lives .
3	Rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in Trouble Every Day .
2	has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in Trouble Every Day .
3	has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in Trouble Every Day
2	skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in Trouble Every Day
4	looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in Trouble Every Day
3	looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable ,
4	as beautiful , desirable , even delectable ,
3	as beautiful , desirable , even delectable
3	as beautiful , desirable ,
3	as beautiful , desirable
3	as beautiful ,
3	as beautiful
3	even delectable
2	as it does in Trouble Every Day
3	it does in Trouble Every Day
2	does in Trouble Every Day
1	in Trouble Every Day
2	Trouble Every Day
2	Every Day
3	This is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
4	is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
4	is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party
4	one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party
4	of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party
3	those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party
2	those rare docs
2	rare docs
4	that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party
3	paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party
3	paints a grand picture of an era and
3	paints a grand picture of an era
3	a grand picture of an era
4	a grand picture
3	grand picture
2	of an era
2	an era
3	makes the journey feel like a party
3	the journey feel like a party
2	the journey
2	feel like a party
3	like a party
2	a party
3	Poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .
3	Poignant if familiar story of a young person
2	Poignant if familiar story
2	if familiar story
2	if familiar
2	of a young person
2	a young person
2	young person
2	suspended between two cultures .
2	suspended between two cultures
2	between two cultures
2	two cultures
3	A metaphor for a modern-day urban China searching for its identity .
2	A metaphor for a modern-day urban China searching for its identity
3	A metaphor for a modern-day urban China
2	A metaphor
2	for a modern-day urban China
2	a modern-day urban China
2	modern-day urban China
2	urban China
1	searching for its identity
2	for its identity
2	its identity
3	For all its brooding quality , Ash Wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
2	For all its brooding quality
2	all its brooding quality
2	its brooding quality
2	brooding quality
4	, Ash Wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
4	Ash Wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
2	Ash Wednesday
4	is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
3	is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast
4	is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable ,
4	is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable
4	suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable
2	suspenseful and
3	ultimately unpredictable
2	with a sterling ensemble cast
4	a sterling ensemble cast
4	sterling ensemble cast
3	ensemble cast
4	An odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the Midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to .
1	An odd drama
1	odd drama
3	set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the Midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to .
4	set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the Midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to
3	set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers
2	in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers
2	the world of lingerie models and bar dancers
2	the world
3	of lingerie models and bar dancers
1	lingerie models and bar dancers
2	models and bar dancers
2	and bar dancers
2	bar dancers
3	in the Midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to
2	the Midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to
2	the Midwest
3	that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to
3	held my interest precisely because it did n't try to
3	held my interest precisely
3	held my interest
2	my interest
2	because it did n't try to
2	it did n't try to
2	did n't try to
2	did n't
2	try to
3	The film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .
2	The film
3	feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .
3	feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority
3	feels uncomfortably real ,
3	feels uncomfortably real
3	uncomfortably real
2	its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority
2	its language and locations
3	language and locations
2	language and
3	bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority
3	the unmistakable stamp of authority
2	the unmistakable stamp
2	unmistakable stamp
2	of authority
3	Despite its faults , Gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .
2	Despite its faults
1	its faults
3	, Gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .
3	Gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .
3	excels in spectacle and pacing .
3	excels in spectacle and pacing
2	in spectacle and pacing
3	spectacle and pacing
1	spectacle and
2	Entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from Venus and men from Mars can indeed get together .
3	Entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from Venus and men from Mars can indeed get together
3	Entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis
2	despite its one-joke premise with the thesis
1	its one-joke premise with the thesis
3	its one-joke premise
1	one-joke premise
2	with the thesis
2	the thesis
2	that women from Venus and men from Mars can indeed get together
2	women from Venus and men from Mars can indeed get together
2	women from Venus and men from Mars
2	women from Venus and
2	women from Venus
2	from Venus
2	men from Mars
2	from Mars
2	can indeed get together
2	can indeed
3	get together
3	A tightly directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .
2	A tightly
3	directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .
3	directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways
2	directed ,
4	highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways
4	highly professional film
3	professional film
4	that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways
4	's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways
3	old-fashioned in all the best possible ways
3	in all the best possible ways
3	all the best possible ways
4	the best possible ways
3	best possible ways
3	best possible
4	It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .
4	It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate
3	It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and
3	It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ;
3	It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters
3	It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ;
3	It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments
2	's dark but has wonderfully funny moments
2	's dark but
2	's dark
3	has wonderfully funny moments
3	wonderfully funny moments
3	wonderfully funny
3	you care about the characters
2	care about the characters
2	about the characters
2	the characters
2	the action and special effects are first-rate
3	the action and special effects
3	the action and
2	the action
2	special effects
4	are first-rate
3	In visual fertility Treasure Planet rivals the top Japanese animations of recent vintage .
2	In visual fertility
2	visual fertility
4	Treasure Planet rivals the top Japanese animations of recent vintage .
2	Treasure Planet
4	rivals the top Japanese animations of recent vintage .
3	rivals the top Japanese animations of recent vintage
3	the top Japanese animations of recent vintage
3	the top Japanese animations
3	top Japanese animations
2	Japanese animations
2	of recent vintage
2	recent vintage
4	Enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .
4	Enormously enjoyable
3	, high-adrenaline documentary .
3	high-adrenaline documentary .
4	high-adrenaline documentary
3	Buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .
3	Buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role
3	Buy is an accomplished actress , and
3	Buy is an accomplished actress ,
3	Buy is an accomplished actress
3	is an accomplished actress
3	an accomplished actress
4	accomplished actress
3	this is a big , juicy role
3	is a big , juicy role
3	a big , juicy role
3	big , juicy role
2	, juicy role
3	juicy role
4	It works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun .
3	works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun .
3	works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun
4	works its magic with such exuberance and passion
3	works its magic
3	its magic
4	with such exuberance and passion
4	such exuberance and passion
4	exuberance and passion
2	exuberance and
3	that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun
3	the film 's length becomes a part of its fun
2	the film 's length
2	the film 's
2	film 's
3	becomes a part of its fun
3	a part of its fun
2	a part
2	of its fun
3	its fun
4	Beautifully crafted and brutally honest , Promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of its people .
4	Beautifully crafted and brutally honest
3	Beautifully crafted and
3	Beautifully crafted
3	brutally honest
3	, Promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of its people .
3	Promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of its people .
3	offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of its people .
3	offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of its people
3	offers an unexpected window
2	an unexpected window
2	unexpected window
2	into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of its people
3	into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and
2	into the complexities of the Middle East struggle
2	the complexities of the Middle East struggle
2	the complexities
2	of the Middle East struggle
2	the Middle East struggle
2	Middle East struggle
1	Middle East
2	into the humanity of its people
4	the humanity of its people
2	the humanity
2	of its people
2	its people
3	An old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore .
3	An old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they
4	An old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale
3	old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale
3	old-fashioned but emotionally stirring
2	old-fashioned but
3	emotionally stirring
2	adventure tale
2	of the kind they
2	the kind they
2	kind they
2	rarely make anymore .
2	make anymore .
2	make anymore
3	Charlotte Sometimes is a gem .
4	Sometimes is a gem .
4	is a gem .
3	is a gem
4	a gem
4	It 's always enthralling .
3	's always enthralling .
4	's always enthralling
2	's always
2	In my opinion , Analyze That is not as funny or entertaining as Analyze This , but it is a respectable sequel .
2	In my opinion , Analyze That is not as funny or entertaining as Analyze This , but it is a respectable sequel
1	In my opinion , Analyze That is not as funny or entertaining as Analyze This , but
1	In my opinion , Analyze That is not as funny or entertaining as Analyze This ,
1	In my opinion , Analyze That is not as funny or entertaining as Analyze This
2	In my opinion , Analyze
2	my opinion , Analyze
2	my opinion ,
2	my opinion
1	That is not as funny or entertaining as Analyze This
1	is not as funny or entertaining as Analyze This
1	is not as funny or entertaining
1	is not
3	as funny or entertaining
3	funny or entertaining
3	funny or
2	as Analyze This
2	Analyze This
3	it is a respectable sequel
3	is a respectable sequel
3	a respectable sequel
3	respectable sequel
4	A remarkable film by Bernard Rose .
4	A remarkable film by Bernard Rose
4	A remarkable film
4	remarkable film
2	by Bernard Rose
2	Bernard Rose
3	Zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does .
3	Zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does
3	Zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but
4	Zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance ,
3	Zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance
3	creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance
4	delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance
3	delicate balance
3	of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance
2	style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance
2	style , text , and subtext
2	, text , and subtext
2	text , and subtext
2	, and subtext
3	, and
2	that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance
3	's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance
2	so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance
3	simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance
3	simple and precise
2	simple and
2	that anything discordant would topple the balance
2	anything discordant would topple the balance
2	anything discordant
2	would topple the balance
2	topple the balance
2	the balance
2	against all odds , nothing does
3	against all odds
2	all odds
2	, nothing does
2	nothing does
3	A much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director Anthony Friedman 's similarly updated 1970 British production .
4	A much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation
2	A much more successful translation
4	much more successful translation
3	much more successful
3	more successful
2	than its most famous previous film adaptation
2	its most famous previous film adaptation
2	most famous previous film adaptation
3	most famous
2	previous film adaptation
2	film adaptation
2	, writer-director Anthony Friedman 's similarly updated 1970 British production .
2	writer-director Anthony Friedman 's similarly updated 1970 British production .
2	writer-director Anthony Friedman
2	Anthony Friedman
2	's similarly updated 1970 British production .
2	's similarly updated 1970 British production
2	's similarly
2	updated 1970 British production
2	1970 British production
2	British production
3	an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind
3	an original and highly cerebral examination
3	original and highly cerebral examination
4	original and highly cerebral
2	original and
3	highly cerebral
2	of the psychopathic mind
2	the psychopathic mind
2	psychopathic mind
3	Michel Piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .
4	Michel Piccoli 's moving performance
2	Michel Piccoli 's
2	Piccoli 's
4	moving performance
3	is this films reason for being .
2	is this films reason for being
2	this films reason for being
2	this films reason
2	films reason
2	for being
4	A captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ...
4	A captivating and intimate study about dying and loving
3	A captivating and intimate study
3	captivating and intimate study
4	captivating and intimate
3	captivating and
2	about dying and loving
3	dying and loving
1	dying and
4	This is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice .
4	is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice .
3	is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice
3	an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice
4	an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do --
4	an elegantly balanced movie
4	elegantly balanced movie
2	balanced movie
3	-- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do --
3	every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do --
4	every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do
3	every member
2	of the ensemble has something fascinating to do
3	the ensemble has something fascinating to do
2	the ensemble
3	has something fascinating to do
3	has something fascinating
3	something fascinating
2	to do
1	that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice
1	does n't reveal even a hint of artifice
1	does n't
2	reveal even a hint of artifice
2	even a hint of artifice
2	even a hint
3	a hint
2	of artifice
3	-LRB- Grant -RRB- goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .
2	-LRB- Grant -RRB-
2	Grant -RRB-
2	goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .
3	goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it
3	goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and
3	goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering
2	beyond his usual fluttering and stammering
2	his usual fluttering and stammering
1	usual fluttering and stammering
2	fluttering and stammering
2	fluttering and
3	captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it
3	the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it
1	the soul of a man in pain
2	the soul
2	of a man in pain
1	a man in pain
2	a man
1	in pain
2	who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it
2	gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it
2	comes to recognize it and deal with it
2	to recognize it and deal with it
2	recognize it and deal with it
2	recognize it and
3	recognize it
2	deal with it
3	with it
3	A high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of Berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .
3	A high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of Berlin
4	A high-spirited buddy movie
3	high-spirited buddy movie
2	buddy movie
2	about the reunion of Berlin
2	the reunion of Berlin
3	the reunion
2	of Berlin
2	anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .
3	anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime
2	who face arrest 15 years after their crime
1	face arrest 15 years after their crime
2	arrest 15 years after their crime
2	arrest 15 years
2	15 years
2	after their crime
2	their crime
3	About the best thing you could say about Narc is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture .
1	About the best thing you could say about Narc
2	About the best thing
2	the best thing
4	best thing
2	you could say about Narc
2	could say about Narc
2	say about Narc
2	about Narc
3	is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture .
4	is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture
4	that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture
4	it 's a rock-solid little genre picture
3	's a rock-solid little genre picture
3	a rock-solid little genre picture
3	rock-solid little genre picture
2	little genre picture
2	genre picture
2	Whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste .
2	Whether you like it or not
2	you like it or not
2	like it or not
3	like it or
3	like it
2	is basically a matter of taste .
2	is basically a matter of taste
2	is basically
2	a matter of taste
2	a matter
2	of taste
2	An involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls prey to its sob-story trappings .
3	An involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls
4	An involving , inspirational drama
3	involving , inspirational drama
3	, inspirational drama
3	inspirational drama
1	that sometimes falls
1	sometimes falls
1	prey to its sob-story trappings .
2	prey to its sob-story trappings
2	to its sob-story trappings
2	its sob-story trappings
1	sob-story trappings
3	Some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time .
4	Some of the most inventive
4	of the most inventive
3	the most inventive
3	most inventive
2	silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time .
3	silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time
3	you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time
2	are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time
3	likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time
2	to witness in a movie theatre for some time
2	witness in a movie theatre for some time
2	in a movie theatre for some time
2	a movie theatre for some time
3	a movie theatre
2	movie theatre
2	for some time
2	some time
4	Canadian filmmaker Gary Burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .
3	Canadian filmmaker Gary Burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous
2	Canadian filmmaker Gary Burns '
2	filmmaker Gary Burns '
2	Gary Burns '
2	Burns '
4	inventive and mordantly humorous
3	and mordantly humorous
2	mordantly humorous
2	take on the soullessness of work in the city .
2	take on the soullessness of work in the city
3	take on the soullessness of work
1	on the soullessness of work
2	the soullessness of work
1	the soullessness
2	of work
2	in the city
2	the city
4	A rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .
3	A rollicking
4	ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .
4	ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending
3	ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour
2	ride ,
4	with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour
4	jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour
4	jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and
4	jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music
4	jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology ,
4	jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology
4	jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette ,
4	jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette
4	jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains ,
4	jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains
3	jaw-dropping action sequences ,
4	jaw-dropping action sequences
2	action sequences
3	striking villains
4	a gorgeous color palette
3	gorgeous color palette
2	color palette
2	astounding technology
3	stirring music
2	a boffo last hour
3	boffo last hour
2	last hour
3	that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending
3	leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending
2	leads up
3	to a strangely sinister happy ending
3	a strangely sinister happy ending
3	strangely sinister happy ending
3	sinister happy ending
3	happy ending
4	Everyone 's insecure in Lovely and Amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships .
3	's insecure in Lovely and Amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships .
3	's insecure in Lovely and Amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships
3	's insecure in Lovely and Amazing ,
2	's insecure in Lovely and Amazing
2	's insecure
3	in Lovely and Amazing
3	Lovely and Amazing
3	Lovely and
3	a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships
3	a poignant and wryly amusing film
3	poignant and wryly amusing film
3	poignant and wryly amusing
3	poignant and
3	wryly amusing
2	about mothers , daughters and their relationships
2	mothers , daughters and their relationships
2	mothers , daughters and
2	mothers , daughters
1	mothers ,
2	their relationships
3	The closest thing to the experience of space travel
2	The closest thing to the experience
2	The closest thing
2	closest thing
3	to the experience
2	the experience
2	of space travel
2	space travel
3	Connoisseurs of Chinese film will be pleased to discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
2	Connoisseurs of Chinese film
2	of Chinese film
2	Chinese film
3	will be pleased to discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
3	will be pleased to discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus
3	be pleased to discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus
3	pleased to discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus
3	to discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus
4	discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus
3	that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus
4	Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus
3	Tian 's meticulous talent
2	Tian 's
3	meticulous talent
2	has not withered during his enforced hiatus
2	has not
2	withered during his enforced hiatus
2	during his enforced hiatus
2	his enforced hiatus
2	enforced hiatus
3	If you can push on through the slow spots , you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
1	If you can push on through the slow spots
2	you can push on through the slow spots
2	can push on through the slow spots
2	push on through the slow spots
2	push on
2	through the slow spots
2	the slow spots
2	slow spots
3	, you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
4	you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
4	'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
3	'll be rewarded with some fine acting
4	be rewarded with some fine acting
3	rewarded with some fine acting
3	with some fine acting
3	some fine acting
4	fine acting
3	An unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .
3	An unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally
2	An unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach
1	unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach
2	unusually dry-eyed
2	, even analytical approach
2	even analytical approach
2	even analytical
2	to material that is generally
2	material that is generally
2	that is generally
2	is generally
2	played for maximum moisture .
3	played for maximum moisture
2	for maximum moisture
2	maximum moisture
3	Symbolically , Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
3	, Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
3	Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
2	Warm Water
3	Under a Red Bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
2	Under a Red Bridge
2	a Red Bridge
2	Red Bridge
4	is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
4	is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal
3	a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal
3	a celebration
3	of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal
4	feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal
2	feminine energy ,
2	feminine energy
3	a tribute to the power of women to heal
3	a tribute
3	to the power of women to heal
2	the power of women to heal
3	the power
2	of women to heal
2	women to heal
2	to heal
4	Spy Kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : It actually improves upon the original hit movie .
3	Spy Kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : It actually improves upon the original hit movie
3	Spy Kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels :
3	Spy Kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels
2	Spy Kids 2
2	Kids 2
2	also happens to be that rarity among sequels
3	happens to be that rarity among sequels
3	to be that rarity among sequels
2	be that rarity among sequels
3	that rarity among sequels
2	that rarity
2	among sequels
4	It actually improves upon the original hit movie
3	actually improves upon the original hit movie
3	improves upon the original hit movie
2	upon the original hit movie
3	the original hit movie
3	original hit movie
2	hit movie
4	Exceptionally well acted by Diane Lane and Richard Gere .
4	well acted by Diane Lane and Richard Gere .
3	acted by Diane Lane and Richard Gere .
2	acted by Diane Lane and Richard Gere
2	by Diane Lane and Richard Gere
2	Diane Lane and Richard Gere
2	Diane Lane and
2	Diane Lane
2	Richard Gere
3	Like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock .
3	Like a precious and finely cut diamond
2	a precious and finely cut diamond
3	precious and finely cut diamond
3	and finely cut diamond
3	finely cut diamond
2	cut diamond
4	, magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock .
3	magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock .
3	magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty
3	to behold in its sparkling beauty
3	behold in its sparkling beauty
3	in its sparkling beauty
3	its sparkling beauty
4	sparkling beauty
2	yet in reality it 's one tough rock .
3	in reality it 's one tough rock .
2	in reality
3	it 's one tough rock .
2	's one tough rock .
2	's one tough rock
2	one tough rock
2	tough rock
4	In addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- Lilo & Stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
4	In addition to scoring high for originality of plot
3	addition to scoring high for originality of plot
4	to scoring high for originality of plot
3	scoring high for originality of plot
3	scoring high
3	for originality of plot
3	originality of plot
2	of plot
3	-- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- Lilo & Stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
2	-- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way --
3	putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way --
3	putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way
3	putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love
4	together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love
3	together familiar themes
2	together familiar
3	of family , forgiveness and love
3	family , forgiveness and love
2	, forgiveness and love
3	forgiveness and love
2	forgiveness and
3	in a new way
2	a new way
2	new way
3	Lilo & Stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
2	Lilo & Stitch
2	Lilo &
3	has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
3	has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded
3	a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded
2	a number of other assets
2	a number
2	of other assets
2	other assets
3	to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded
2	commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded
2	commend it
2	to movie audiences both innocent and jaded
1	movie audiences both innocent and jaded
2	movie audiences
3	both innocent and jaded
2	innocent and jaded
3	innocent and
3	Miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .
3	has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .
3	has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection
3	crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection
4	an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection
3	an intriguing story of maternal instincts and
3	an intriguing story of maternal instincts
3	an intriguing story
4	intriguing story
2	of maternal instincts
2	maternal instincts
1	misguided acts of affection
2	misguided acts
2	of affection
4	One of the most exciting action films to come out of China in recent years .
4	One of the most exciting action films to come out of China in recent years
3	One of the most exciting action films
3	of the most exciting action films
4	the most exciting action films
3	most exciting action films
4	most exciting
2	action films
2	to come out of China in recent years
2	come out of China in recent years
2	come out
2	of China in recent years
2	China in recent years
2	in recent years
2	recent years
2	This is a nervy , risky film , and Villeneuve has inspired Croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of Bibi .
4	This is a nervy , risky film , and Villeneuve has inspired Croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of Bibi
3	This is a nervy , risky film , and
2	This is a nervy , risky film ,
2	This is a nervy , risky film
3	is a nervy , risky film
2	a nervy , risky film
2	nervy , risky film
1	nervy , risky
2	, risky
2	Villeneuve has inspired Croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of Bibi
2	has inspired Croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of Bibi
2	inspired Croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of Bibi
3	Croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of Bibi
2	to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of Bibi
3	give herself over completely to the tormented persona of Bibi
2	give herself over completely
1	give herself over
2	give herself
2	to the tormented persona of Bibi
2	the tormented persona of Bibi
2	the tormented persona
2	tormented persona
2	of Bibi
4	MY LITTLE EYE is the best little `` horror '' movie I 've seen in years .
2	MY LITTLE EYE
2	LITTLE EYE
4	is the best little `` horror '' movie I 've seen in years .
4	is the best little `` horror '' movie I 've seen in years
4	the best little `` horror '' movie I 've seen in years
3	the best little `` horror '' movie
3	best little `` horror '' movie
3	best little
2	`` horror '' movie
2	horror '' movie
2	'' movie
2	I 've seen in years
2	've seen in years
3	seen in years
2	in years
4	Tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
3	, brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
4	brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
3	brimming with coltish , neurotic energy
2	with coltish , neurotic energy
2	coltish , neurotic energy
2	, neurotic energy
2	neurotic energy
3	, holds the screen like a true star .
3	holds the screen like a true star .
3	holds the screen like a true star
3	the screen like a true star
2	the screen
3	like a true star
3	a true star
3	true star
4	Even if the Naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .
3	Even if the Naipaul original remains the real masterpiece
2	if the Naipaul original remains the real masterpiece
2	the Naipaul original remains the real masterpiece
2	the Naipaul original
3	Naipaul original
4	remains the real masterpiece
4	the real masterpiece
4	real masterpiece
3	, the movie possesses its own languorous charm .
3	the movie possesses its own languorous charm .
2	the movie
3	possesses its own languorous charm .
2	possesses its own languorous charm
3	its own languorous charm
3	own languorous charm
3	languorous charm
3	-LRB- The film -RRB- tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it 's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .
3	-LRB- The film -RRB- tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
3	The film -RRB- tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
2	The film
2	-RRB- tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
4	tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
3	the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
2	the topic
4	of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
3	relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
3	in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
4	such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
3	a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
3	a straightforward , emotionally honest manner
3	straightforward , emotionally honest manner
4	straightforward , emotionally honest
3	, emotionally honest
3	emotionally honest
2	that by the end
2	by the end
2	the end
2	, it 's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .
2	it 's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .
2	's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .
2	's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful
2	impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful
2	to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful
2	ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful
2	whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful
3	the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful
2	the film
2	is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful
2	is , at its core ,
2	is , at its core
2	is ,
2	at its core
3	its core
2	deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful
3	deeply pessimistic or
1	deeply pessimistic
3	quietly hopeful
2	Sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite , but sometimes it must have seemed to Frida Kahlo as if her life did , too .
3	Sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite , but sometimes it must have seemed to Frida Kahlo as if her life did , too
2	Sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite , but
1	Sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite ,
2	Sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite
3	we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite
3	feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite
3	as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite
2	if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite
3	the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite
2	the film
2	careens from one colorful event to another without respite
3	careens from one colorful event to another
3	from one colorful event to another
3	one colorful event to another
3	one colorful event
3	colorful event
2	to another
1	without respite
2	sometimes it must have seemed to Frida Kahlo as if her life did , too
2	it must have seemed to Frida Kahlo as if her life did , too
2	must have seemed to Frida Kahlo as if her life did , too
2	have seemed to Frida Kahlo as if her life did , too
2	seemed to Frida Kahlo as if her life did , too
2	seemed to Frida Kahlo
2	to Frida Kahlo
2	Frida Kahlo
2	as if her life did , too
2	if her life did , too
2	her life did , too
2	her life
2	did , too
2	did ,
3	The strength of the film lies in its two central performances by Sven Wollter as the stricken composer and Viveka Seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .
2	The strength of the film
3	The strength
2	of the film
2	the film
2	lies in its two central performances by Sven Wollter as the stricken composer and Viveka Seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .
2	lies in its two central performances by Sven Wollter as the stricken composer and Viveka Seldahl as his desperate violinist wife
2	lies in its two central performances
2	in its two central performances
2	its two central performances
3	two central performances
2	central performances
2	by Sven Wollter as the stricken composer and Viveka Seldahl as his desperate violinist wife
3	Sven Wollter as the stricken composer and Viveka Seldahl as his desperate violinist wife
2	Sven Wollter as the stricken composer and
2	Sven Wollter as the stricken composer
2	Sven Wollter
2	as the stricken composer
2	the stricken composer
2	stricken composer
2	Viveka Seldahl as his desperate violinist wife
2	Viveka Seldahl
2	as his desperate violinist wife
2	his desperate violinist wife
2	desperate violinist wife
2	violinist wife
2	Like the series , the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive .
2	Like the series
2	the series
4	, the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive .
4	the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive .
2	the movie
4	is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive .
3	is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive
4	is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all ,
4	is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all
4	is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most
3	funny , smart , visually inventive , and most
4	funny , smart , visually inventive , and
4	funny , smart , visually inventive ,
3	funny , smart , visually inventive
3	funny , smart ,
4	funny , smart
3	funny ,
3	visually inventive
2	of all
2	It was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .
1	was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .
1	was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at
1	filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at
2	filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing
1	with shootings , beatings , and more cussing
2	shootings , beatings , and more cussing
2	shootings , beatings , and
2	shootings , beatings ,
1	shootings , beatings
2	shootings ,
2	more cussing
2	than you could shake a stick at
3	you could shake a stick at
2	could shake a stick at
2	shake a stick at
2	shake a stick
3	a stick
1	You do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace .
2	do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace .
1	do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
2	do n't
2	know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
1	whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
2	to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
1	admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
4	admire the film 's stately nature and
3	admire the film 's stately nature
2	the film 's stately nature
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	stately nature
0	call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
1	it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
2	classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
2	classicism or
0	be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
1	exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
1	by a noticeable lack of pace
1	a noticeable lack of pace
2	a noticeable lack
1	noticeable lack
2	of pace
2	Or both .
2	both .
1	Sure , I hated myself in the morning .
1	, I hated myself in the morning .
1	I hated myself in the morning .
1	hated myself in the morning .
0	hated myself in the morning
0	hated myself
2	in the morning
2	the morning
1	But then again , I hate myself most mornings .
0	then again , I hate myself most mornings .
2	then again
1	, I hate myself most mornings .
2	I hate myself most mornings .
1	hate myself most mornings .
1	hate myself most mornings
0	hate myself
3	most mornings
3	I still like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned .
3	still like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned .
2	like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned .
2	like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned
2	Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned
2	Moonlight Mile , better judgment
2	Mile , better judgment
2	, better judgment
2	better judgment
2	be damned
1	Time Out is as serious as a pink slip .
1	Time Out
1	is as serious as a pink slip .
2	is as serious as a pink slip
2	as serious as a pink slip
2	serious as a pink slip
1	as a pink slip
2	a pink slip
2	pink slip
3	And more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
3	more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
2	more than that
2	than that
4	, it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
3	it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
3	's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
2	's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation
2	an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation
3	an observant , unfussily poetic meditation
3	observant , unfussily poetic meditation
3	observant , unfussily poetic
3	, unfussily poetic
2	unfussily poetic
1	about identity and alienation
2	identity and alienation
2	identity and
4	Will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
3	assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
4	rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
4	rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year
4	as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year
4	one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year
4	of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year
4	the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year
3	the cleverest ,
3	the cleverest
4	most deceptively amusing comedies of the year
3	most deceptively amusing comedies
3	most deceptively amusing
3	deceptively amusing
2	of the year
2	the year
3	Maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .
4	Maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards
2	Maryam is a small film , but
2	Maryam is a small film ,
2	Maryam is a small film
2	is a small film
2	a small film
2	small film
4	it offers large rewards
3	offers large rewards
3	large rewards
3	A highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .
3	A highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet
4	A highly watchable , giggly little story
4	highly watchable , giggly little story
4	highly watchable
3	, giggly little story
2	giggly little story
2	giggly little
3	with a sweet
3	a sweet
3	edge to it .
3	edge to it
2	to it
3	The most consistently funny of the Austin Powers films .
4	The most consistently funny of the Austin Powers films
3	The most consistently funny
2	The most
3	consistently funny
3	of the Austin Powers films
2	the Austin Powers films
3	Austin Powers films
2	Powers films
2	Ana 's journey is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , as she 's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique ...
2	Ana 's journey
2	Ana 's
2	is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , as she 's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique ...
3	is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , as she 's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique
3	is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery ,
2	is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery
1	is not
1	a stereotypical one of self-discovery
1	a stereotypical one
1	stereotypical one
2	of self-discovery
3	as she 's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique
3	she 's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique
3	's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique
2	's already
3	comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique
3	comfortable enough
2	in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique
2	her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique
3	own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique
3	skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique
3	to be proud of her Rubenesque physique
2	be proud of her Rubenesque physique
2	proud of her Rubenesque physique
3	of her Rubenesque physique
3	her Rubenesque physique
2	Rubenesque physique
2	Cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of Those Days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie .
2	has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of Those Days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie .
3	has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of Those Days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie
3	the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of Those Days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie
3	the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of Those Days ,
3	the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of Those Days
2	the glorious , gaudy benefit
4	glorious , gaudy benefit
2	, gaudy benefit
2	gaudy benefit
2	of much stock footage of Those Days
2	much stock footage of Those Days
2	much stock footage
1	stock footage
2	of Those Days
2	Those Days
2	featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie
1	all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie
2	all manner
3	of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie
2	drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie
1	drag queen ,
2	drag queen
2	bearded lady and lactating hippie
2	bearded lady and
2	bearded lady
1	lactating hippie
3	There 's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
3	's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
4	's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
3	something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
2	something poignant
3	about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
3	an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
2	an artist
2	of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
3	90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
2	90-plus years
3	taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
2	the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
3	effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
3	to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
3	share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
3	his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
3	his impressions of life and loss and
2	his impressions of life and loss
2	his impressions
2	of life and loss
2	life and loss
2	life and
2	time and art with us
3	time and art
2	time and
3	with us
2	The comedy makes social commentary more palatable .
3	The comedy
3	makes social commentary more palatable .
2	makes social commentary more palatable
2	social commentary more palatable
2	social commentary
3	more palatable
3	An ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .
3	An ideal
3	love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .
2	love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre
1	story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre
2	for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre
2	those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre
2	those intolerant
2	of the more common saccharine genre
1	the more common saccharine genre
2	more common saccharine genre
2	more common
1	saccharine genre
3	One funny popcorn flick .
3	One funny popcorn
3	funny popcorn
2	flick .
1	This New Zealand coming-of-age movie is n't really about anything .
2	This New Zealand coming-of-age movie
3	New Zealand coming-of-age movie
3	Zealand coming-of-age movie
2	coming-of-age movie
1	is n't really about anything .
2	is n't really about anything
2	is n't really
1	is n't
2	about anything
3	When it 's this rich and luscious , who cares ?
4	When it 's this rich and luscious
3	it 's this rich and luscious
3	's this rich and luscious
3	this rich and luscious
3	rich and luscious
3	rich and
2	, who cares ?
1	who cares ?
2	cares ?
4	Tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham .
4	is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham .
3	is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham
4	worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham
3	a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham
2	a look
4	for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham
3	its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham
3	its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and
4	its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life
3	its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting ,
3	its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting
3	its true-to-life characters ,
2	its true-to-life characters
3	true-to-life characters
2	its sensitive acting
3	sensitive acting
2	its unadorned view of rural life
1	its unadorned view
2	unadorned view
2	of rural life
2	rural life
3	the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham
3	the subtle direction
1	subtle direction
2	of first-timer Hilary Birmingham
2	first-timer Hilary Birmingham
2	Hilary Birmingham
4	This gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .
4	This gorgeous epic
4	gorgeous epic
4	is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .
4	is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family
4	guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family
4	to lift the spirits of the whole family
4	lift the spirits of the whole family
2	the spirits of the whole family
2	the spirits
2	of the whole family
2	the whole family
3	whole family
3	The Wild Thornberrys Movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough .
3	The Wild Thornberrys Movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough
3	The Wild Thornberrys Movie is pleasant enough and
3	The Wild Thornberrys Movie is pleasant enough
3	The Wild Thornberrys Movie
2	Wild Thornberrys Movie
3	Thornberrys Movie
3	is pleasant enough
3	pleasant enough
3	the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough
2	the message of our close ties with animals
2	the message
2	of our close ties with animals
3	our close ties with animals
2	our close ties
2	close ties
2	with animals
2	can certainly not be emphasized enough
2	can certainly not
2	can certainly
2	be emphasized enough
2	emphasized enough
4	Williams creates a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
4	creates a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
3	creates a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity
4	a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity
4	a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal
4	stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal
2	, Taxi Driver-esque portrayal
2	Taxi Driver-esque portrayal
2	Driver-esque portrayal
2	of a man teetering on the edge of sanity
2	a man teetering on the edge of sanity
2	a man
1	teetering on the edge of sanity
2	on the edge of sanity
1	the edge of sanity
3	the edge
2	of sanity
3	If you 're in the right B-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you .
2	If you 're in the right B-movie frame of mind
3	you 're in the right B-movie frame of mind
2	're in the right B-movie frame of mind
2	in the right B-movie frame of mind
3	the right B-movie frame of mind
2	the right B-movie frame
2	right B-movie frame
2	B-movie frame
2	of mind
3	, it may just scare the pants off you .
2	it may just scare the pants off you .
3	may just scare the pants off you .
2	may just scare the pants off you
2	may just
3	scare the pants off you
3	scare the pants
2	the pants
2	off you
4	A movie of riveting power and sadness .
3	A movie of riveting power and sadness
2	A movie
3	of riveting power and sadness
3	riveting power and sadness
2	power and sadness
2	power and
3	Both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .
2	Both a detective story and a romance
2	a detective story and a romance
2	a detective story and
2	a detective story
3	detective story
2	a romance
3	spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .
3	spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics
2	with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics
3	the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics
2	the intrigue
1	of academic skullduggery and politics
2	academic skullduggery and politics
2	skullduggery and politics
1	skullduggery and
3	Ludicrous , but director Carl Franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .
3	, but director Carl Franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .
3	, but director Carl Franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining
2	, but
3	director Carl Franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining
2	director Carl Franklin
2	Carl Franklin
3	adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining
3	enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining
1	enough flourishes and freak-outs
2	flourishes and freak-outs
3	flourishes and
2	to make it entertaining
2	make it entertaining
3	it entertaining
3	Director Roger Kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity .
2	Director Roger Kumble
2	Roger Kumble
3	offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity .
2	offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity
3	just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity
3	enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity
2	enough sweet and traditional romantic
3	enough sweet and
2	enough sweet
3	traditional romantic
2	comedy to counter the crudity
2	to counter the crudity
1	counter the crudity
2	the crudity
3	And there 's the inimitable Diaz , holding it all together .
3	there 's the inimitable Diaz , holding it all together .
3	's the inimitable Diaz , holding it all together .
2	's the inimitable Diaz , holding it all together
2	's the inimitable Diaz ,
3	's the inimitable Diaz
2	the inimitable Diaz
3	inimitable Diaz
2	holding it all together
2	holding it
2	all together
3	Spielberg 's picture is smarter and subtler than -LRB- Total Recall and Blade Runner -RRB- , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences .
2	Spielberg 's picture
2	Spielberg 's
2	is smarter and subtler than -LRB- Total Recall and Blade Runner -RRB- , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences .
3	is smarter and subtler than -LRB- Total Recall and Blade Runner -RRB- , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences
3	is smarter and subtler than -LRB- Total Recall and Blade Runner -RRB- ,
2	is smarter and subtler than -LRB- Total Recall and Blade Runner -RRB-
3	is smarter and subtler
3	smarter and subtler
2	smarter and
2	than -LRB- Total Recall and Blade Runner -RRB-
2	-LRB- Total Recall and Blade Runner -RRB-
2	Total Recall and Blade Runner -RRB-
2	Total Recall and Blade Runner
2	Total Recall and
2	Total Recall
2	Blade Runner
2	although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences
1	its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences
2	its plot
1	may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences
1	prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences
1	prove too convoluted
1	too convoluted
3	for fun-seeking summer audiences
3	fun-seeking summer audiences
2	summer audiences
3	It 's got all the familiar Bruckheimer elements , and Schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the Hopkins\/Rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .
3	It 's got all the familiar Bruckheimer elements , and Schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the Hopkins\/Rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas
2	It 's got all the familiar Bruckheimer elements , and
3	It 's got all the familiar Bruckheimer elements ,
2	It 's got all the familiar Bruckheimer elements
2	's got all the familiar Bruckheimer elements
2	got all the familiar Bruckheimer elements
2	all the familiar Bruckheimer elements
2	the familiar Bruckheimer elements
2	familiar Bruckheimer elements
2	Bruckheimer elements
3	Schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the Hopkins\/Rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas
3	does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the Hopkins\/Rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas
3	does probably as good a job as anyone
2	does probably
3	as good a job as anyone
3	good a job as anyone
2	good a job
2	a job
2	as anyone
2	at bringing off the Hopkins\/Rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas
2	bringing off the Hopkins\/Rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas
2	bringing off
2	the Hopkins\/Rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas
2	the Hopkins\/Rock collision
1	Hopkins\/Rock collision
2	of acting styles and onscreen personas
2	acting styles and onscreen personas
2	styles and onscreen personas
2	and onscreen personas
2	onscreen personas
3	A grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .
4	A grittily beautiful film that looks ,
3	A grittily beautiful film that looks
4	A grittily beautiful film
3	grittily beautiful film
3	grittily beautiful
2	that looks
2	sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .
3	sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story
2	sounds , and
2	sounds ,
3	feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story
2	feels more
3	like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story
3	an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story
3	an extended , open-ended poem
3	extended , open-ended poem
2	, open-ended poem
2	open-ended poem
2	than a traditionally structured story
2	a traditionally structured story
2	traditionally structured story
3	traditionally structured
3	The production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .
2	The production values
2	production values
3	are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .
3	are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable
4	are of the highest and the performances
3	of the highest and the performances
3	the highest and the performances
2	the highest and
2	the highest
2	the performances
2	attractive without being memorable
1	without being memorable
3	being memorable
4	A well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .
2	A well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone
2	A well-rounded tribute
3	well-rounded tribute
3	to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone
3	a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone
2	a man
4	whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone
3	whose achievements -- and complexities --
2	whose achievements
2	-- and complexities --
2	-- and complexities
2	-- and
2	reached far beyond the end zone
2	far beyond the end zone
3	beyond the end zone
2	the end zone
2	end zone
4	finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed
4	finely crafted , finely written ,
4	finely crafted , finely written
4	finely crafted ,
4	finely crafted
4	finely written
4	exquisitely performed
3	Ramsay and Morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .
2	Ramsay and Morton
2	Ramsay and
4	fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .
3	fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling
2	fill this character study
2	this character study
2	character study
4	with poetic force and buoyant feeling
3	poetic force and buoyant feeling
3	poetic force and
3	poetic force
4	buoyant feeling
3	This submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to Das Boot .
2	This submarine drama
2	submarine drama
3	earns the right to be favorably compared to Das Boot .
4	earns the right to be favorably compared to Das Boot
3	the right to be favorably compared to Das Boot
2	right to be favorably compared to Das Boot
3	to be favorably compared to Das Boot
2	be favorably compared to Das Boot
3	favorably compared to Das Boot
2	compared to Das Boot
2	to Das Boot
2	Das Boot
3	Claude Chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
2	Claude Chabrol 's camera
2	Claude Chabrol 's
2	Chabrol 's
3	has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
3	has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
3	a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
2	a way
3	of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
3	gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
3	swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
2	swaying back and forth
2	back and forth
2	back and
2	as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
2	it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
3	cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
2	cradles its characters ,
2	cradles its characters
2	its characters
3	veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
1	veiling tension
3	beneath otherwise tender movements
2	otherwise tender movements
3	tender movements
1	There 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .
2	's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .
0	's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments
1	a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments
3	a great deal
3	great deal
0	of corny dialogue and preposterous moments
0	corny dialogue and preposterous moments
1	dialogue and preposterous moments
2	and preposterous moments
1	preposterous moments
3	And yet , it still works .
3	yet , it still works .
3	, it still works .
3	it still works .
3	still works .
2	works .
4	The film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both Steve Buscemi and Rosario Dawson ...
2	The film
4	was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both Steve Buscemi and Rosario Dawson ...
4	was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both Steve Buscemi and Rosario Dawson
4	was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances
3	was immensely enjoyable
4	immensely enjoyable
4	thanks to great performances
4	to great performances
4	great performances
2	by both Steve Buscemi and Rosario Dawson
2	both Steve Buscemi and Rosario Dawson
2	Steve Buscemi and Rosario Dawson
2	Buscemi and Rosario Dawson
2	and Rosario Dawson
2	Rosario Dawson
3	Like many Western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about North Korea 's recent past and South Korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight .
1	Like many Western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about North Korea 's recent past and South Korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight
1	Like many Western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but
0	Like many Western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing ,
1	Like many Western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing
2	Like many Western action films
2	many Western action films
2	Western action films
2	action films
1	, this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing
1	this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing
2	this thriller
0	is too loud and thoroughly overbearing
2	too loud and thoroughly overbearing
1	too loud and
1	too loud
1	thoroughly overbearing
3	its heartfelt concern about North Korea 's recent past and South Korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight
3	its heartfelt concern about North Korea 's recent past and South Korea 's future
3	its heartfelt concern
3	heartfelt concern
2	about North Korea 's recent past and South Korea 's future
2	North Korea 's recent past and South Korea 's future
2	North Korea 's recent past and
2	North Korea 's recent past
2	North Korea 's
2	Korea 's
3	recent past
3	South Korea 's future
1	South Korea 's
2	Korea 's
3	adds a much needed moral weight
2	a much needed moral weight
2	much needed moral weight
3	much needed
2	moral weight
4	Special P.O.V. camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense IMAX screen .
2	Special P.O.V. camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles
2	Special P.O.V. camera mounts
2	P.O.V. camera mounts
2	camera mounts
2	on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles
2	bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles
2	, skateboards , and motorcycles
2	skateboards , and motorcycles
3	, and motorcycles
3	, and
4	provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense IMAX screen .
3	provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense IMAX screen
3	provide an intense experience
3	an intense experience
3	intense experience
2	when splashed across the immense IMAX screen
2	splashed across the immense IMAX screen
2	across the immense IMAX screen
2	the immense IMAX screen
3	immense IMAX screen
2	IMAX screen
4	Mike White 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` The Good Girl '' a film worth watching .
3	Mike White 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor
2	Mike White 's deft combination
2	Mike White 's
2	White 's
2	deft combination
3	of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor
3	serious subject matter and dark , funny humor
3	serious subject matter and
2	serious subject matter
2	subject matter
3	dark , funny humor
3	, funny humor
3	funny humor
4	make `` The Good Girl '' a film worth watching .
3	make `` The Good Girl '' a film worth watching
3	`` The Good Girl '' a film worth watching
3	The Good Girl '' a film worth watching
2	The Good Girl ''
2	The Good Girl
2	Good Girl
3	a film worth watching
2	a film worth
2	film worth
3	This is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
3	is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
3	is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood
3	a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood
3	a shrewd and effective film
3	shrewd and effective film
3	and effective film
4	effective film
3	from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood
4	a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood
2	a director
3	who understands how to create and sustain a mood
4	understands how to create and sustain a mood
2	how to create and sustain a mood
2	to create and sustain a mood
3	create and sustain a mood
3	create and sustain
2	create and
2	a mood
2	Meant to reduce Blake 's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator Todd McFarlane 's superhero dystopia .
2	Meant to reduce Blake 's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator Todd McFarlane 's superhero dystopia
2	to reduce Blake 's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator Todd McFarlane 's superhero dystopia
1	reduce Blake 's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator Todd McFarlane 's superhero dystopia
2	reduce Blake 's philosophy
2	Blake 's philosophy
2	Blake 's
3	into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator Todd McFarlane 's superhero dystopia
3	a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator Todd McFarlane 's superhero dystopia
2	a tragic coming-of-age saga
3	tragic coming-of-age saga
2	coming-of-age saga
2	punctuated by bursts of animator Todd McFarlane 's superhero dystopia
2	by bursts of animator Todd McFarlane 's superhero dystopia
2	bursts of animator Todd McFarlane 's superhero dystopia
2	of animator Todd McFarlane 's superhero dystopia
2	animator Todd McFarlane 's superhero dystopia
2	animator Todd McFarlane 's
2	Todd McFarlane 's
2	McFarlane 's
2	superhero dystopia
3	Assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of Jacques Chardonne 's novel .
4	Assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of Jacques Chardonne
4	Assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation
2	Assayas '
3	ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation
3	, sometimes beautiful adaptation
3	sometimes beautiful adaptation
3	sometimes beautiful
2	of Jacques Chardonne
2	Jacques Chardonne
2	's novel .
2	's novel
3	As ex-Marine Walter , who may or may not have shot Kennedy , actor Raymond J. Barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
2	As ex-Marine Walter , who may or may not have shot Kennedy
2	ex-Marine Walter , who may or may not have shot Kennedy
2	ex-Marine Walter ,
2	ex-Marine Walter
2	who may or may not have shot Kennedy
2	may or may not have shot Kennedy
2	may or may not
2	may or may
2	may or
2	have shot Kennedy
2	shot Kennedy
4	, actor Raymond J. Barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
4	actor Raymond J. Barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
2	actor Raymond J. Barry
2	Raymond J. Barry
2	J. Barry
3	is perfectly creepy and believable .
3	is perfectly creepy and believable
3	perfectly creepy and believable
3	creepy and believable
2	creepy and
3	Those who do n't entirely ` get ' Godard 's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .
2	Those who do n't entirely ` get ' Godard 's distinctive discourse
2	who do n't entirely ` get ' Godard 's distinctive discourse
1	do n't entirely ` get ' Godard 's distinctive discourse
2	do n't entirely ` get '
2	do n't entirely
2	do n't
2	` get '
2	get '
2	Godard 's distinctive discourse
2	Godard 's
1	distinctive discourse
3	will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .
3	will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy
2	will still
3	come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy
2	come away
3	with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy
2	a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy
2	a sense
3	of his reserved but existential poignancy
3	his reserved but existential poignancy
2	reserved but existential poignancy
3	reserved but existential
2	reserved but
4	Pete 's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .
2	Pete 's screenplay
2	Pete 's
4	manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .
3	manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish
4	to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish
3	find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish
3	find that real natural , even-flowing tone
3	that real natural , even-flowing tone
3	real natural , even-flowing tone
3	natural , even-flowing tone
3	, even-flowing tone
3	even-flowing tone
4	that few movies are able to accomplish
3	few movies are able to accomplish
2	few movies
3	are able to accomplish
2	able to accomplish
3	to accomplish
4	Like Brosnan 's performance , Evelyn comes from the heart .
3	Like Brosnan 's performance
2	Brosnan 's performance
2	Brosnan 's
3	, Evelyn comes from the heart .
3	Evelyn comes from the heart .
3	comes from the heart .
3	comes from the heart
2	from the heart
2	the heart
3	It uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film .
3	uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film .
2	uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film
2	uses some of the figures
2	some of the figures
2	of the figures
2	the figures
3	from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film
2	the real-life story to portray themselves in the film
2	real-life story to portray themselves in the film
2	story to portray themselves in the film
2	to portray themselves in the film
2	portray themselves in the film
3	portray themselves
2	in the film
2	the film
4	The result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
2	The result
3	is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
4	is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking
4	a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking
4	a powerful , naturally dramatic piece
4	powerful , naturally dramatic piece
3	powerful , naturally dramatic
3	, naturally dramatic
3	naturally dramatic
1	of low-budget filmmaking
1	low-budget filmmaking
3	Its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .
1	Its spirit of iconoclastic abandon
2	Its spirit
2	of iconoclastic abandon
2	iconoclastic abandon
3	-- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .
1	-- however canned --
1	however canned --
2	however canned
3	makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .
3	makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing
1	for unexpectedly giddy viewing
3	unexpectedly giddy viewing
3	giddy viewing
4	The early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us .
3	The early and middle passages
2	early and middle passages
2	and middle passages
2	middle passages
3	are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us .
2	are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us
4	surprising in how much they engage and even touch us
3	in how much they engage and even touch us
3	how much they engage and even touch us
2	how much
3	they engage and even touch us
3	engage and even touch us
2	engage and
3	even touch us
2	touch us
1	This is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .
1	is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .
1	is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one
1	is not
2	a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one
2	a classical dramatic animated feature , nor
3	a classical dramatic animated feature ,
3	a classical dramatic animated feature
3	classical dramatic animated feature
3	dramatic animated feature
2	animated feature
2	a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one
3	hip , contemporary , in-jokey one
2	, contemporary , in-jokey one
2	contemporary , in-jokey one
2	, in-jokey one
2	in-jokey one
3	It 's sort of in-between , and it works .
2	It 's sort of in-between , and it works
2	It 's sort of in-between , and
2	It 's sort of in-between ,
3	It 's sort of in-between
2	's sort of in-between
2	sort of in-between
2	of in-between
3	it works
4	This quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .
3	This quiet , introspective and entertaining independent
4	quiet , introspective and entertaining independent
3	quiet , introspective and entertaining
3	, introspective and entertaining
3	introspective and entertaining
3	introspective and
3	is worth seeking .
4	is worth seeking
2	is worth
2	Whether our action-and-popcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama is n't much of a mystery , unfortunately .
3	Whether our action-and-popcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama
3	our action-and-popcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama
2	our action-and-popcorn obsessed culture
2	action-and-popcorn obsessed culture
2	obsessed culture
3	will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama
3	embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama
3	this engaging and literate psychodrama
3	engaging and literate psychodrama
3	engaging and literate
3	engaging and
1	is n't much of a mystery , unfortunately .
2	is n't much of a mystery , unfortunately
1	is n't much of a mystery ,
2	is n't much of a mystery
1	is n't
2	much of a mystery
3	of a mystery
2	a mystery
3	Whether or not Ram Dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , Fierce Grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
2	Whether or not Ram Dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness
2	or not Ram Dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness
2	or not Ram Dass
2	or not
2	Ram Dass
2	proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness
3	proves as clear and reliable an authority on that
3	as clear and reliable an authority on that
2	clear and reliable an authority on that
3	clear and reliable an authority
3	clear and reliable
2	clear and
2	an authority
2	on that
3	as he was about inner consciousness
2	he was about inner consciousness
2	was about inner consciousness
2	about inner consciousness
2	inner consciousness
3	, Fierce Grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
2	Fierce Grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
3	Fierce Grace
3	reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
3	reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one
3	reassures us
3	that he will once again be an honest and loving one
3	he will once again be an honest and loving one
3	will once again be an honest and loving one
2	will once again
2	once again
3	be an honest and loving one
3	an honest and loving one
4	honest and loving one
3	honest and loving
3	honest and
3	Sly , sophisticated and surprising .
3	Sly , sophisticated and surprising
2	Sly ,
3	sophisticated and surprising
3	sophisticated and
3	Spare but quietly effective retelling .
2	Spare but quietly effective retelling
3	but quietly effective retelling
3	but quietly effective
2	but quietly
3	Demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .
3	Demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces
4	Demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style
4	a vivid imagination and an impressive style
3	a vivid imagination and
3	a vivid imagination
4	vivid imagination
4	an impressive style
3	impressive style
2	that result in some terrific setpieces
2	that result
3	in some terrific setpieces
3	some terrific setpieces
4	terrific setpieces
3	By its modest , straight-ahead standards , Undisputed scores a direct hit .
2	By its modest , straight-ahead standards
2	its modest , straight-ahead standards
3	modest , straight-ahead standards
2	, straight-ahead standards
2	straight-ahead standards
3	, Undisputed scores a direct hit .
3	Undisputed scores a direct hit .
4	scores a direct hit .
3	scores a direct hit
3	a direct hit
3	direct hit
3	Its story about a young Chinese woman , Ah Na , who has come to New York City to replace past tragedy with the American Dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .
3	Its story about a young Chinese woman , Ah Na , who has come to New York City to replace past tragedy with the American Dream
3	Its story
2	about a young Chinese woman , Ah Na , who has come to New York City to replace past tragedy with the American Dream
2	a young Chinese woman , Ah Na , who has come to New York City to replace past tragedy with the American Dream
2	a young Chinese woman , Ah Na ,
2	a young Chinese woman , Ah Na
2	a young Chinese woman ,
2	a young Chinese woman
2	young Chinese woman
2	Chinese woman
2	Ah Na
3	who has come to New York City to replace past tragedy with the American Dream
3	has come to New York City to replace past tragedy with the American Dream
2	come to New York City to replace past tragedy with the American Dream
2	come to New York City
2	to New York City
2	New York City
2	York City
2	to replace past tragedy with the American Dream
2	replace past tragedy with the American Dream
2	replace past tragedy
2	past tragedy
3	with the American Dream
2	the American Dream
2	American Dream
3	is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .
3	is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling
2	is one
4	that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling
3	any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling
3	any art-house moviegoer
2	art-house moviegoer
3	is likely to find compelling
3	likely to find compelling
2	to find compelling
3	find compelling
3	For those who like quirky , slightly strange French films , this is a must !
3	For those who like quirky , slightly strange French films
3	those who like quirky , slightly strange French films
2	who like quirky , slightly strange French films
3	like quirky , slightly strange French films
3	quirky , slightly strange French films
2	, slightly strange French films
2	slightly strange French films
2	slightly strange
2	French films
4	, this is a must !
4	this is a must !
3	is a must !
4	is a must
3	a must
3	There are so few films about the plight of American Indians in modern America that Skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .
3	are so few films about the plight of American Indians in modern America that Skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .
3	are so few films about the plight of American Indians in modern America that Skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front
2	are so few films about the plight of American Indians in modern America
2	are so
2	few films about the plight of American Indians in modern America
2	few films
3	about the plight of American Indians in modern America
2	the plight of American Indians in modern America
1	the plight
2	of American Indians in modern America
2	American Indians in modern America
2	American Indians
2	in modern America
2	modern America
3	that Skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front
2	Skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front
2	comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front
2	as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front
3	a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front
3	a welcome , if downbeat , missive
3	welcome , if downbeat , missive
2	welcome , if downbeat ,
2	, if downbeat ,
1	if downbeat ,
2	downbeat ,
2	from a forgotten front
2	a forgotten front
2	forgotten front
3	-LRB- Shyamalan -RRB- continues to cut a swathe through mainstream Hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
2	-LRB- Shyamalan -RRB-
2	Shyamalan -RRB-
4	continues to cut a swathe through mainstream Hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
3	continues to cut a swathe through mainstream Hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision
2	continues to cut a swathe through mainstream Hollywood ,
2	continues to cut a swathe through mainstream Hollywood
3	to cut a swathe through mainstream Hollywood
2	cut a swathe through mainstream Hollywood
2	cut a swathe
2	a swathe
2	through mainstream Hollywood
3	mainstream Hollywood
3	while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision
3	retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision
2	retaining an integrity and
3	retaining an integrity
3	an integrity
2	refusing to compromise his vision
2	to compromise his vision
2	compromise his vision
2	his vision
4	A whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking Christian-themed fun .
4	A whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking Christian-themed fun
4	A whale of a good time for both children and parents
2	A whale
4	of a good time for both children and parents
4	a good time for both children and parents
3	a good time
3	good time
3	for both children and parents
2	both children and parents
2	children and parents
2	children and
3	seeking Christian-themed fun
3	Christian-themed fun
2	What begins as a film in the tradition of The Graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant .
2	begins as a film in the tradition of The Graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant .
2	begins as a film in the tradition of The Graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant
1	as a film in the tradition of The Graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant
1	a film in the tradition of The Graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant
2	a film in the tradition of The Graduate
2	a film
2	in the tradition of The Graduate
2	the tradition of The Graduate
2	the tradition
2	of The Graduate
2	The Graduate
1	quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant
2	switches into something more recyclable than significant
1	into something more recyclable than significant
1	something more recyclable than significant
1	more recyclable than significant
1	more recyclable than
1	more recyclable
3	Much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .
3	smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .
2	smarter and more
2	smarter and
2	attentive than it first sets out to be .
2	attentive than it first sets out to be
2	than it first sets out to be
2	it first sets out to be
2	first sets out to be
2	sets out to be
3	sets out
2	to be
3	The story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .
2	The story
3	is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .
3	is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution
4	is smart and entirely charming
4	smart and entirely charming
3	smart and
4	entirely charming
2	in intent and execution
2	intent and execution
2	intent and
4	A movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .
3	A movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling
4	A movie of technical skill and rare depth
2	A movie
4	of technical skill and rare depth
4	technical skill and rare depth
2	technical skill and
2	technical skill
3	rare depth
2	of intellect and feeling
3	intellect and feeling
3	intellect and
3	Represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging Indian American cinema .
3	Represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging Indian American cinema
2	Represents a worthy departure
2	a worthy departure
2	worthy departure
2	from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging Indian American cinema
2	the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging Indian American cinema
4	the culture clash comedies
2	culture clash comedies
2	clash comedies
2	that have marked an emerging Indian American cinema
3	have marked an emerging Indian American cinema
3	marked an emerging Indian American cinema
2	an emerging Indian American cinema
2	emerging Indian American cinema
2	Indian American cinema
2	American cinema
1	Does n't do more than expand a TV show to movie length .
1	Does n't do more than expand a TV show to movie length
2	Does n't
2	do more than expand a TV show to movie length
2	more than expand a TV show to movie length
2	than expand a TV show to movie length
2	expand a TV show to movie length
3	expand a TV show
2	a TV show
2	TV show
2	to movie length
2	movie length
3	However , it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .
3	, it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .
3	it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .
3	it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome
3	it 's pleasant enough and
3	it 's pleasant enough
3	's pleasant enough
3	pleasant enough
3	its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome
2	its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments
2	ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments
2	, pro-wildlife sentiments
2	pro-wildlife sentiments
3	are certainly welcome
3	are certainly
3	If you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , ENOUGH is just the ticket you need .
2	If you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger
3	you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger
3	're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger
2	looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger
3	for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger
3	an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger
4	an intelligent movie
3	intelligent movie
2	in which you can release your pent up anger
2	in which
3	you can release your pent up anger
2	can release your pent up anger
2	release your pent up anger
2	release your pent
2	your pent
2	up anger
2	, ENOUGH is just the ticket you need .
3	ENOUGH is just the ticket you need .
3	is just the ticket you need .
2	is just the ticket you need
2	is just
3	the ticket you need
2	the ticket
2	you need
3	A pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .
3	A pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional
3	A pointed , often tender , examination
3	pointed , often tender , examination
3	pointed , often tender ,
2	, often tender ,
2	often tender ,
3	tender ,
2	of the pros and cons of unconditional
2	the pros and cons of unconditional
2	the pros and cons
2	pros and cons
2	pros and
2	of unconditional
2	love and familial duties .
2	love and familial duties
3	love and familial
3	love and
2	As well-acted and well-intentioned as All or Nothing is , however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
4	As well-acted and well-intentioned
4	well-acted and well-intentioned
3	well-acted and
1	as All or Nothing is , however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
2	as All or Nothing is
2	All or Nothing is
2	All or Nothing
2	All or
1	, however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
1	however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
2	, the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
1	the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
2	the film
1	comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
1	comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good
0	perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good
1	close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good
1	to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good
0	being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good
1	being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching
0	too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching
1	too bleak , too pessimistic and
0	too bleak , too pessimistic
2	too bleak ,
1	too bleak
1	too pessimistic
1	too unflinching
2	for its own good
3	its own good
2	own good
4	A comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
3	A comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions
2	A comedy-drama
3	of nearly epic proportions
2	nearly epic proportions
4	nearly epic
4	rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
3	rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis
3	rooted in a sincere performance
4	in a sincere performance
4	a sincere performance
4	sincere performance
2	by the title character undergoing midlife crisis
2	the title character undergoing midlife crisis
2	the title character
2	title character
2	undergoing midlife crisis
1	midlife crisis
3	It 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and I think that 's what I liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
3	It 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and I think that 's what I liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline
3	It 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and
2	It 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage
1	's about issues most adults have to face in marriage
3	about issues most adults have to face in marriage
2	issues most adults have to face in marriage
2	most adults have to face in marriage
2	most adults
2	have to face in marriage
2	to face in marriage
2	face in marriage
3	in marriage
2	I think that 's what I liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline
3	think that 's what I liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline
3	that 's what I liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline
3	that 's what I liked about it
2	's what I liked about it
3	what I liked about it
3	I liked about it
2	liked about it
2	about it
1	-- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline
1	the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline
3	the real issues
2	real issues
2	tucked between the silly and crude storyline
2	between the silly and crude storyline
1	the silly and crude storyline
1	silly and crude storyline
0	and crude storyline
1	crude storyline
4	Elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
3	Elegantly produced and expressively performed
3	Elegantly produced and
4	Elegantly produced
3	expressively performed
3	, the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
3	the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
2	the six musical numbers
2	six musical numbers
3	musical numbers
4	crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
3	crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy
3	crystallize key plot moments
2	key plot moments
2	plot moments
4	into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy
4	minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy
3	minutely detailed wonders
2	detailed wonders
3	of dreamlike ecstasy
4	dreamlike ecstasy
4	Enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .
3	Enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast
3	by a strong and unforced supporting cast
3	a strong and unforced supporting cast
3	strong and unforced supporting cast
4	strong and unforced
3	strong and
2	supporting cast
3	Writer \/ director M. Night Shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .
3	Writer \/ director M. Night Shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity
2	Writer \/ director M. Night Shyamalan 's
2	\/ director M. Night Shyamalan 's
2	director M. Night Shyamalan 's
2	M. Night Shyamalan 's
2	Night Shyamalan 's
2	Shyamalan 's
4	ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity
3	to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity
3	pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity
2	pull together
3	easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity
3	easily accessible stories
2	easily accessible
3	that resonate with profundity
2	resonate with profundity
2	with profundity
2	is undeniable .
2	is undeniable
2	If you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you 'll see Del Toro has brought unexpected gravity to Blade II .
2	If you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore
2	you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore
1	can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore
2	keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore
2	keep your eyes open amid all the blood and
2	keep your eyes open amid all the blood
3	keep your eyes open
2	keep your eyes
2	your eyes
2	amid all the blood
2	all the blood
2	the blood
3	, you 'll see Del Toro has brought unexpected gravity to Blade II .
2	you 'll see Del Toro has brought unexpected gravity to Blade II .
2	'll see Del Toro has brought unexpected gravity to Blade II .
3	'll see Del Toro has brought unexpected gravity to Blade II
3	see Del Toro has brought unexpected gravity to Blade II
3	Del Toro has brought unexpected gravity to Blade II
2	Del Toro
3	has brought unexpected gravity to Blade II
3	brought unexpected gravity to Blade II
3	brought unexpected gravity
2	unexpected gravity
2	to Blade II
2	Blade II
1	Not a strike against Yang 's similarly themed Yi Yi , but I found What Time ?
2	Not a strike against Yang 's similarly themed Yi Yi
3	Not a strike
2	a strike
2	against Yang 's similarly themed Yi Yi
2	Yang 's similarly themed Yi Yi
2	Yang 's
2	similarly themed Yi Yi
3	similarly themed
2	Yi Yi
2	, but I found What Time ?
2	, but I found What Time
2	, but
2	I found What Time
2	found What Time
2	What Time
2	to be more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less detached .
2	to be more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less
2	be more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less
3	more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less
3	engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less
3	on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less
3	on an emotional level , funnier , and
3	on an emotional level , funnier ,
3	an emotional level , funnier ,
3	an emotional level , funnier
2	an emotional level ,
2	an emotional level
2	emotional level
1	on the whole less
2	the whole less
2	the whole
1	detached .
4	A breathtaking adventure for all ages , Spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .
4	A breathtaking adventure for all ages , Spirit
4	A breathtaking adventure
4	breathtaking adventure
2	for all ages , Spirit
2	all ages , Spirit
2	all ages ,
2	all ages
3	tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .
3	tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images
3	its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images
4	its poignant and uplifting story
4	poignant and uplifting story
3	poignant and uplifting
3	poignant and
3	in a stunning fusion of music and images
4	a stunning fusion of music and images
2	a stunning fusion
3	stunning fusion
2	of music and images
2	music and images
2	music and
2	A charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother\/daughter relationship .
4	A charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother\/daughter relationship
4	A charming and funny story
3	charming and funny story
3	and funny story
3	funny story
2	of clashing cultures and a clashing mother\/daughter relationship
2	clashing cultures and a clashing mother\/daughter relationship
1	clashing cultures and
2	clashing cultures
1	a clashing mother\/daughter relationship
2	clashing mother\/daughter relationship
2	mother\/daughter relationship
3	Never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .
4	lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .
3	lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving
3	go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving
2	go your emotions ,
2	go your emotions
2	your emotions
4	taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving
3	taking them
4	to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving
4	surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving
3	surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ...
3	surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches
3	surprising highs , sorrowful lows and
2	surprising highs , sorrowful lows
3	surprising highs ,
3	surprising highs
1	sorrowful lows
2	hidden impulsive niches
2	impulsive niches
4	gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving
4	gorgeous , passionate
3	, passionate
4	, and at times uncommonly moving
3	, and
3	at times uncommonly moving
3	times uncommonly moving
3	uncommonly moving
0	`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .
1	`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time
1	... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time
1	something appears to have been lost in the translation this time
2	something appears
1	to have been lost in the translation this time
1	have been lost in the translation this time
1	been lost in the translation this time
1	lost in the translation this time
1	lost in the translation
2	in the translation
2	the translation
2	this time
1	The Importance of Being Earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''
2	The Importance of Being Earnest movie
2	The Importance
2	of Being Earnest movie
2	Being Earnest movie
3	Earnest movie
1	seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''
1	seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play .
2	seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play
2	to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play
1	be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play
1	missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play
2	a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play
3	a great deal
3	great deal
2	of the acerbic repartee of the play
2	the acerbic repartee of the play
2	the acerbic repartee
2	acerbic repartee
2	of the play
2	the play
4	-LRB- Washington 's -RRB- strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .
3	-LRB- Washington 's -RRB- strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste
2	-LRB- Washington 's -RRB- strong hand ,
3	-LRB- Washington 's -RRB- strong hand
2	-LRB- Washington 's -RRB-
2	Washington 's -RRB-
2	Washington 's
2	strong hand
3	keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste
3	keen eye , sweet spirit and
3	keen eye , sweet spirit
3	keen eye ,
2	keen eye
3	sweet spirit
3	good taste
3	are reflected in almost every scene .
3	are reflected in almost every scene
3	reflected in almost every scene
2	in almost every scene
2	almost every scene
2	every scene
3	Shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material
2	can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material
2	can certainly go the distance , but
3	can certainly go the distance ,
2	can certainly go the distance
2	can certainly
3	go the distance
3	the distance
1	is n't world championship material
1	is n't
2	world championship material
3	championship material
1	The film 's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature\/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .
1	The film 's desire to be liked sometimes
2	The film 's
2	film 's
2	desire to be liked sometimes
2	to be liked sometimes
3	be liked sometimes
3	liked sometimes
2	undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature\/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .
1	undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature\/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality
1	undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature\/nurture argument in regards
2	the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature\/nurture argument in regards
2	the possibility
2	for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature\/nurture argument in regards
2	an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature\/nurture argument in regards
2	an exploration
2	of the thornier aspects of the nature\/nurture argument in regards
2	the thornier aspects of the nature\/nurture argument in regards
1	the thornier aspects
2	thornier aspects
2	of the nature\/nurture argument in regards
2	the nature\/nurture argument in regards
2	the nature\/nurture argument
2	nature\/nurture argument
2	in regards
2	to homosexuality
3	... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job ...
3	... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job
3	a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job
3	a quietly introspective portrait
2	quietly introspective portrait
3	introspective portrait
1	of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job
2	the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job
2	the self-esteem of employment and
2	the self-esteem of employment
2	the self-esteem
2	of employment
2	the shame of losing a job
2	the shame
2	of losing a job
2	losing a job
2	a job
3	Affable if not timeless , Like Mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
3	Affable if not timeless
2	Affable if not
2	if not
4	, Like Mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
3	Like Mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
2	Like Mike
3	raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
4	raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids
3	raises some worthwhile themes
3	some worthwhile themes
3	worthwhile themes
2	while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids
3	delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids
4	a wholesome fantasy for kids
3	a wholesome fantasy
3	wholesome fantasy
2	for kids
3	A film of delicate interpersonal dances .
2	A film of delicate interpersonal
2	A film
2	of delicate interpersonal
2	delicate interpersonal
2	dances .
3	Caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .
2	makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .
3	makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose
3	us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose
2	watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose
2	as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose
2	his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose
1	his character awakens to the notion that to be human
2	his character awakens
2	character awakens
2	to the notion that to be human
2	the notion that to be human
2	the notion
2	that to be human
2	to be human
2	be human
2	is eventually to have to choose
2	is eventually
2	to have to choose
2	have to choose
2	to choose
2	It 's a sight to behold .
3	's a sight to behold .
3	's a sight to behold
4	a sight to behold
2	sight to behold
2	to behold
2	It 's an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes .
4	's an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes .
3	's an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes
4	an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes
3	an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama
3	unusual , thoughtful bio-drama
3	unusual , thoughtful
2	, thoughtful
4	with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes
3	a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes
3	a rich subject and
3	a rich subject
3	rich subject
4	some fantastic moments and scenes
4	fantastic moments and scenes
2	moments and scenes
2	moments and
2	Saved from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion .
3	Saved from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion
3	from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion
2	being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion
3	merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion
3	way-cool by a basic , credible compassion
3	by a basic , credible compassion
3	a basic , credible compassion
2	basic , credible compassion
3	, credible compassion
3	credible compassion
4	The increasingly diverse French director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
3	The increasingly diverse French director
4	increasingly diverse French director
1	increasingly diverse
2	French director
3	has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
3	has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
3	created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
2	created a film
2	a film
3	that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
3	one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
4	can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
2	can honestly
3	describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
3	as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
3	looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
2	looking , sounding and
2	looking , sounding
2	looking ,
3	simply feeling like no other film in recent history
4	feeling like no other film in recent history
3	like no other film in recent history
2	no other film in recent history
2	no other film
2	other film
2	in recent history
2	recent history
2	Gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
2	, despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
3	despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
3	despite the gravity of its subject matter
2	the gravity of its subject matter
2	the gravity
2	of its subject matter
2	its subject matter
2	subject matter
3	, is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
3	is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
4	is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western
4	is often as fun
2	is often
3	as fun
3	to watch as a good spaghetti western
3	watch as a good spaghetti western
2	as a good spaghetti western
3	a good spaghetti western
3	good spaghetti western
1	spaghetti western
3	Peter Jackson has done the nearly impossible .
2	Peter Jackson
3	has done the nearly impossible .
3	has done the nearly impossible
3	done the nearly impossible
2	the nearly impossible
2	the nearly
3	He has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .
4	has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .
3	has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper
3	improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper
3	improved upon the first and
3	improved upon the first
2	upon the first
2	the first
3	taken it a step further , richer and deeper
3	it a step further , richer and deeper
4	a step further , richer and deeper
3	a step further , richer and
3	a step further , richer
3	a step further ,
2	a step further
2	a step
1	What Jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
1	Jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
1	has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
2	done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
1	is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
1	proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
1	that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
1	no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
2	no amount of imagination , no creature ,
1	no amount of imagination , no creature
1	no amount of imagination ,
1	no amount of imagination
2	no amount
2	of imagination
2	no creature
2	no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
2	no fantasy story and
3	no fantasy story
2	fantasy story
2	no incredibly outlandish scenery
2	incredibly outlandish scenery
2	incredibly outlandish
2	There has to be a few advantages to never growing old .
3	has to be a few advantages to never growing old .
3	has to be a few advantages to never growing old
2	to be a few advantages to never growing old
2	be a few advantages to never growing old
3	a few advantages to never growing old
3	a few advantages
2	few advantages
2	to never growing old
3	never growing old
1	growing old
1	Like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .
1	Like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100
1	being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100
2	able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100
2	to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100
1	hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100
1	hit on a 15-year old
2	on a 15-year old
2	a 15-year old
2	15-year old
2	when you 're over 100
2	you 're over 100
2	're over 100
2	over 100
3	Ice Age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and I 'm giving it a strong thumbs up .
4	Ice Age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and I 'm giving it a strong thumbs up
3	Ice Age wo n't drop your jaw , but
1	Ice Age wo n't drop your jaw ,
1	Ice Age wo n't drop your jaw
2	Ice Age
2	wo n't drop your jaw
2	wo n't
3	drop your jaw
2	your jaw
4	it will warm your heart , and I 'm giving it a strong thumbs up
4	it will warm your heart , and
4	it will warm your heart ,
4	it will warm your heart
3	will warm your heart
3	warm your heart
2	your heart
4	I 'm giving it a strong thumbs up
4	'm giving it a strong thumbs up
4	giving it a strong thumbs up
2	giving it
4	a strong thumbs up
3	a strong thumbs
2	strong thumbs
3	Like Kissing Jessica Stein , Amy 's Orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
2	Like Kissing Jessica Stein
2	Kissing Jessica Stein
2	Jessica Stein
3	, Amy 's Orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
4	Amy 's Orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
2	Amy 's Orgasm
2	Amy 's
3	has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
3	has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor
3	a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor
3	a key strength
3	key strength
3	in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor
4	its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor
3	willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor
3	to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor
3	explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor
2	explore its principal characters
2	its principal characters
2	principal characters
3	with honesty , insight and humor
3	honesty , insight and humor
3	, insight and humor
4	insight and humor
2	insight and
2	The Lady and the Duke is Eric Rohmer 's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama
2	The Lady and the Duke
2	The Lady and
2	The Lady
2	the Duke
2	is Eric Rohmer 's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama
3	Eric Rohmer 's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama
2	Eric Rohmer 's economical antidote
2	Eric Rohmer 's
2	Rohmer 's
2	economical antidote
1	to the bloated costume drama
1	the bloated costume drama
2	bloated costume drama
2	costume drama
4	One of the year 's best films , featuring an Oscar-worthy performance by Julianne Moore .
4	One of the year 's best films
3	of the year 's best films
4	the year 's best films
2	the year 's
2	year 's
4	best films
3	, featuring an Oscar-worthy performance by Julianne Moore .
4	featuring an Oscar-worthy performance by Julianne Moore .
2	featuring an Oscar-worthy performance by Julianne Moore
4	featuring an Oscar-worthy performance
4	an Oscar-worthy performance
4	Oscar-worthy performance
2	by Julianne Moore
2	Julianne Moore
4	A small gem from Belgium .
3	A small gem from Belgium
2	A small gem
3	small gem
2	from Belgium
3	Combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .
2	Combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration
3	a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration
2	a comically dismal social realism
1	comically dismal social realism
2	dismal social realism
2	social realism
2	with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration
2	a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration
2	a farcically bawdy fantasy
3	farcically bawdy fantasy
1	farcically bawdy
2	of redemption and regeneration
2	redemption and regeneration
2	redemption and
1	A soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes ... almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of B-movie imagination .
2	A soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes
2	A soap-opera quality twist
3	soap-opera quality twist
3	quality twist
2	in the last 20 minutes
2	the last 20 minutes
2	last 20 minutes
2	20 minutes
2	... almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of B-movie imagination .
2	almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of B-movie imagination .
1	puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of B-movie imagination .
2	puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of B-movie imagination
2	the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of B-movie imagination
2	the kibosh
2	on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of B-movie imagination
4	what is otherwise a sumptuous work of B-movie imagination
3	is otherwise a sumptuous work of B-movie imagination
2	is otherwise
2	a sumptuous work of B-movie imagination
3	a sumptuous work
4	sumptuous work
2	of B-movie imagination
1	B-movie imagination
4	The most ingenious film comedy since Being John Malkovich .
4	The most ingenious film comedy since Being John Malkovich
4	The most ingenious film
4	most ingenious film
4	most ingenious
3	comedy since Being John Malkovich
2	since Being John Malkovich
2	Being John Malkovich
2	John Malkovich
3	There 's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
3	's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
3	's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers
3	something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers
3	to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers
3	be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers
2	said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers
2	for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers
2	a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers
2	a studio-produced film
2	studio-produced film
2	that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers
2	never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers
2	bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers
2	to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers
1	hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers
2	hand viewers
2	a suitcase full of easy answers
2	a suitcase
2	full of easy answers
2	of easy answers
2	easy answers
1	A movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .
1	A movie where story is almost an afterthought
2	A movie
1	where story is almost an afterthought
1	story is almost an afterthought
1	is almost an afterthought
1	is almost
2	an afterthought
2	amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .
2	amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events
2	a swirl of colors and inexplicable events
2	a swirl
2	of colors and inexplicable events
2	colors and inexplicable events
2	colors and
2	inexplicable events
3	Manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .
3	Manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it
3	Manages to accomplish what few sequels can --
3	Manages to accomplish what few sequels can
3	to accomplish what few sequels can
4	accomplish what few sequels can
2	what few sequels can
2	few sequels can
1	few sequels
3	it equals the original and in some ways even betters it
3	equals the original and in some ways even betters it
2	equals the original and
3	equals the original
3	the original
2	in some ways even betters it
2	in some ways
2	some ways
3	even betters it
3	betters it
4	To call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .
3	To call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
3	To call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and
4	To call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement ,
4	To call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement
2	To call this one
2	call this one
2	this one
3	an eventual cult classic would be an understatement
3	an eventual cult classic
3	eventual cult classic
4	cult classic
2	would be an understatement
2	be an understatement
2	an understatement
2	woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
2	is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
3	the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
3	the horror fan
2	horror fan
3	who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
3	opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
2	to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
2	overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
3	this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
3	goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
3	goofily endearing and well-lensed
3	endearing and well-lensed
3	endearing and
3	Jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
3	gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
3	gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging
3	gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters ,
3	gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters
2	gives it
3	that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters
3	that extra little something
3	extra little something
2	little something
4	that makes it worth checking out at theaters
3	makes it worth checking out at theaters
3	it worth checking out at theaters
3	worth checking out at theaters
2	checking out at theaters
2	checking out
3	at theaters
2	especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging
3	if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging
2	you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging
2	're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging
2	're in the mood for something
2	in the mood for something
2	the mood for something
2	the mood
2	for something
2	more comfortable than challenging
2	comfortable than challenging
2	than challenging
2	Although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five Filipino-Americans and their frantic efforts to find love .
2	Although melodramatic and predictable
1	melodramatic and predictable
1	melodramatic and
2	, this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five Filipino-Americans and their frantic efforts to find love .
3	this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five Filipino-Americans and their frantic efforts to find love .
3	this romantic comedy
2	romantic comedy
3	explores the friendship between five Filipino-Americans and their frantic efforts to find love .
2	explores the friendship between five Filipino-Americans and their frantic efforts to find love
2	the friendship between five Filipino-Americans and their frantic efforts to find love
2	the friendship between five Filipino-Americans and their frantic efforts
3	the friendship
2	between five Filipino-Americans and their frantic efforts
2	five Filipino-Americans and their frantic efforts
2	five Filipino-Americans and
2	five Filipino-Americans
2	their frantic efforts
1	frantic efforts
2	to find love
3	find love
3	I have a new favorite musical -- and I 'm not even a fan of the genre
4	I have a new favorite musical --
4	I have a new favorite musical
3	have a new favorite musical
3	a new favorite musical
3	new favorite musical
4	favorite musical
2	and I 'm not even a fan of the genre
1	I 'm not even a fan of the genre
2	'm not even a fan of the genre
2	'm not even
3	'm not
3	a fan of the genre
3	a fan
2	of the genre
2	the genre
3	It 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .
4	's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .
4	's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year
2	unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year
2	we 'll see a better thriller this year
1	'll see a better thriller this year
1	see a better thriller this year
0	see a better thriller
3	a better thriller
3	better thriller
2	this year
4	There is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .
4	There is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care
3	There is a real subject here , and
2	There is a real subject here ,
3	There is a real subject here
2	is a real subject here
2	is a real subject
2	a real subject
2	real subject
3	it is handled with intelligence and care
4	is handled with intelligence and care
3	handled with intelligence and care
3	with intelligence and care
2	intelligence and care
3	intelligence and
4	Jason Patric and Ray Liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .
2	Jason Patric and Ray Liotta
2	Patric and Ray Liotta
2	and Ray Liotta
3	Ray Liotta
3	make for one splendidly cast pair .
3	make for one splendidly cast pair
4	for one splendidly cast pair
4	one splendidly cast pair
3	splendidly cast pair
2	cast pair
2	Noyce creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism .
4	creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism .
4	creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism
4	creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty
3	a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty
2	a film
4	of near-hypnotic physical beauty
3	near-hypnotic physical beauty
3	physical beauty
2	even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism
2	as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism
2	he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism
2	tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism
3	tells a story
2	a story
2	as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism
2	horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism
1	as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism
2	any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism
2	in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism
2	the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism
2	the heart-breakingly extensive annals
1	heart-breakingly extensive annals
2	extensive annals
2	of white-on-black racism
1	white-on-black racism
3	Starts slowly , but Adrien Brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying .
3	Starts slowly , but Adrien Brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying
2	Starts slowly , but
2	Starts slowly ,
2	Starts slowly
4	Adrien Brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying
2	Adrien Brody
4	-- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying
3	-- in the title role --
2	in the title role --
2	in the title role
2	the title role
2	title role
4	helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying
4	make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying
4	the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying
2	the film 's conclusion
2	the film 's
2	film 's
3	powerful and satisfying
3	powerful and
3	Very predictable but still entertaining
1	Very predictable
3	but still entertaining
2	still entertaining
4	Nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .
4	Nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one
2	Nothing short
3	of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one
4	a masterpiece -- and a challenging one
4	a masterpiece -- and
4	a masterpiece --
4	a masterpiece
2	a challenging one
2	challenging one
3	Pratfalls aside , Barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
2	Pratfalls aside
3	, Barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
3	Barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
3	gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
3	gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other
3	gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people
3	gets its greatest play
3	its greatest play
4	greatest play
2	from the timeless spectacle of people
3	the timeless spectacle of people
3	the timeless spectacle
4	timeless spectacle
2	of people
2	really talking to each other
2	talking to each other
2	to each other
2	each other
3	This amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as Greenfingers ...
3	This amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as Greenfingers
2	This amiable picture talks tough , but
2	This amiable picture talks tough ,
2	This amiable picture talks tough
3	This amiable picture
3	amiable picture
2	talks tough
3	it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as Greenfingers
3	's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as Greenfingers
2	's all bluster --
2	's all bluster
1	all bluster
3	in the end it 's as sweet as Greenfingers
3	the end it 's as sweet as Greenfingers
2	the end
2	it 's as sweet as Greenfingers
3	's as sweet as Greenfingers
2	as sweet as Greenfingers
3	sweet as Greenfingers
2	as Greenfingers
3	This is one of Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .
4	is one of Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .
3	is one of Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny
3	one of Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny
2	one of Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works , but also
3	one of Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works ,
3	one of Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works
3	of Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works
3	Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works
2	Mr. Chabrol 's
2	Chabrol 's
3	subtlest works
2	but also
2	one of his most uncanny
2	of his most uncanny
2	his most uncanny
3	most uncanny
3	An engrossing Iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
3	An engrossing Iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people
2	An engrossing Iranian film about two itinerant teachers and
3	An engrossing Iranian film about two itinerant teachers
2	An engrossing Iranian film
2	engrossing Iranian film
2	Iranian film
2	about two itinerant teachers
2	two itinerant teachers
2	itinerant teachers
2	some lost and desolate people
2	lost and desolate people
1	lost and desolate
2	lost and
2	they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
1	encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
2	encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed
2	encounter in a place
2	in a place
2	a place
2	where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed
2	war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed
2	has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed
1	savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed
2	the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed
2	the lives and liberties
2	lives and liberties
2	lives and
2	of the poor and the dispossessed
1	the poor and the dispossessed
1	the poor and
2	the poor
2	the dispossessed
3	Even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
2	Even though we know the outcome
2	though we know the outcome
2	we know the outcome
2	know the outcome
2	the outcome
3	, the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
3	the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
2	the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers
2	the seesawing
2	of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers
2	the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers
2	the general 's fate
3	the general 's
2	general 's
3	in the arguments of competing lawyers
2	the arguments of competing lawyers
3	the arguments
2	of competing lawyers
2	competing lawyers
3	has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
3	has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy
3	has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller ,
3	has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller
3	the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller
3	the stomach-knotting suspense
3	stomach-knotting suspense
1	of a legal thriller
3	a legal thriller
2	legal thriller
2	while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy
2	the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy
2	the testimony of witnesses
2	the testimony
2	of witnesses
2	lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy
2	lends the film
2	the film
2	a resonant undertone of tragedy
2	a resonant undertone
2	resonant undertone
2	of tragedy
2	Watching Spirited Away is like watching an Eastern imagination explode .
2	Watching Spirited Away
2	Spirited Away
2	is like watching an Eastern imagination explode .
2	is like watching an Eastern imagination explode
3	like watching an Eastern imagination explode
2	watching an Eastern imagination explode
2	an Eastern imagination explode
2	an Eastern imagination
2	Eastern imagination
3	As relationships shift , director Robert J. Siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
2	As relationships shift
2	relationships shift
3	, director Robert J. Siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
3	director Robert J. Siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
2	director Robert J. Siegel
2	Robert J. Siegel
2	J. Siegel
2	allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
3	allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc
2	the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc
2	the characters
2	to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc
3	inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc
2	inhabit their world
2	their world
2	without cleaving to a narrative arc
2	cleaving to a narrative arc
2	to a narrative arc
2	a narrative arc
3	narrative arc
3	Twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
3	knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
3	knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record
2	knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and
3	knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying ,
3	knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying
2	how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying
2	to inflate the mundane into the scarifying
2	inflate the mundane into the scarifying
2	inflate the mundane
1	the mundane
2	into the scarifying
3	the scarifying
3	gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record
3	gets full mileage out
3	gets full mileage
2	full mileage
2	of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record
2	the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record
2	the rolling of a stray barrel or
3	the rolling of a stray barrel
2	the rolling
2	of a stray barrel
2	a stray barrel
2	stray barrel
2	the unexpected blast of a phonograph record
2	the unexpected blast
1	unexpected blast
3	of a phonograph record
2	a phonograph record
2	phonograph record
3	While the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully entertaining to watch .
2	While the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times
1	the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times
2	the story
1	does seem pretty unbelievable at times
2	seem pretty unbelievable at times
2	seem pretty unbelievable
1	pretty unbelievable
2	at times
3	, it 's awfully entertaining to watch .
3	it 's awfully entertaining to watch .
4	's awfully entertaining to watch .
4	's awfully entertaining to watch
3	's awfully entertaining
3	awfully entertaining
2	to watch
3	A smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .
4	A smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist
3	A smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search
3	A smart and funny
4	smart and funny
3	smart and
2	, albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search
2	albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search
2	albeit sometimes
2	superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search
2	superficial , cautionary tale
2	, cautionary tale
2	cautionary tale
2	of a technology in search
2	a technology in search
2	a technology
2	in search
2	of an artist
2	an artist
2	Examines its explosive subject matter as nonjudgmentally as Wiseman 's previous studies of inner-city high schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers .
2	Examines its explosive subject matter as nonjudgmentally as Wiseman 's previous studies of inner-city high schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers
3	Examines its explosive subject matter
3	its explosive subject matter
3	explosive subject matter
2	subject matter
2	as nonjudgmentally as Wiseman 's previous studies of inner-city high schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers
3	nonjudgmentally as Wiseman 's previous studies of inner-city high schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers
2	nonjudgmentally as Wiseman 's previous studies
2	as Wiseman 's previous studies
2	Wiseman 's previous studies
2	Wiseman 's
2	previous studies
2	of inner-city high schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers
2	inner-city high schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers
2	high schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers
2	schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers
2	, hospitals , courts and welfare centers
3	hospitals , courts and welfare centers
2	, courts and welfare centers
2	courts and welfare centers
3	and welfare centers
2	welfare centers
2	I prefer Soderbergh 's concentration on his two lovers over Tarkovsky 's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies .
2	prefer Soderbergh 's concentration on his two lovers over Tarkovsky 's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies .
2	prefer Soderbergh 's concentration on his two lovers over Tarkovsky 's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies
2	prefer Soderbergh 's concentration on his two lovers
2	Soderbergh 's concentration on his two lovers
2	Soderbergh 's concentration
2	Soderbergh 's
2	on his two lovers
2	his two lovers
2	two lovers
2	over Tarkovsky 's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies
1	Tarkovsky 's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies
2	Tarkovsky 's
2	mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies
2	mostly male
2	, mostly patriarchal debating societies
2	mostly patriarchal debating societies
2	mostly patriarchal
2	debating societies
3	` If you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '
3	If you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '
3	If you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy
2	you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy
2	are in the mood for an intelligent weepy
3	in the mood for an intelligent weepy
3	the mood for an intelligent weepy
2	the mood
3	for an intelligent weepy
3	an intelligent weepy
2	intelligent weepy
3	, it can easily worm its way into your heart . '
3	it can easily worm its way into your heart . '
4	can easily worm its way into your heart . '
3	can easily worm its way into your heart .
3	can easily worm its way into your heart
2	can easily
4	worm its way into your heart
2	worm its way
2	its way
3	into your heart
2	your heart
4	In IMAX in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .
2	In IMAX in short
3	IMAX in short
1	in short
3	, it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .
3	it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .
4	's just as wonderful on the big screen .
3	's just as wonderful on the big screen
2	's just
4	as wonderful on the big screen
4	wonderful on the big screen
2	on the big screen
2	the big screen
2	big screen
3	Does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story .
3	Does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story
3	Does a good job
4	a good job
4	good job
3	of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story
2	of establishing a time and place
2	establishing a time and place
2	a time and place
2	time and place
2	time and
3	, and of telling a fascinating character 's story
3	, and
3	of telling a fascinating character 's story
3	telling a fascinating character 's story
4	a fascinating character 's story
3	a fascinating character 's
3	fascinating character 's
2	character 's
3	I 'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up .
2	'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up .
4	'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up
2	going to give it a marginal thumbs up
3	to give it a marginal thumbs up
3	give it a marginal thumbs up
2	give it
3	a marginal thumbs up
3	a marginal thumbs
2	marginal thumbs
3	I liked it just enough .
3	liked it just enough .
3	liked it just enough
2	it just enough
2	just enough
2	Those of you who do n't believe in Santa Claus probably also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original .
2	Those of you who do n't believe in Santa Claus
2	Those of you
2	of you
3	who do n't believe in Santa Claus
1	do n't believe in Santa Claus
2	do n't
2	believe in Santa Claus
2	in Santa Claus
2	Santa Claus
3	probably also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original .
1	also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original .
1	also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original
1	think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original
1	that sequels can never capture the magic of the original
1	sequels can never capture the magic of the original
1	can never capture the magic of the original
2	can never
3	capture the magic of the original
2	the magic of the original
2	the magic
2	of the original
3	the original
1	Well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
3	, this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
3	this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
2	this movie
2	proves you wrong on both counts .
1	proves you wrong on both counts
1	you wrong on both counts
1	wrong on both counts
2	on both counts
2	both counts
4	A deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams .
3	A deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams
4	A deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city
3	A deliciously nonsensical comedy
3	deliciously nonsensical comedy
2	deliciously nonsensical
2	about a city
2	a city
1	coming apart at its seams
2	coming apart
2	at its seams
2	its seams
3	The rare Imax movie that you 'll wish was longer than an hour .
3	The rare Imax movie that you 'll wish
2	The rare Imax movie
3	rare Imax movie
2	Imax movie
2	that you 'll wish
2	you 'll wish
2	'll wish
2	was longer than an hour .
3	was longer than an hour
2	longer than an hour
2	than an hour
2	an hour
2	My Wife 's plotting is nothing special ; it 's the delivery that matters here .
3	My Wife 's plotting is nothing special ; it 's the delivery that matters here
2	My Wife 's plotting is nothing special ;
1	My Wife 's plotting is nothing special
2	My Wife 's plotting
2	My Wife 's
2	Wife 's
1	is nothing special
1	nothing special
3	it 's the delivery that matters here
2	's the delivery that matters here
2	the delivery that matters here
2	the delivery
2	that matters here
2	matters here
3	I 've yet to find an actual Vietnam War combat movie actually produced by either the North or South Vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close .
3	I 've yet to find an actual Vietnam War combat movie actually produced by either the North or South Vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close
2	I 've yet to find an actual Vietnam War combat movie actually produced by either the North or South Vietnamese , but
2	I 've yet to find an actual Vietnam War combat movie actually produced by either the North or South Vietnamese ,
1	I 've yet to find an actual Vietnam War combat movie actually produced by either the North or South Vietnamese
2	've yet to find an actual Vietnam War combat movie actually produced by either the North or South Vietnamese
2	've yet
2	to find an actual Vietnam War combat movie actually produced by either the North or South Vietnamese
2	find an actual Vietnam War combat movie actually produced by either the North or South Vietnamese
2	an actual Vietnam War combat movie actually produced by either the North or South Vietnamese
3	an actual Vietnam War combat movie
2	actual Vietnam War combat movie
2	Vietnam War combat movie
2	War combat movie
2	combat movie
2	actually produced by either the North or South Vietnamese
2	produced by either the North or South Vietnamese
2	by either the North or South Vietnamese
2	either the North or South Vietnamese
2	the North or South Vietnamese
3	North or South Vietnamese
2	or South Vietnamese
2	South Vietnamese
3	at least now we 've got something pretty damn close
2	at least
3	now we 've got something pretty damn close
2	we 've got something pretty damn close
3	've got something pretty damn close
2	got something pretty damn close
3	got something
2	pretty damn close
2	damn close
4	A moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .
4	A moving and not infrequently breathtaking film
3	moving and not infrequently breathtaking film
3	moving and not infrequently breathtaking
2	moving and
3	not infrequently breathtaking
3	infrequently breathtaking
3	It 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .
3	's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .
3	's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects
3	a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects
3	a sharp movie
3	sharp movie
1	about otherwise dull subjects
1	otherwise dull subjects
1	otherwise dull
1	It 's like Rocky and Bullwinkle on Speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness .
1	It 's like Rocky and Bullwinkle on Speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness
2	It 's like Rocky and Bullwinkle on Speed , but
2	It 's like Rocky and Bullwinkle on Speed ,
2	It 's like Rocky and Bullwinkle on Speed
3	's like Rocky and Bullwinkle on Speed
2	's like Rocky and Bullwinkle
2	like Rocky and Bullwinkle
2	Rocky and Bullwinkle
3	Rocky and
2	on Speed
2	that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness
1	that 's neither completely enlightening , nor
1	that 's neither completely enlightening ,
1	that 's neither completely enlightening
2	's neither completely enlightening
2	's neither
4	completely enlightening
2	does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness
2	does it
3	catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness
2	the intensity of the movie 's strangeness
3	the intensity
2	of the movie 's strangeness
2	the movie 's strangeness
2	the movie 's
2	movie 's
3	As action-adventure , this space-based homage to Robert Louis Stevenson 's Treasure Island fires on all plasma conduits .
2	As action-adventure
3	, this space-based homage to Robert Louis Stevenson 's Treasure Island fires on all plasma conduits .
3	this space-based homage to Robert Louis Stevenson 's Treasure Island fires on all plasma conduits .
2	this space-based homage to Robert Louis Stevenson 's Treasure Island
2	this space-based homage
2	space-based homage
2	to Robert Louis Stevenson 's Treasure Island
2	Robert Louis Stevenson 's Treasure Island
2	Robert Louis Stevenson 's
2	Louis Stevenson 's
2	Stevenson 's
2	Treasure Island
2	fires on all plasma conduits .
3	fires on all plasma conduits
2	on all plasma conduits
2	all plasma conduits
2	plasma conduits
2	A melancholy , emotional film .
3	A melancholy , emotional film
2	A melancholy ,
3	A melancholy
4	emotional film
3	While the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care .
2	While the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed
1	the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed
2	the filmmaking
1	may be a bit disjointed
1	be a bit disjointed
1	a bit disjointed
2	a bit
3	, the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care .
2	the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care .
2	the subject matter
2	subject matter
3	is so fascinating that you wo n't care .
2	is so fascinating that you wo n't care
3	is so fascinating
3	so fascinating
1	that you wo n't care
1	you wo n't care
1	wo n't care
2	wo n't
4	Intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .
4	Intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery
3	Intensely romantic ,
3	Intensely romantic
3	thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery
3	thought-provoking and
2	even an engaging mystery
3	an engaging mystery
3	engaging mystery
4	Goofy , nutty , consistently funny .
3	, nutty , consistently funny .
3	nutty , consistently funny .
4	, consistently funny .
4	consistently funny .
3	consistently funny
3	And educational !
3	educational !
2	Another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but the story and theme make up for it .
3	Another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but the story and theme make up for it
1	Another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but
1	Another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film ,
0	Another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film
2	Another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one
2	in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one
2	a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one
2	a long line
2	long line
2	of ultra-violent war movies , this one
2	ultra-violent war movies , this one
2	ultra-violent war movies ,
2	ultra-violent war movies
1	war movies
2	this one
1	is not quite what it could have been as a film
1	not quite what it could have been as a film
1	not quite
2	what it could have been as a film
2	it could have been as a film
2	could have been as a film
2	have been as a film
2	been as a film
2	as a film
2	a film
3	the story and theme make up for it
3	the story and theme
3	story and theme
2	story and
2	make up for it
2	make up
2	for it
4	It leaves little doubt that Kidman has become one of our best actors .
3	leaves little doubt that Kidman has become one of our best actors .
3	leaves little doubt that Kidman has become one of our best actors
4	little doubt that Kidman has become one of our best actors
3	little doubt
4	that Kidman has become one of our best actors
4	Kidman has become one of our best actors
4	has become one of our best actors
4	become one of our best actors
4	one of our best actors
3	of our best actors
3	our best actors
3	best actors
4	The film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
2	The film
3	boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
3	boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery
2	dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery
3	dry humor and jarring shocks , plus
2	dry humor and jarring shocks ,
3	dry humor and jarring shocks
2	dry humor and
3	dry humor
3	jarring shocks
3	moments of breathtaking mystery
4	of breathtaking mystery
3	breathtaking mystery
3	Beautifully directed and convincingly acted .
4	directed and convincingly acted .
3	directed and convincingly acted
2	directed and convincingly
2	directed and
2	Gambling and throwing a basketball game for money is n't a new plot -- in fact Toback himself used it in Black and White .
1	Gambling and throwing a basketball game for money is n't a new plot -- in fact Toback himself used it in Black and White
1	Gambling and throwing a basketball game for money is n't a new plot --
0	Gambling and throwing a basketball game for money is n't a new plot
2	Gambling and throwing a basketball game for money
2	Gambling and throwing
2	Gambling and
3	a basketball game for money
3	a basketball game
2	basketball game
2	for money
1	is n't a new plot
1	is n't
2	a new plot
2	new plot
2	in fact Toback himself used it in Black and White
2	in fact Toback
2	fact Toback
2	himself used it in Black and White
2	used it in Black and White
2	used it
2	in Black and White
2	Black and White
2	Black and
3	But Toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
4	Toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
2	Toback 's deranged immediacy
2	Toback 's
3	deranged immediacy
3	makes it seem fresh again .
2	makes it seem fresh again
4	it seem fresh again
3	seem fresh again
3	seem fresh
3	In the director 's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
2	In the director 's cut
2	the director 's cut
3	the director 's
2	director 's
4	, the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
4	the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
4	the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes
3	the film is not only a love song to the movies but
3	the film is not only a love song to the movies
2	the film
3	is not only a love song to the movies
2	is not only
1	is not
3	a love song to the movies
2	a love song
3	love song
2	to the movies
2	the movies
3	it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes
4	also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes
3	is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes
3	is more fully
2	more fully
3	an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes
4	an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience
2	an example
3	of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience
4	the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience
2	the kind
2	of lush , all-enveloping movie experience
4	lush , all-enveloping movie experience
3	, all-enveloping movie experience
4	all-enveloping movie experience
2	movie experience
2	it rhapsodizes
3	Bring on the sequel .
3	Bring on the sequel
2	on the sequel
2	the sequel
3	Graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in American teen comedies .
4	Graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in American teen comedies
3	with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in American teen comedies
2	the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in American teen comedies
3	the kind of social texture and realism
2	the kind
3	of social texture and realism
2	social texture and realism
3	texture and realism
2	texture and
2	that would be foreign in American teen comedies
2	would be foreign in American teen comedies
2	be foreign in American teen comedies
2	foreign in American teen comedies
2	in American teen comedies
2	American teen comedies
2	teen comedies
3	If we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No. 9 .
2	If we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness
2	we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness
2	sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness
1	need comforting fantasies about mental illness
2	comforting fantasies about mental illness
3	comforting fantasies
2	about mental illness
1	mental illness
2	, we also need movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No. 9 .
3	we also need movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No. 9 .
3	also need movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No. 9 .
3	need movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No. 9 .
2	need movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No. 9
2	movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No. 9
2	like Tim McCann 's Revolution No. 9
2	Tim McCann 's Revolution No. 9
2	Tim McCann 's Revolution
2	Tim McCann 's
2	McCann 's
2	No. 9
3	The film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .
3	The film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story
2	The film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but
2	The film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy ,
1	The film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy
2	The film
2	occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy
1	tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy
2	the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy
1	the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and
2	the viewer 's patience with slow pacing
1	the viewer 's patience
2	the viewer 's
2	viewer 's
1	with slow pacing
1	slow pacing
1	a main character who sometimes defies sympathy
2	a main character
2	main character
1	who sometimes defies sympathy
2	sometimes defies sympathy
2	defies sympathy
3	it ultimately satisfies with its moving story
3	ultimately satisfies with its moving story
3	satisfies with its moving story
3	with its moving story
3	its moving story
3	moving story
3	A big-budget\/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as The Hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .
3	A big-budget\/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as The Hours
3	A big-budget\/all-star movie
3	big-budget\/all-star movie
1	as unblinkingly pure as The Hours
3	unblinkingly pure as The Hours
3	unblinkingly pure as
3	unblinkingly pure
2	The Hours
3	is a distinct rarity , and an event .
3	is a distinct rarity , and an event
4	a distinct rarity , and an event
3	a distinct rarity , and
2	a distinct rarity ,
3	a distinct rarity
3	distinct rarity
2	an event
3	... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .
3	certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .
3	certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes
3	an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes
3	an entertaining ride
3	entertaining ride
1	, despite many talky , slow scenes
2	despite many talky , slow scenes
2	despite many talky
2	many talky
1	, slow scenes
1	slow scenes
2	But something seems to be missing .
2	something seems to be missing .
1	seems to be missing .
1	seems to be missing
2	to be missing
2	be missing
3	A sense of real magic , perhaps .
3	A sense of real magic , perhaps
2	A sense
2	of real magic , perhaps
3	real magic , perhaps
3	real magic ,
3	real magic
4	That Haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
2	That Haynes
4	can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
4	can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
3	both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
2	maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
2	maintain and
4	dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
2	dismantle the facades
2	the facades
3	that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
4	his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
2	his genre and his character construct
2	his genre and
2	his genre
2	his character construct
2	character construct
4	is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
4	a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
4	a wonderous accomplishment
4	wonderous accomplishment
3	of veracity and narrative grace
2	veracity and narrative grace
3	and narrative grace
3	narrative grace
2	The movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in .
2	The movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in
3	The movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and
3	The movie worked for me right up to the final scene ,
2	The movie worked for me right up to the final scene
2	The movie
2	worked for me right up to the final scene
2	worked for me right up
4	worked for me
2	for me
2	right up
2	to the final scene
2	the final scene
2	final scene
2	then it caved in
0	it caved in
2	caved in
4	... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ...
4	... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages
4	one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages
3	of the most entertaining monster movies in ages
4	the most entertaining monster movies in ages
3	the most entertaining monster movies
2	most entertaining monster movies
4	most entertaining
2	monster movies
2	in ages
3	Plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .
2	Plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision
3	Plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and
0	Plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad ,
2	Plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad
2	Plunges you
2	into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad
2	a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad
2	a reality
1	that is , more often then not , difficult and sad
2	is , more often then not , difficult and sad
3	is , more often then
2	is , more often
2	is ,
2	more often
1	not , difficult and sad
1	, difficult and sad
2	difficult and sad
1	difficult and
2	then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision
4	, without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision
3	without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision
2	without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality
2	sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality
2	sentimentalizing it or
3	sentimentalizing it
2	denying its brutality
2	its brutality
3	, transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision
3	transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision
2	transforms that reality
2	that reality
3	into a lyrical and celebratory vision
3	a lyrical and celebratory vision
3	lyrical and celebratory vision
3	lyrical and celebratory
2	lyrical and
2	Would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ?
2	Would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can
2	Would you
1	laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can
2	if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can
1	a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can
2	a tuba-playing dwarf
2	tuba-playing dwarf
1	rolled down a hill in a trash can
2	rolled down
2	a hill in a trash can
2	a hill
1	in a trash can
2	a trash can
1	trash can
2	Do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body ?
1	Do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body
2	Do you
2	chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body
1	at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body
2	the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body
2	the thought
2	of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body
1	an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body
1	an ancient librarian
2	ancient librarian
2	whacking a certain part of a man 's body
3	a certain part of a man 's body
2	a certain part
2	certain part
2	of a man 's body
2	a man 's body
2	a man 's
2	man 's
3	If you answered yes , by all means enjoy The New Guy .
2	If you answered yes , by all means
2	you answered yes , by all means
3	answered yes , by all means
2	answered yes ,
2	answered yes
3	by all means
2	all means
3	enjoy The New Guy .
2	enjoy The New Guy
2	The New Guy
2	New Guy
3	The film is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .
2	The film
4	is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .
3	is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation
2	is ...
2	determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation
3	to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation
3	to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and
2	to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures ,
2	to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures
3	treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures
2	treat its characters , weak and strong ,
2	its characters , weak and strong ,
1	its characters , weak and strong
2	its characters ,
2	its characters
3	weak and strong
1	weak and
2	as fallible human beings , not caricatures
2	fallible human beings , not caricatures
2	fallible human beings , not
2	fallible human beings ,
2	fallible human beings
2	human beings
2	to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation
2	carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation
1	delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation
2	the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation
2	the cost
2	of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation
2	the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation
2	the inevitable conflicts between human urges and
2	the inevitable conflicts between human urges
2	the inevitable conflicts
2	inevitable conflicts
2	between human urges
2	human urges
2	an institution concerned with self-preservation
2	an institution
2	concerned with self-preservation
2	with self-preservation
2	Missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .
1	take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .
1	take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane
2	take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and
2	take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story
4	what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story
3	was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story
2	was otherwise
4	a fascinating , riveting story
4	fascinating , riveting story
3	, riveting story
3	riveting story
1	send it down the path of the mundane
2	send it
1	down the path of the mundane
1	the path of the mundane
2	the path
2	of the mundane
1	the mundane
3	An indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .
3	An indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people
2	An indispensable peek
2	indispensable peek
2	at the art and the agony of making people
2	the art and the agony of making people
2	the art and
2	the art
2	the agony of making people
2	the agony
2	of making people
2	making people
2	laugh .
3	Steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic .
2	Steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully
2	uncinematic but powerfully
1	uncinematic but
2	dramatic .
3	The engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .
2	The engagingly primitive animated special effects
2	engagingly primitive animated special effects
1	primitive animated special effects
2	animated special effects
2	special effects
3	contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .
3	contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion
3	to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion
3	a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion
2	a mood
3	that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion
2	's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion
2	sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion
2	through the surprisingly somber conclusion
3	the surprisingly somber conclusion
2	surprisingly somber conclusion
2	somber conclusion
2	Made-Up lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on America 's skin-deep notions of pulchritude .
2	lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on America 's skin-deep notions of pulchritude .
3	lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on America 's skin-deep notions of pulchritude
1	lampoons the moviemaking process itself ,
2	lampoons the moviemaking process itself
2	the moviemaking process itself
3	the moviemaking process
2	moviemaking process
2	while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on America 's skin-deep notions of pulchritude
1	shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on America 's skin-deep notions of pulchritude
1	shining a not particularly flattering spotlight
1	a not particularly flattering spotlight
1	not particularly flattering spotlight
1	not particularly
3	flattering spotlight
2	on America 's skin-deep notions of pulchritude
3	America 's skin-deep notions of pulchritude
3	America 's skin-deep notions
2	America 's
2	skin-deep notions
2	of pulchritude
3	Evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .
4	Evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking
2	Evokes the 19th century
2	the 19th century
2	19th century
3	with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking
3	a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking
2	a subtlety
2	that is an object lesson in period filmmaking
3	is an object lesson in period filmmaking
3	an object lesson in period filmmaking
2	an object lesson
3	object lesson
2	in period filmmaking
2	period filmmaking
3	Ya-Yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .
3	everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .
3	will forgive the flaws and love the film .
3	will forgive the flaws and love the film
3	forgive the flaws and love the film
2	forgive the flaws and
2	forgive the flaws
1	the flaws
4	love the film
2	the film
2	The film 's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political Blair Witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .
3	The film 's best trick
2	The film 's
2	film 's
2	best trick
2	is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political Blair Witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .
2	is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political Blair Witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen
2	is the way
2	the way
2	that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political Blair Witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen
2	it treats conspiracy as a kind of political Blair Witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen
2	treats conspiracy as a kind of political Blair Witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen
2	treats conspiracy
1	as a kind of political Blair Witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen
2	a kind of political Blair Witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen
3	a kind
2	of political Blair Witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen
3	political Blair Witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen
1	political Blair Witch ,
2	political Blair Witch
2	Blair Witch
2	a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen
1	a monstrous murk
2	monstrous murk
2	that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen
2	haunts us precisely because it can never be seen
3	haunts us precisely
2	haunts us
1	because it can never be seen
2	it can never be seen
2	can never be seen
2	can never
2	be seen
4	The artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from Japan , the characters move with grace and panache .
4	The artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from Japan , the characters move with grace and panache
3	The artwork is spectacular and
3	The artwork is spectacular
3	The artwork
4	is spectacular
3	unlike most animaton from Japan , the characters move with grace and panache
2	unlike most animaton from Japan
2	most animaton from Japan
2	animaton from Japan
3	from Japan
4	, the characters move with grace and panache
3	the characters move with grace and panache
2	the characters
3	move with grace and panache
3	with grace and panache
3	grace and panache
2	grace and
3	The picture 's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .
3	The picture 's fascinating byways
2	The picture 's
2	picture 's
2	fascinating byways
0	are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .
1	are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed
1	littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed
2	littered with trenchant satirical jabs
2	with trenchant satirical jabs
1	trenchant satirical jabs
2	satirical jabs
2	at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed
2	the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed
2	the peculiar egocentricities
2	peculiar egocentricities
3	of the acting breed
2	the acting breed
2	acting breed
1	The modern remake of Dumas 's story is long on narrative and -LRB- too -RRB- short on action .
2	The modern remake of Dumas 's story
2	The modern remake
2	modern remake
2	of Dumas 's story
2	Dumas 's story
2	Dumas 's
1	is long on narrative and -LRB- too -RRB- short on action .
1	is long on narrative and -LRB- too -RRB- short on action
1	is long on narrative and -LRB- too -RRB- short
3	is long on
2	long on
1	narrative and -LRB- too -RRB- short
1	and -LRB- too -RRB- short
2	-LRB- too -RRB- short
2	-LRB- too -RRB-
2	too -RRB-
3	on action
0	Fred Schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
2	Fred Schepisi 's film
2	Fred Schepisi 's
2	Schepisi 's
0	is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
1	is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen
0	paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen
1	paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and
1	paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age
1	at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age
1	a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age
2	a speed
1	that is slow to those of us in middle age
1	is slow to those of us in middle age
2	is slow to those of us
2	slow to those of us
2	to those of us
2	those of us
2	of us
2	in middle age
2	middle age
0	deathly slow to any teen
2	slow to any teen
2	to any teen
2	any teen
4	With a cast of A-list Brit actors , it is worth searching out .
3	With a cast of A-list Brit actors
3	a cast of A-list Brit actors
2	a cast
3	of A-list Brit actors
3	A-list Brit actors
2	Brit actors
3	, it is worth searching out .
3	it is worth searching out .
3	is worth searching out .
3	is worth searching out
2	is worth
2	searching out
1	Suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .
2	Suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers
2	Suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons
2	from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons
2	its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons
2	its timid parsing
1	timid parsing
2	of the barn-side target of sons
2	the barn-side target of sons
2	the barn-side target
2	barn-side target
2	of sons
2	trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers
2	to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers
3	breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers
2	breach gaps in their relationships
1	gaps in their relationships
2	in their relationships
2	their relationships
3	with their fathers
2	their fathers
4	Nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , Warm Water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
3	Nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable
2	Nonchalantly freaky and
2	Nonchalantly freaky
3	uncommonly pleasurable
4	, Warm Water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
4	Warm Water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
2	Warm Water
3	may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
4	may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy
3	may well
4	be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy
4	the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy
2	the year 's
2	year 's
4	best and most unpredictable comedy
3	best and most
4	best and
4	unpredictable comedy
2	It 's like an old Warner Bros. costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie Errol Flynn always wanted to make , though Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him .
2	It 's like an old Warner Bros. costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie Errol Flynn always wanted to make , though Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him
3	It 's like an old Warner Bros. costumer jived with sex --
2	It 's like an old Warner Bros. costumer jived with sex
1	's like an old Warner Bros. costumer jived with sex
1	like an old Warner Bros. costumer jived with sex
2	an old Warner Bros. costumer jived with sex
2	an old Warner Bros. costumer
2	old Warner Bros. costumer
2	Warner Bros. costumer
2	Bros. costumer
2	jived with sex
2	with sex
2	this could be the movie Errol Flynn always wanted to make , though Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him
2	could be the movie Errol Flynn always wanted to make , though Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him
2	be the movie Errol Flynn always wanted to make , though Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him
2	the movie Errol Flynn always wanted to make , though Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him
2	the movie
2	Errol Flynn always wanted to make , though Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him
2	Errol Flynn
2	always wanted to make , though Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him
1	wanted to make , though Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him
2	wanted to make ,
2	wanted to make
2	to make
1	though Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him
3	Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him
3	Bette Davis , cast as Joan ,
2	Bette Davis , cast as Joan
2	Bette Davis ,
2	Bette Davis
2	cast as Joan
2	as Joan
2	would have killed him
2	have killed him
2	killed him
4	It 's a great American adventure and a wonderful film to bring to IMAX .
4	's a great American adventure and a wonderful film to bring to IMAX .
4	's a great American adventure and a wonderful film to bring to IMAX
4	a great American adventure and a wonderful film to bring to IMAX
3	a great American adventure and
4	a great American adventure
3	great American adventure
2	American adventure
4	a wonderful film to bring to IMAX
4	wonderful film to bring to IMAX
2	film to bring to IMAX
2	to bring to IMAX
3	bring to IMAX
2	to IMAX
3	Satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .
3	Satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time
3	Satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and
3	Satisfyingly scarifying , fresh
3	Satisfyingly scarifying ,
3	Satisfyingly scarifying
2	old-fashioned at the same time
2	at the same time
2	the same time
2	same time
3	Oh , James !
2	, James !
2	James !
3	Your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , Madonna 's cameo does n't suck !
3	Your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this
2	Your 20th outing
2	20th outing
2	shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this
3	shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and
3	shows off a lot of stamina and vitality ,
3	shows off a lot of stamina and vitality
2	shows off
3	a lot of stamina and vitality
2	a lot
2	of stamina and vitality
3	stamina and vitality
2	stamina and
2	get this
3	, Madonna 's cameo does n't suck !
3	Madonna 's cameo does n't suck !
2	Madonna 's cameo
1	Madonna 's
2	does n't suck !
2	does n't suck
1	does n't
2	That death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world 's religions .
2	That death
2	is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world 's religions .
2	is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world 's religions
2	is merely
2	a transition is a common tenet in the world 's religions
2	a transition
2	is a common tenet in the world 's religions
2	a common tenet in the world 's religions
2	a common tenet
2	common tenet
2	in the world 's religions
2	the world 's religions
2	the world 's
2	world 's
3	This deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
3	deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
3	spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
3	spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications
3	spiritual film taps
2	film taps
2	into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications
2	the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications
2	the meaning and consolation
2	meaning and consolation
2	meaning and
2	in afterlife communications
2	afterlife communications
3	There is something that is so meditative and lyrical about Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
4	is something that is so meditative and lyrical about Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
4	something that is so meditative and lyrical about Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
3	that is so meditative and lyrical about Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
3	is so meditative and lyrical about Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
3	so meditative and lyrical about Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
3	so meditative and lyrical
3	meditative and lyrical
3	meditative and
3	about Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
3	Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
3	Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ...
3	Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot
2	Babak Payami 's
2	Payami 's
2	boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot
3	quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot
2	Iranian drama Secret Ballot
2	drama Secret Ballot
2	Secret Ballot
3	a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
3	a charming and evoking little ditty
4	charming and evoking little ditty
4	charming and evoking
3	charming and
2	little ditty
3	that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
3	manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
3	to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
3	show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
2	the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
3	the gentle and humane side
3	gentle and humane side
3	gentle and humane
3	gentle and
3	of Middle Eastern world politics
3	Middle Eastern world politics
2	Eastern world politics
2	world politics
3	A huge box-office hit in Korea , Shiri is a must for genre fans .
3	A huge box-office hit in Korea
3	A huge box-office
3	huge box-office
2	hit in Korea
2	in Korea
3	, Shiri is a must for genre fans .
4	Shiri is a must for genre fans .
3	is a must for genre fans .
3	is a must for genre fans
4	is a must
3	a must
3	for genre fans
2	genre fans
3	I 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but Real Women Have Curves truly is life affirming .
4	I 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but Real Women Have Curves truly is life affirming
2	I 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but
1	I 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , '
2	I 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy ,
2	I 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy
2	'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy
3	'm not
1	a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy
3	a fan
2	of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy
2	the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy
2	the phrase ` life affirming '
3	phrase ` life affirming '
3	` life affirming '
3	life affirming '
3	affirming '
2	because it usually means ` schmaltzy
2	it usually means ` schmaltzy
2	usually means ` schmaltzy
2	means ` schmaltzy
2	means `
3	Real Women Have Curves truly is life affirming
2	Real Women Have Curves
2	Women Have Curves
2	Have Curves
4	truly is life affirming
2	is life affirming
3	life affirming
2	The symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees .
2	The symbols
3	float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees .
3	float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees
2	like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees
2	butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees
2	butterflies and
2	the spinning styx sting like bees
2	the spinning styx
2	spinning styx
1	sting like bees
2	like bees
1	I wanted more .
2	wanted more .
2	wanted more
3	If it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .
4	If it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for
2	If it 's unnerving suspense you 're after --
2	If it 's unnerving suspense you 're after
2	If it 's unnerving suspense
3	it 's unnerving suspense
2	's unnerving suspense
3	unnerving suspense
2	you 're after
2	're after
4	you 'll find it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for
3	'll find it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for
4	find it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for
3	find it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ;
3	it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ;
3	it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film
3	it with Ring ,
2	it with Ring
2	with Ring
3	an indisputably spooky film
2	indisputably spooky film
2	indisputably spooky
4	with a screenplay to die for
4	a screenplay to die for
3	screenplay to die for
3	to die for
3	die for
4	The art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and Kurys ' direction is clever and insightful .
4	The art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and Kurys ' direction is clever and insightful
3	The art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and
3	The art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed ,
4	The art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed
2	The art direction and costumes
2	The art direction and
2	The art direction
2	art direction
4	are gorgeous and finely detailed
4	gorgeous and finely detailed
3	gorgeous and
3	finely detailed
3	Kurys ' direction is clever and insightful
2	Kurys ' direction
2	Kurys '
4	is clever and insightful
4	clever and insightful
3	clever and
2	Red Dragon makes one appreciate Silence of the Lambs .
2	Red Dragon
2	makes one appreciate Silence of the Lambs .
2	makes one appreciate Silence of the Lambs
3	one appreciate Silence of the Lambs
2	appreciate Silence of the Lambs
2	Silence of the Lambs
2	of the Lambs
2	the Lambs
3	Proves a servicable World War II drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored .
3	Proves a servicable World War II drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances
2	a servicable World War II drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances
3	a servicable World War II drama
3	servicable World War II drama
2	servicable World War II
2	servicable World War
2	servicable World
1	that ca n't totally hide its contrivances
2	ca n't totally hide its contrivances
2	ca n't totally
2	ca n't
1	hide its contrivances
3	its contrivances
3	, but it at least calls attention to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored .
2	, but it at least calls attention to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored
2	, but
3	it at least calls attention to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored
2	at least calls attention to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored
2	at least
3	calls attention to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored
2	calls attention
3	to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored
1	a problem Hollywood too long has ignored
2	a problem
1	Hollywood too long has ignored
1	too long has ignored
1	too long
2	has ignored
3	Leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .
3	Leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love
2	Leigh is n't breaking new ground , but
2	Leigh is n't breaking new ground ,
2	Leigh is n't breaking new ground
1	is n't breaking new ground
1	is n't
3	breaking new ground
3	new ground
2	he knows how a daily grind can kill love
3	knows how a daily grind can kill love
2	how a daily grind can kill love
2	a daily grind can kill love
2	a daily grind
2	daily grind
2	can kill love
2	kill love
3	While Broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
1	While Broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture
1	Broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture
2	Broomfield 's film
2	Broomfield 's
1	does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture
1	does n't
2	capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture
2	capture the effect of these tragic deaths
2	the effect of these tragic deaths
2	the effect
1	of these tragic deaths
2	these tragic deaths
1	tragic deaths
2	on hip-hop culture
2	hip-hop culture
3	, it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
3	it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
4	succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
3	succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system
3	as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system
3	a powerful look at a failure of our justice system
3	a powerful look
3	powerful look
1	at a failure of our justice system
2	a failure of our justice system
0	a failure
2	of our justice system
2	our justice system
2	justice system
3	... strips Bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .
3	strips Bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .
3	Bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .
3	Bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults
2	Bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness ,
1	Bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness
2	stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness
1	of the potential for sanctimoniousness
2	the potential for sanctimoniousness
2	the potential
2	for sanctimoniousness
2	making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults
2	them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults
4	meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults
2	for both kids and church-wary adults
2	both kids and church-wary adults
2	both kids and
2	both kids
2	church-wary adults
4	Laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma .
4	Laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling ,
4	Laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling
3	Laugh-out-loud lines ,
3	Laugh-out-loud lines
2	adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling
4	adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and
3	adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances ,
3	adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances
3	adorably ditsy but heartfelt
3	adorably ditsy but
2	adorably ditsy
3	bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma .
3	bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma
3	dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma
3	that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma
3	cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma
2	to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma
2	the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma
2	the chase
2	of the modern girl 's dilemma
2	the modern girl 's dilemma
2	the modern girl 's
2	modern girl 's
2	girl 's
3	Tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .
1	Tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet
2	to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet
1	pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet
1	pile too many `` serious issues ''
1	too many `` serious issues ''
2	many `` serious issues ''
1	`` serious issues ''
2	serious issues ''
2	issues ''
2	on its plate at times , yet
2	on its plate at times ,
2	on its plate at times
2	its plate at times
2	its plate
2	at times
4	remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .
3	remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written
3	remains fairly light ,
2	remains fairly light
2	fairly light
4	always entertaining , and smartly written
3	always entertaining , and
4	always entertaining ,
4	always entertaining
4	smartly written
3	A solidly entertaining little film .
4	A solidly entertaining little film
4	A solidly entertaining
4	solidly entertaining
2	little film
3	It 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .
4	It 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space
3	It 's an entertaining movie , and
4	It 's an entertaining movie ,
3	It 's an entertaining movie
3	's an entertaining movie
3	an entertaining movie
3	entertaining movie
2	the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space
2	the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel ,
2	the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel
2	the effects ,
2	the effects
2	boosted to the size of a downtown hotel
2	to the size of a downtown hotel
2	the size of a downtown hotel
2	the size
2	of a downtown hotel
2	a downtown hotel
2	downtown hotel
3	will all but take you to outer space
2	will all but
2	all but
3	take you to outer space
2	take you
2	to outer space
2	outer space
4	Sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
3	has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
3	has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors
3	a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors
2	a knack
3	for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors
4	casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors
2	casting , often
2	casting ,
3	resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors
2	resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and
3	resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ...
2	resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now
3	performers who rarely work in movies now
2	who rarely work in movies now
1	rarely work in movies now
2	work in movies now
2	work in movies
2	in movies
3	drawing flavorful performances from bland actors
3	drawing flavorful performances
4	flavorful performances
1	from bland actors
1	bland actors
3	Despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
2	Despite an overwrought ending
2	an overwrought ending
1	overwrought ending
3	, the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
3	the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
2	the film
2	works as well as it does because of the performances .
3	works as well as it does because of the performances
3	as well as it does because of the performances
2	as well
2	as it does because of the performances
2	it does because of the performances
2	does because of the performances
2	because of the performances
2	of the performances
2	the performances
4	A passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .
4	A passionately inquisitive film
2	passionately inquisitive film
3	inquisitive film
2	determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .
3	determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action
2	to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action
2	uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action
2	uncover the truth and
2	uncover the truth
2	the truth
3	hopefully inspire action
2	inspire action
3	Though Nijinsky 's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .
2	Though Nijinsky 's words grow increasingly disturbed
2	Nijinsky 's words grow increasingly disturbed
2	Nijinsky 's words
2	Nijinsky 's
1	grow increasingly disturbed
1	increasingly disturbed
4	, the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .
3	the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .
2	the film
2	maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .
3	maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature
2	a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature
2	a beguiling serenity and poise
3	beguiling serenity and poise
3	serenity and poise
2	serenity and
2	that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature
2	make it accessible for a non-narrative feature
2	it accessible for a non-narrative feature
2	accessible for a non-narrative feature
2	for a non-narrative feature
2	a non-narrative feature
2	non-narrative feature
3	A muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any Scorsese has ever given us .
1	A muddle
3	splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any Scorsese has ever given us .
4	splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any Scorsese has ever given us
3	splashed with bloody beauty as vivid
3	with bloody beauty as vivid
3	bloody beauty as vivid
3	bloody beauty
2	as vivid
2	as any Scorsese has ever given us
3	any Scorsese has ever given us
1	any Scorsese
2	has ever given us
2	has ever
2	given us
3	From both a great and a terrible story , Mr. Nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
2	From both a great and a terrible story
3	both a great and a terrible story
3	a great and a terrible story
3	great and a terrible story
0	and a terrible story
0	a terrible story
0	terrible story
3	, Mr. Nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
4	Mr. Nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
2	Mr. Nelson
4	has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
3	has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience
3	made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience
3	a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience
2	a film
3	that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience
1	is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience
2	an undeniably worthy and devastating experience
3	undeniably worthy and devastating experience
4	undeniably worthy and devastating
4	worthy and devastating
3	worthy and
1	Spider-Man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .
2	is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .
2	is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units
2	about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units
2	growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units
3	growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and
2	growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body ,
3	growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body
2	growing strange hairs ,
2	growing strange hairs
2	strange hairs
3	getting a more mature body
2	a more mature body
2	more mature body
3	more mature
2	finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units
2	it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units
2	necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units
2	to hide new secretions from the parental units
1	hide new secretions from the parental units
1	hide new secretions
2	new secretions
2	from the parental units
2	the parental units
3	parental units
3	The first shocking thing about Sorority Boys is that it 's actually watchable .
2	The first shocking thing about Sorority Boys
2	The first shocking thing
1	first shocking thing
2	shocking thing
1	about Sorority Boys
2	Sorority Boys
3	is that it 's actually watchable .
3	is that it 's actually watchable
3	that it 's actually watchable
3	it 's actually watchable
3	's actually watchable
2	's actually
2	Even more baffling is that it 's funny .
2	Even more baffling
1	more baffling
3	is that it 's funny .
3	is that it 's funny
3	that it 's funny
4	it 's funny
2	's funny
3	Highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role .
4	Highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast
4	by a gritty style and an excellent cast
4	a gritty style and an excellent cast
2	a gritty style and
2	a gritty style
2	gritty style
4	an excellent cast
4	excellent cast
3	, it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role .
3	it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role .
3	's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role .
4	's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role
3	's better
3	than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role
2	one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role
2	might expect when you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role
2	expect when you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role
2	when you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role
2	you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role
1	look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role
2	at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role
2	the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role
2	the list
2	of movies starring Ice-T in a major role
2	movies starring Ice-T in a major role
2	starring Ice-T in a major role
2	Ice-T in a major role
2	in a major role
2	a major role
2	major role
3	Neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest Attal and Gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .
2	Neither quite a comedy nor a romance
2	quite a comedy nor a romance
3	quite a comedy nor
3	quite a comedy
2	a comedy
2	a romance
3	, more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest Attal and Gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .
3	more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest Attal and Gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .
2	more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest Attal and Gainsbourg
2	of an impish divertissement of themes that interest Attal and Gainsbourg
2	an impish divertissement of themes that interest Attal and Gainsbourg
2	an impish divertissement
1	impish divertissement
2	of themes that interest Attal and Gainsbourg
3	themes that interest Attal and Gainsbourg
3	that interest Attal and Gainsbourg
2	interest Attal and Gainsbourg
2	Attal and Gainsbourg
2	Attal and
3	-- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .
2	-- they live together --
2	they live together --
2	they live together
3	live together
3	the film has a lot of charm .
2	the film
4	has a lot of charm .
3	has a lot of charm
3	a lot of charm
2	a lot
3	of charm
4	First and foremost ... the reason to go see `` Blue Crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings .
2	First and foremost
2	First and
4	... the reason to go see `` Blue Crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings .
3	the reason to go see `` Blue Crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings .
4	the reason to go see `` Blue Crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings
2	the reason to go
3	reason to go
2	to go
4	see `` Blue Crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings
4	`` Blue Crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings
4	Blue Crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings
2	Blue Crush
3	'' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings
4	is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings
4	the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings
3	the phenomenal , water-born cinematography
4	phenomenal , water-born cinematography
2	, water-born cinematography
2	water-born cinematography
2	by David Hennings
2	David Hennings
1	A visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .
2	A visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this
2	A visionary marvel , but
3	A visionary marvel ,
3	A visionary marvel
3	A visionary
2	it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this
1	's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this
1	lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this
1	lacking a depth
2	a depth
2	in storytelling usually found in anime like this
2	storytelling usually found in anime like this
2	usually found in anime like this
2	found in anime like this
2	in anime like this
2	anime like this
2	like this
4	The problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .
4	The problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart
3	The problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and
2	The problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving ,
3	The problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving
1	The problems and characters it reveals
2	The problems and characters
2	problems and characters
1	problems and
4	it reveals
3	are universal and involving
3	universal and involving
2	universal and
3	the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart
3	the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy
2	the film
3	itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy
4	itself -- as well its delightful cast --
3	-- as well its delightful cast --
3	as well its delightful cast --
3	as well its delightful cast
2	as well
4	its delightful cast
4	delightful cast
2	is so breezy
2	so breezy
4	, pretty and gifted , it really won my heart
4	pretty and gifted , it really won my heart
4	pretty and gifted
2	pretty and
4	, it really won my heart
4	it really won my heart
4	really won my heart
3	won my heart
2	my heart
3	In his latest effort , Storytelling , Solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good .
3	In his latest effort , Storytelling , Solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good
2	In his latest effort , Storytelling , Solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive --
2	In his latest effort , Storytelling , Solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive
2	In his latest effort , Storytelling
2	his latest effort , Storytelling
3	his latest effort ,
2	his latest effort
2	latest effort
2	, Solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive
2	Solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive
3	has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive
2	has finally
1	made a movie that is n't just offensive
1	a movie that is n't just offensive
2	a movie
2	that is n't just offensive
1	is n't just offensive
1	is n't
1	just offensive
3	it also happens to be good
3	also happens to be good
3	happens to be good
2	to be good
3	be good
2	How I Killed My Father would be a rarity in Hollywood .
2	How I Killed My Father
1	I Killed My Father
0	Killed My Father
2	My Father
2	would be a rarity in Hollywood .
3	would be a rarity in Hollywood
3	be a rarity in Hollywood
3	a rarity in Hollywood
3	a rarity
2	in Hollywood
2	It 's an actor 's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones .
3	's an actor 's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones .
3	's an actor 's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones
3	's an actor 's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters --
3	's an actor 's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters
3	an actor 's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters
2	an actor 's
2	actor 's
3	showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters
4	that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters
3	accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters
4	accomplishes its primary goal
2	its primary goal
2	primary goal
3	without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters
2	without the use of special effects
2	the use of special effects
2	the use
2	of special effects
2	special effects
3	, but rather by emphasizing the characters
2	but rather by emphasizing the characters
2	rather by emphasizing the characters
2	by emphasizing the characters
2	emphasizing the characters
2	the characters
2	including the supporting ones
2	the supporting ones
2	supporting ones
1	I just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie .
1	I just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie
2	I just saw this movie ...
2	I just saw this movie
2	just saw this movie
2	saw this movie
2	this movie
1	well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie
0	, it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie
1	it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie
1	's probably not accurate to call it a movie
2	's probably not
2	's probably
2	accurate to call it a movie
2	to call it a movie
2	call it a movie
2	call it
2	a movie
3	What 's most memorable about Circuit is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb .
3	What 's most memorable about Circuit
3	's most memorable about Circuit
2	most memorable about Circuit
4	most memorable
2	about Circuit
3	is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb .
3	is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
3	that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
3	it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
3	's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
3	shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
4	on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
2	digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
2	digital video ,
2	digital video
2	whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
3	tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
2	tiny camera
3	enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
4	Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
2	to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
3	navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
3	spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
3	both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
2	large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
2	large ... and
2	large ...
3	small ... with considerable aplomb
1	small ...
3	with considerable aplomb
3	considerable aplomb
4	Scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar .
2	Scherfig , the writer-director ,
3	Scherfig , the writer-director
2	Scherfig ,
2	the writer-director
4	has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar .
4	has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar
4	made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar
4	a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar
2	a film
4	so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar
3	so unabashedly hopeful
3	unabashedly hopeful
4	that it actually makes the heart soar
4	it actually makes the heart soar
4	actually makes the heart soar
4	makes the heart soar
3	the heart soar
2	the heart
3	Yes , soar .
3	, soar .
3	soar .
4	A delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a Copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them .
3	A delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a Copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life
4	A delicious and delicately funny look
3	delicious and delicately funny look
3	delicious and delicately
3	delicious and
3	funny look
3	at the residents of a Copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life
2	the residents of a Copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life
2	the residents
1	of a Copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life
3	a Copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life
2	a Copenhagen neighborhood
2	Copenhagen neighborhood
2	coping with the befuddling complications life
2	with the befuddling complications life
2	the befuddling complications life
2	befuddling complications life
2	complications life
2	tosses at them .
2	tosses at them
2	at them
2	`` What really happened ? ''
2	What really happened ? ''
2	really happened ? ''
2	really happened ?
2	really happened
1	is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
3	is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do
2	a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do
1	a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ;
1	a question for philosophers , not filmmakers
2	a question
1	for philosophers , not filmmakers
1	philosophers , not filmmakers
1	philosophers , not
2	philosophers ,
3	all the filmmakers need to do
2	all the filmmakers
2	the filmmakers
2	need to do
2	to do
2	is engage an audience .
3	is engage an audience
4	engage an audience
2	an audience
4	Soderbergh , like Kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
3	, like Kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
3	like Kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
2	like Kubrick before him
2	Kubrick before him
2	before him
3	, may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
3	may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
3	may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit
2	may not touch the planet 's skin , but
2	may not touch the planet 's skin ,
2	may not touch the planet 's skin
1	may not
2	touch the planet 's skin
2	the planet 's skin
2	the planet 's
2	planet 's
3	understands the workings of its spirit
2	the workings of its spirit
2	the workings
3	of its spirit
2	its spirit
3	Much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of Don King , Sonny Miller , and Michael Stewart .
3	Much credit
1	must be given to the water-camera operating team of Don King , Sonny Miller , and Michael Stewart .
2	must be given to the water-camera operating team of Don King , Sonny Miller , and Michael Stewart
2	be given to the water-camera operating team of Don King , Sonny Miller , and Michael Stewart
2	given to the water-camera operating team of Don King , Sonny Miller , and Michael Stewart
2	to the water-camera operating team of Don King , Sonny Miller , and Michael Stewart
2	the water-camera operating team of Don King , Sonny Miller , and Michael Stewart
2	the water-camera operating team
2	water-camera operating team
2	operating team
2	of Don King , Sonny Miller , and Michael Stewart
2	Don King , Sonny Miller , and Michael Stewart
2	Don King , Sonny Miller , and
2	Don King , Sonny Miller ,
2	Don King , Sonny Miller
2	Don King ,
2	Don King
2	Sonny Miller
2	Michael Stewart
4	Their work is fantastic .
2	Their work
4	is fantastic .
3	is fantastic
3	Crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .
3	is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .
3	is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half
3	is so warm and fuzzy
4	so warm and fuzzy
3	warm and fuzzy
2	warm and
2	you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half
2	might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half
2	be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half
3	able to forgive its mean-spirited second half
2	to forgive its mean-spirited second half
1	forgive its mean-spirited second half
1	its mean-spirited second half
1	mean-spirited second half
2	second half
0	Franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance SONNY needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
1	Franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance SONNY needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic
3	Franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but
4	Franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler ,
4	Franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler
3	is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler
2	an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler
3	an excellent choice
3	excellent choice
2	for the walled-off but combustible hustler
2	the walled-off but combustible hustler
2	walled-off but combustible hustler
2	walled-off but combustible
2	walled-off but
1	he does not give the transcendent performance SONNY needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic
2	does not give the transcendent performance SONNY needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic
2	does not
2	give the transcendent performance SONNY needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic
3	give the transcendent performance
4	the transcendent performance
3	transcendent performance
0	SONNY needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic
1	needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic
1	to overcome gaps in character development and story logic
2	overcome gaps in character development and story logic
2	overcome gaps
2	in character development and story logic
2	character development and story logic
2	character development and
2	character development
2	story logic
3	Tsai Ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , What Time Is It There ?
3	Tsai Ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film
4	Ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film
2	Ming-liang 's
3	witty , wistful new film
3	, wistful new film
3	wistful new film
2	new film
2	, What Time Is It There ?
2	What Time Is It There ?
2	What Time
2	Is It There ?
2	Is It There
2	Is It
3	, is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .
1	is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .
2	a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .
3	a temporal inquiry
2	temporal inquiry
2	that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .
2	shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .
2	shoulders its philosophical burden
2	its philosophical burden
2	philosophical burden
2	lightly .
2	The Pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List .
2	The Pianist
2	lacks the quick emotional connections of Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List .
1	lacks the quick emotional connections of Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List
3	the quick emotional connections of Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List
2	the quick emotional connections
2	quick emotional connections
3	emotional connections
3	of Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List
2	Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List
2	Steven Spielberg 's
2	Spielberg 's
2	Schindler 's List
3	Schindler 's
4	But Mr. Polanski creates images even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic .
3	Mr. Polanski creates images even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic .
2	Mr. Polanski
3	creates images even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic .
3	creates images even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic
3	images even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic
4	even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic
2	even more
2	haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic
2	than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic
2	those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic
3	in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic
3	Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic
2	Mr. Spielberg 's
2	Spielberg 's
3	1993 classic
4	Steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .
2	Steers , in his feature film debut ,
2	Steers , in his feature film debut
2	Steers ,
2	in his feature film debut
2	his feature film debut
2	feature film debut
2	film debut
4	has created a brilliant motion picture .
4	has created a brilliant motion picture
4	created a brilliant motion picture
4	a brilliant motion picture
4	brilliant motion picture
2	motion picture
3	A brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .
4	A brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium
4	A brilliant , absurd collection
2	brilliant , absurd collection
1	, absurd collection
1	absurd collection
2	of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium
2	vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium
3	that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium
2	, in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium
3	in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium
2	in their own idiosyncratic way
2	their own idiosyncratic way
3	own idiosyncratic way
2	idiosyncratic way
3	, sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium
2	sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium
2	sum up the strange horror of life
2	sum up
0	the strange horror of life
1	the strange horror
2	strange horror
2	of life
2	in the new millennium
2	the new millennium
2	new millennium
4	As warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
4	As warm as it is wise
3	warm as it is wise
2	as it is wise
3	it is wise
3	is wise
3	, deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
3	deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
2	deftly setting off
3	setting off
3	uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
4	uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated
3	uproarious humor
3	with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated
3	an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated
2	an underlying seriousness
2	underlying seriousness
3	that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated
4	sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated
2	sneaks up on the viewer ,
3	sneaks up on the viewer
2	sneaks up
2	on the viewer
2	the viewer
3	providing an experience that is richer than anticipated
4	an experience that is richer than anticipated
2	an experience
3	that is richer than anticipated
3	is richer than anticipated
2	richer than anticipated
2	than anticipated
2	The film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures , but it still manages to get a few punches in .
3	The film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures , but it still manages to get a few punches in
1	The film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures , but
1	The film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures ,
1	The film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures
2	The film
2	may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures
1	may not
2	hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures
2	hit as hard
2	as hard
3	as some of the better drug-related pictures
3	some of the better drug-related pictures
3	of the better drug-related pictures
2	the better drug-related pictures
2	better drug-related pictures
2	drug-related pictures
3	it still manages to get a few punches in
3	still manages to get a few punches in
2	manages to get a few punches in
2	to get a few punches in
2	get a few punches in
2	get a few punches
3	a few punches
2	few punches
3	Old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .
3	Old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment
4	but thoroughly satisfying entertainment
4	thoroughly satisfying entertainment
4	thoroughly satisfying
4	An energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching -LRB- or turntablism -RRB- in particular .
3	An energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching -LRB- or turntablism -RRB- in particular
3	An energizing ,
3	An energizing
3	intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching -LRB- or turntablism -RRB- in particular
3	intoxicating documentary
3	charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching -LRB- or turntablism -RRB- in particular
2	the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching -LRB- or turntablism -RRB- in particular
2	the rise
2	of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching -LRB- or turntablism -RRB- in particular
2	hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching -LRB- or turntablism -RRB- in particular
2	hip-hop culture in general and
2	hip-hop culture in general
2	hip-hop culture
2	in general
2	the art of scratching -LRB- or turntablism -RRB- in particular
2	the art
2	of scratching -LRB- or turntablism -RRB- in particular
2	scratching -LRB- or turntablism -RRB- in particular
2	-LRB- or turntablism -RRB- in particular
2	-LRB- or turntablism -RRB-
2	or turntablism -RRB-
2	or turntablism
2	in particular
4	A fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , ` It 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '
4	A fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh
3	A fun family movie
2	fun family movie
3	family movie
4	that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh
3	's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh
3	suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh
3	for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh
4	all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh
2	all ages --
2	all ages
3	a movie that will make you laugh
2	a movie
2	that will make you laugh
3	will make you laugh
3	make you laugh
3	you laugh
3	, cry and realize , ` It 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '
1	, cry and realize ,
2	cry and realize ,
2	cry and realize
2	cry and
2	` It 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '
3	It 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '
2	's never too late to believe in your dreams . '
3	's never too late to believe in your dreams .
2	's never too late to believe in your dreams
2	's never too late
2	's never
1	too late
3	to believe in your dreams
2	believe in your dreams
2	in your dreams
2	your dreams
3	If you open yourself up to Mr. Reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
2	If you open yourself up to Mr. Reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set
3	you open yourself up to Mr. Reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set
3	open yourself up to Mr. Reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set
2	open yourself up
2	open yourself
2	to Mr. Reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set
2	Mr. Reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set
2	Mr. Reggio 's theory
2	Mr. Reggio 's
3	Reggio 's
2	of this imagery as the movie 's set
2	this imagery as the movie 's set
2	this imagery
2	as the movie 's set
3	the movie 's set
2	the movie 's
2	movie 's
2	... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
3	it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
3	can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
3	can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change
4	impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change
2	an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change
2	an almost visceral sense
2	almost visceral sense
2	almost visceral
2	of dislocation and change
2	dislocation and change
2	dislocation and
4	I had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was Earnest .
2	I had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was Earnest
3	I had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and
1	I had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop ,
3	I had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
2	had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
2	had a dream
3	a dream
2	that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
3	a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
3	a smart comedy
3	smart comedy
2	would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
2	come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
2	come along
3	to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
1	rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
2	rescue me
1	from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
1	a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
3	a summer
1	of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
1	teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
2	, toilet-humor codswallop
1	toilet-humor codswallop
2	its name was Earnest
2	its name
2	was Earnest
3	Even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks , it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .
1	Even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks
2	though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks
1	the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks
2	the film
1	does n't manage to hit all of its marks
1	does n't
4	manage to hit all of its marks
3	to hit all of its marks
2	hit all of its marks
2	all of its marks
3	of its marks
2	its marks
3	, it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .
3	it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .
3	's still entertaining to watch the target practice .
3	's still entertaining to watch the target practice
2	's still
3	entertaining to watch the target practice
2	to watch the target practice
2	watch the target practice
2	the target practice
3	target practice
1	Where This was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , That is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
3	Where This was lazy but enjoyable
3	This was lazy but enjoyable
3	was lazy but enjoyable
3	lazy but enjoyable
2	lazy but
1	, a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , That is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
3	, a formula comedy redeemed by its stars ,
3	a formula comedy redeemed by its stars ,
3	a formula comedy redeemed by its stars
1	a formula comedy
2	formula comedy
3	redeemed by its stars
2	by its stars
2	its stars
0	That is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
1	is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
0	is even lazier and far less enjoyable
1	even lazier and far less enjoyable
1	even lazier and
1	even lazier
1	far less enjoyable
1	less enjoyable
4	The 3-D vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .
3	The 3-D vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe ,
3	The 3-D vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe
2	The 3-D vistas from orbit ,
3	The 3-D vistas from orbit
2	The 3-D vistas
2	3-D vistas
2	from orbit
2	with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe
2	the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe
2	the space station
2	space station
2	suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe
2	suspended like a huge set of wind chimes
2	like a huge set of wind chimes
2	a huge set of wind chimes
2	a huge set
2	huge set
2	of wind chimes
3	wind chimes
2	over the great blue globe
2	the great blue globe
2	great blue globe
2	blue globe
4	are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .
4	are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry
3	stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry
4	of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry
4	breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry
3	, awe-inspiring visual poetry
4	awe-inspiring visual poetry
3	visual poetry
3	The attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .
2	The attraction between these two marginal characters
2	The attraction
1	between these two marginal characters
2	these two marginal characters
2	two marginal characters
1	marginal characters
4	is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .
4	is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way
3	complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way
4	from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way
3	the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way
3	the start -- and , refreshingly ,
2	the start -- and
2	the start --
2	the start
3	, refreshingly ,
3	refreshingly ,
2	stays that way
2	that way
3	Fans of the modern day Hong Kong action film finally have the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow and The Killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
2	Fans of the modern day Hong Kong action film
2	of the modern day Hong Kong action film
2	the modern day Hong Kong action film
3	the modern day
2	modern day
2	Hong Kong action film
2	Kong action film
2	action film
3	finally have the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow and The Killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
3	have the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow and The Killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
4	have the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow and The Killer which they have been patiently waiting for
3	the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow and The Killer which they have been patiently waiting for
3	the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow and
3	the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow
3	the worthy successor
3	worthy successor
3	to A Better Tomorrow
2	A Better Tomorrow
2	Better Tomorrow
2	The Killer which they have been patiently waiting for
2	The Killer
3	which they have been patiently waiting for
4	they have been patiently waiting for
2	have been patiently waiting for
2	been patiently waiting for
2	patiently waiting for
2	waiting for
3	Even when he 's not at his most critically insightful , Godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
3	Even when he 's not at his most critically insightful
2	when he 's not at his most critically insightful
2	he 's not at his most critically insightful
2	's not at his most critically insightful
2	's not
3	at his most critically insightful
3	his most critically insightful
2	his most
3	critically insightful
4	, Godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
4	Godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
3	can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
3	can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work
2	can still
2	be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work
1	be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still
3	smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still
2	than any 50 other filmmakers still
2	than any 50 other filmmakers
2	any 50 other filmmakers
2	50 other filmmakers
2	other filmmakers
2	at work
3	What sets this romantic comedy apart from most Hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material .
2	What sets this romantic comedy apart from most Hollywood romantic comedies
3	sets this romantic comedy apart from most Hollywood romantic comedies
3	sets this romantic comedy apart
2	sets this romantic comedy
3	this romantic comedy
2	romantic comedy
2	from most Hollywood romantic comedies
1	most Hollywood romantic comedies
2	Hollywood romantic comedies
2	romantic comedies
2	is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material .
1	is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material
2	its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material
2	its low-key way
2	low-key way
2	of tackling what seems like done-to-death material
1	tackling what seems like done-to-death material
2	what seems like done-to-death material
2	seems like done-to-death material
1	like done-to-death material
0	done-to-death material
3	Has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested .
3	Has enough wit
2	enough wit
3	, energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested .
3	energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested .
3	energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they
3	energy and geniality
2	energy and
2	to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they
2	please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they
1	please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and
4	please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject
2	not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject
2	not only
2	the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject
2	the fanatical adherents on either side , but also
2	the fanatical adherents on either side ,
2	the fanatical adherents on either side
2	the fanatical adherents
2	fanatical adherents
2	on either side
2	either side
2	but also
2	people who know nothing about the subject
1	who know nothing about the subject
2	know nothing about the subject
2	nothing about the subject
2	about the subject
2	the subject
1	think they
2	're not interested .
2	're not interested
2	're not
3	This seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done .
3	This seductive tease of a thriller
3	This seductive tease
2	seductive tease
2	of a thriller
3	a thriller
3	gets the job done .
3	gets the job done
2	the job done
2	the job
3	It 's a scorcher .
3	's a scorcher .
3	's a scorcher
2	a scorcher
4	Bittersweet comedy\/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable Italian guys .
3	Bittersweet comedy\/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some
2	Bittersweet comedy\/drama
3	full of life , hand gestures , and some
2	of life , hand gestures , and some
2	life , hand gestures , and some
1	life , hand gestures , and
3	life , hand gestures ,
2	life , hand gestures
3	life ,
2	hand gestures
3	really adorable Italian guys .
3	adorable Italian guys .
3	adorable Italian guys
2	Italian guys
4	Works as pretty contagious fun .
3	Works as pretty contagious fun
3	as pretty contagious fun
3	pretty contagious fun
2	pretty contagious
4	The best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and Bertrand Tavernier 's oft-brilliant Safe Conduct -LRB- `` Laissez-passer '' -RRB- wears its heart on its sleeve .
4	The best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and Bertrand Tavernier 's oft-brilliant Safe Conduct -LRB- `` Laissez-passer '' -RRB- wears its heart on its sleeve
2	The best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and
3	The best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism ,
2	The best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism
3	The best didacticism
3	best didacticism
3	is one carried by a strong sense of humanism
3	one carried by a strong sense of humanism
3	carried by a strong sense of humanism
2	by a strong sense of humanism
3	a strong sense of humanism
2	a strong sense
2	strong sense
2	of humanism
3	Bertrand Tavernier 's oft-brilliant Safe Conduct -LRB- `` Laissez-passer '' -RRB- wears its heart on its sleeve
3	Bertrand Tavernier 's oft-brilliant Safe Conduct -LRB- `` Laissez-passer '' -RRB-
3	Bertrand Tavernier 's
2	Tavernier 's
3	oft-brilliant Safe Conduct -LRB- `` Laissez-passer '' -RRB-
2	Safe Conduct -LRB- `` Laissez-passer '' -RRB-
2	Conduct -LRB- `` Laissez-passer '' -RRB-
1	-LRB- `` Laissez-passer '' -RRB-
2	`` Laissez-passer '' -RRB-
2	Laissez-passer '' -RRB-
2	Laissez-passer ''
2	wears its heart on its sleeve
3	wears its heart
3	its heart
2	on its sleeve
2	its sleeve
3	A realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales .
3	A realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales
3	A realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch
3	A realistically terrifying movie
3	realistically terrifying movie
2	terrifying movie
1	that puts another notch
2	that puts
2	another notch
2	in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales
2	the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales
2	the belt
1	of the long list of renegade-cop tales
1	the long list of renegade-cop tales
2	the long list
2	long list
3	of renegade-cop tales
2	renegade-cop tales
3	A charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface .
4	A charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface
4	A charming , banter-filled comedy ...
3	A charming , banter-filled comedy
4	charming , banter-filled comedy
3	, banter-filled comedy
3	banter-filled comedy
2	one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface
3	of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface
2	those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface
2	those airy cinematic bon bons
3	airy cinematic bon bons
3	cinematic bon bons
2	bon bons
2	whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface
3	whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments --
2	whose aims
2	-- and by extension , accomplishments --
2	-- and by extension , accomplishments
2	-- and
3	by extension , accomplishments
2	extension , accomplishments
2	extension ,
2	seem deceptively slight on the surface
1	seem deceptively slight
2	deceptively slight
2	on the surface
2	the surface
4	A film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .
3	A film with almost as many
2	A film
2	with almost as many
2	almost as many
2	as many
2	delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .
3	delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers
3	delights for adults
2	for adults
2	as there are for children and dog lovers
3	there are for children and dog lovers
3	are for children and dog lovers
2	for children and dog lovers
2	children and dog lovers
3	and dog lovers
2	dog lovers
4	Serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that The Road to Perdition leads to a satisfying destination .
3	Serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey
2	Serious movie-goers
2	embarking upon this journey
2	upon this journey
2	this journey
4	will find that The Road to Perdition leads to a satisfying destination .
3	will find that The Road to Perdition leads to a satisfying destination
3	find that The Road to Perdition leads to a satisfying destination
3	that The Road to Perdition leads to a satisfying destination
3	The Road to Perdition leads to a satisfying destination
3	The Road to Perdition
3	The Road
2	to Perdition
3	leads to a satisfying destination
3	to a satisfying destination
4	a satisfying destination
3	satisfying destination
3	Heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .
4	Heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart
3	Heartwarming and
4	gently comic even as the film breaks your heart
2	comic even as the film breaks your heart
2	even as the film breaks your heart
3	as the film breaks your heart
2	the film breaks your heart
2	the film
3	breaks your heart
2	your heart
3	Caruso sometimes descends into sub-Tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty .
3	Caruso sometimes descends into sub-Tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty
2	Caruso sometimes descends into sub-Tarantino cuteness ... but
2	Caruso sometimes descends into sub-Tarantino cuteness ...
2	Caruso sometimes descends into sub-Tarantino cuteness
3	sometimes descends into sub-Tarantino cuteness
1	descends into sub-Tarantino cuteness
3	into sub-Tarantino cuteness
2	sub-Tarantino cuteness
3	for the most part he makes sure The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty
2	for the most part
2	the most part
2	most part
3	he makes sure The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty
3	makes sure The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty
3	makes sure The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should ,
3	makes sure The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should
2	sure The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should
3	The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should
2	The Salton Sea
2	Salton Sea
3	works the way a good noir should
3	the way a good noir should
2	the way
2	a good noir should
3	a good noir
3	good noir
2	keeping it tight and nasty
3	it tight and nasty
3	tight and nasty
2	tight and
2	A `` black Austin Powers ? ''
2	A `` black Austin
2	`` black Austin
1	black Austin
2	Powers ? ''
2	Powers ?
2	I prefer to think of it as `` Pootie Tang with a budget . ''
2	prefer to think of it as `` Pootie Tang with a budget . ''
2	prefer to think of it as `` Pootie Tang with a budget .
2	prefer to think of it as `` Pootie Tang with a budget
2	to think of it as `` Pootie Tang with a budget
2	think of it as `` Pootie Tang with a budget
2	think of it
2	of it
2	as `` Pootie Tang with a budget
2	as ``
1	Pootie Tang with a budget
2	Pootie Tang
2	with a budget
2	a budget
2	Sa da TAY !
2	da TAY !
2	TAY !
3	Oddly , the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .
3	, the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .
3	the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .
2	the film
3	is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .
3	is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
2	is n't nearly as downbeat
1	is n't
2	nearly as downbeat
2	as downbeat
3	as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
3	it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
3	sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
2	sounds , but
2	sounds ,
3	strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
3	a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
2	a tone
3	that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
2	's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
4	alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
2	alternately melancholic , hopeful and
3	alternately melancholic , hopeful
2	alternately melancholic ,
2	alternately melancholic
3	strangely funny
2	I would be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation , but that should n't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable .
2	would be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation , but that should n't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable .
2	would be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation , but that should n't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable
3	be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation , but that should n't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable
3	shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation , but that should n't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable
2	if there was actually one correct interpretation , but that should n't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable
2	if there was actually one correct interpretation , but
2	if there was actually one correct interpretation ,
2	if there was actually one correct interpretation
2	there was actually one correct interpretation
2	was actually one correct interpretation
2	was actually
2	one correct interpretation
2	correct interpretation
3	that should n't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable
2	should n't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable
2	should n't
3	make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable
2	the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable
2	the movie or the discussion
2	the movie or
2	the movie
2	the discussion
1	any less enjoyable
1	less enjoyable
3	Chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing . '
2	brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing . '
2	brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing .
2	brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing
3	brings documentary-like credibility
3	documentary-like credibility
1	to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing
1	the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing
1	the horrors
1	of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing
1	the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing
1	the killing field and
2	the killing field
2	killing field
0	the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing
2	the barbarism
1	of ` ethnic cleansing
2	of `
1	ethnic cleansing
4	The best thing I can say about this film is that I ca n't wait to see what the director does next .
3	The best thing I can say about this film
3	The best thing
4	best thing
2	I can say about this film
2	can say about this film
2	say about this film
2	about this film
2	this film
3	is that I ca n't wait to see what the director does next .
4	is that I ca n't wait to see what the director does next
4	that I ca n't wait to see what the director does next
3	I ca n't wait to see what the director does next
3	ca n't wait to see what the director does next
2	ca n't
2	wait to see what the director does next
2	to see what the director does next
2	see what the director does next
2	what the director does next
2	the director does next
2	the director
2	does next
3	Smarter than its commercials make it seem .
2	Smarter than its commercials
2	than its commercials
2	its commercials
2	make it seem .
2	make it seem
2	it seem
4	One of the funnier movies in town .
4	One of the funnier movies in town
4	One of the funnier movies
2	of the funnier movies
3	the funnier movies
2	funnier movies
2	in town
3	Campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over Rafael 's evolution .
4	Campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast
3	Campanella 's competent direction and
3	Campanella 's competent direction
2	Campanella 's
3	competent direction
3	his excellent cast
4	excellent cast
3	overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over Rafael 's evolution .
2	overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over Rafael 's evolution
1	the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over Rafael 's evolution
1	the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay
2	the obstacles
1	of a predictable outcome and a screenplay
1	a predictable outcome and a screenplay
1	a predictable outcome and
2	a predictable outcome
1	predictable outcome
2	a screenplay
2	that glosses over Rafael 's evolution
1	glosses over Rafael 's evolution
2	over Rafael 's evolution
2	Rafael 's evolution
2	Rafael 's
4	By turns very dark and very funny .
3	By turns very dark and very funny
4	turns very dark and very funny
3	very dark and very funny
2	very dark and
2	very dark
4	very funny
1	Steven Soderbergh does n't remake Andrei Tarkovsky 's Solaris so much as distill it .
2	Steven Soderbergh
1	does n't remake Andrei Tarkovsky 's Solaris so much as distill it .
2	does n't remake Andrei Tarkovsky 's Solaris so much as distill it
1	does n't
1	remake Andrei Tarkovsky 's Solaris so much as distill it
2	remake Andrei Tarkovsky 's Solaris
2	Andrei Tarkovsky 's Solaris
2	Andrei Tarkovsky 's
2	Tarkovsky 's
2	so much as distill it
2	so much
2	as distill it
2	distill it
3	For more than two decades Mr. Nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .
2	For more than two decades
2	more than two decades
2	more than two
2	than two
4	Mr. Nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .
2	Mr. Nachtwey
2	has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .
3	has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
3	traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
3	to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
2	places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
4	in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
3	the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
2	the world
3	devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
1	devastated by war , famine and poverty and
2	devastated by war , famine and poverty
2	by war , famine and poverty
2	war , famine and poverty
2	, famine and poverty
2	famine and poverty
2	famine and
4	documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
3	the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
1	the cruelty and suffering
1	cruelty and suffering
2	cruelty and
3	he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
3	has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
3	found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
2	with an devastating , eloquent clarity
2	an devastating , eloquent clarity
3	devastating , eloquent clarity
2	, eloquent clarity
4	eloquent clarity
2	Simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad .
4	Simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad
4	Simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and
3	Simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful
4	heartbreakingly beautiful
2	exquisitely sad
3	Though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of Brown 's life .
3	Though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal
4	overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal
3	an overwhelmingly positive portrayal
4	overwhelmingly positive portrayal
2	overwhelmingly positive
2	, the film does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of Brown 's life .
3	the film does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of Brown 's life .
2	the film
3	does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of Brown 's life .
2	does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of Brown 's life
1	does n't
2	ignore the more problematic aspects of Brown 's life
2	the more problematic aspects of Brown 's life
1	the more problematic aspects
1	more problematic aspects
2	more problematic
2	of Brown 's life
2	Brown 's life
2	Brown 's
2	The philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film 's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable .
3	The philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film 's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable
1	The philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film 's action
1	The philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics
2	The philosophical musings of the dialogue jar
2	The philosophical musings
3	philosophical musings
2	of the dialogue jar
2	the dialogue jar
2	dialogue jar
2	against the tawdry soap opera antics
2	the tawdry soap opera antics
1	tawdry soap opera antics
2	soap opera antics
2	opera antics
2	of the film 's action
3	the film 's action
2	the film 's
2	film 's
4	in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable
4	a way that is surprisingly enjoyable
2	a way
4	that is surprisingly enjoyable
4	is surprisingly enjoyable
4	surprisingly enjoyable
3	Not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .
4	Not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet
4	too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet
2	too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but
2	too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy ,
2	too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy
2	too fancy , not too filling ,
1	too fancy , not too filling
2	too fancy ,
1	too fancy
1	not too filling
2	too filling
2	not too fluffy
1	too fluffy
4	definitely tasty and sweet
4	tasty and sweet
3	tasty and
4	Director Lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve .
3	Director Lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve
2	Director Lee has a true cinematic knack , but
3	Director Lee has a true cinematic knack ,
4	Director Lee has a true cinematic knack
2	Director Lee
3	has a true cinematic knack
3	a true cinematic knack
3	true cinematic knack
3	cinematic knack
4	it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve
4	's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve
3	's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly
3	's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly ,
3	's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly
3	's also nice to see a movie with its heart
3	's also nice
3	also nice
3	to see a movie with its heart
3	see a movie with its heart
3	see a movie
2	a movie
2	with its heart
3	its heart
2	so thoroughly
2	on its sleeve
2	its sleeve
2	As Allen 's execution date closes in , the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator David Presson .
2	As Allen 's execution date closes in
2	Allen 's execution date closes in
2	Allen 's execution date
2	Allen 's
2	execution date
2	closes in
3	, the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator David Presson .
4	the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator David Presson .
2	the documentary
3	gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator David Presson .
4	gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator David Presson
3	gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship
3	an especially poignant portrait of her friendship
3	an especially poignant portrait
3	especially poignant portrait
3	poignant portrait
2	of her friendship
2	her friendship
2	with the never flagging legal investigator David Presson
2	the never flagging legal investigator David Presson
2	the never flagging legal investigator
2	never flagging legal investigator
2	never flagging
2	legal investigator
2	David Presson
4	Jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
4	has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
3	has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers
4	tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers
3	tackled a meaty subject and
3	tackled a meaty subject
3	a meaty subject
3	meaty subject
3	drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers
4	drawn engaging characters
3	engaging characters
3	while peppering the pages with memorable zingers
3	peppering the pages with memorable zingers
2	peppering the pages
2	the pages
3	with memorable zingers
3	memorable zingers
3	A vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .
4	A vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from
3	A vivid , spicy footnote to history , and
3	A vivid , spicy footnote to history ,
2	A vivid , spicy footnote to history
3	A vivid , spicy footnote
4	vivid , spicy footnote
3	, spicy footnote
3	spicy footnote
2	to history
4	a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from
2	a movie
4	that grips and holds you in rapt attention from
4	grips and holds you in rapt attention from
2	grips and
3	holds you in rapt attention from
3	holds you in rapt attention
3	holds you
3	in rapt attention
2	rapt attention
2	start to finish .
2	start to finish
2	to finish
3	If S&M seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's -LRB- and its makers ' -RRB- credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves .
3	If S&M seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's -LRB- and its makers ' -RRB- credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves
2	If S&M seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but
2	If S&M seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is ,
2	If S&M seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is
2	If S&M seems like a strange route to true love
2	S&M seems like a strange route to true love
2	seems like a strange route to true love
2	seems like a strange route
2	like a strange route
2	a strange route
2	strange route
2	to true love
4	true love
2	, maybe it is
2	maybe it is
3	it is
2	it 's to this film 's -LRB- and its makers ' -RRB- credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves
3	's to this film 's -LRB- and its makers ' -RRB- credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves
2	's to this film 's -LRB- and its makers ' -RRB-
2	to this film 's -LRB- and its makers ' -RRB-
2	to this film 's
2	this film 's
2	film 's
2	-LRB- and its makers ' -RRB-
2	and its makers ' -RRB-
2	and its makers '
2	its makers '
2	makers '
2	credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves
2	credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and
2	credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other --
2	credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other
3	that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other
2	we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other
2	believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other
3	that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other
4	that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other
3	's exactly what these two people need to find each other
2	exactly what these two people need to find each other
2	exactly what
2	these two people need to find each other
2	these two people
2	two people
2	need to find each other
2	to find each other
2	find each other
2	each other
3	If the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
2	If the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying
1	the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying
2	the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion
2	the film 's vision
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	of sport as a secular religion
2	sport as a secular religion
2	as a secular religion
2	a secular religion
2	secular religion
2	is a bit cloying
2	a bit cloying
2	a bit
3	, its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
3	its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
2	its through-line of family and community
2	its through-line
2	of family and community
3	family and community
2	family and
3	is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
3	is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start
3	heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start
3	heartening in the same way
2	in the same way
2	the same way
2	same way
2	that each season marks a new start
2	each season marks a new start
2	each season
2	marks a new start
2	a new start
2	new start
3	One of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .
4	One of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect
4	One of the best of a growing strain of daring films ...
3	One of the best of a growing strain of daring films
3	of the best of a growing strain of daring films
4	the best of a growing strain of daring films
4	the best
3	of a growing strain of daring films
2	a growing strain of daring films
2	a growing strain
3	growing strain
3	of daring films
2	daring films
2	that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect
3	argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect
2	that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect
3	any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect
3	any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants
2	any sexual relationship
3	sexual relationship
2	that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants
3	does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants
1	does n't
2	hurt anyone and works for its participants
2	hurt anyone and works
2	anyone and works
2	anyone and
2	for its participants
2	its participants
3	is a relationship that is worthy of our respect
3	a relationship that is worthy of our respect
2	a relationship
3	that is worthy of our respect
2	is worthy of our respect
3	worthy of our respect
3	of our respect
3	our respect
3	... an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .
4	an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .
4	an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle
3	an adorably whimsical comedy
4	adorably whimsical comedy
3	whimsical comedy
3	that deserves more than a passing twinkle
3	deserves more than a passing twinkle
2	deserves more
2	than a passing twinkle
3	a passing twinkle
1	passing twinkle
4	An engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .
2	An engrossing story that
3	An engrossing story
4	engrossing story
3	combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .
4	combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller
2	psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller
2	psychological drama , sociological reflection , and
2	psychological drama , sociological reflection ,
2	psychological drama , sociological reflection
2	psychological drama ,
2	psychological drama
2	sociological reflection
4	high-octane thriller
2	It 's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs , but Westbrook 's foundation and Dalrymple 's film earn their uplift .
3	It 's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs , but Westbrook 's foundation and Dalrymple 's film earn their uplift
2	It 's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs , but
2	It 's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs ,
2	It 's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs
3	's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs
3	easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs
2	to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs
2	be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs
2	cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs
3	about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs
3	documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs
3	in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs
2	in which
3	underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs
3	beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs
3	the odds and the human spirit triumphs
2	the odds and
2	the odds
3	the human spirit triumphs
2	human spirit triumphs
3	spirit triumphs
4	Westbrook 's foundation and Dalrymple 's film earn their uplift
2	Westbrook 's foundation and Dalrymple 's film
2	Westbrook 's foundation and
2	Westbrook 's foundation
2	Westbrook 's
2	Dalrymple 's film
2	Dalrymple 's
3	earn their uplift
2	their uplift
3	Mel Gibson fights the good fight in Vietnam in director Randall Wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .
2	Mel Gibson
3	fights the good fight in Vietnam in director Randall Wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .
3	fights the good fight in Vietnam in director Randall Wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency
3	fights the good fight in Vietnam
2	the good fight in Vietnam
3	the good fight
3	good fight
2	in Vietnam
3	in director Randall Wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency
3	director Randall Wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency
2	director Randall Wallace 's flag-waving war flick
2	director Randall Wallace 's
2	Randall Wallace 's
2	Wallace 's
2	flag-waving war flick
2	war flick
3	with a core of decency
2	a core of decency
3	a core
2	of decency
3	There 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence .
3	There 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence
3	There 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and
4	There 's real visual charge to the filmmaking ,
3	There 's real visual charge to the filmmaking
3	's real visual charge to the filmmaking
3	real visual charge to the filmmaking
3	real visual charge
2	visual charge
2	to the filmmaking
2	the filmmaking
3	a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence
2	a strong erotic
3	strong erotic
2	spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence
1	to the most crucial lip-reading sequence
2	the most crucial lip-reading sequence
2	most crucial lip-reading sequence
2	most crucial
2	lip-reading sequence
4	A brutal and funny work .
4	A brutal and funny
3	brutal and funny
1	brutal and
2	work .
3	Nicole Holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .
3	Nicole Holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully
2	Nicole Holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but
3	Nicole Holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly
4	Nicole Holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy
2	Nicole Holofcenter ,
2	Nicole Holofcenter
3	the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy
3	the insightful writer\/director
3	insightful writer\/director
3	responsible for this illuminating comedy
3	for this illuminating comedy
3	this illuminating comedy
3	illuminating comedy
1	does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly
1	does n't
3	wrap the proceedings up neatly
2	wrap the proceedings up
2	wrap the proceedings
2	the proceedings
4	the ideas tie together beautifully
2	the ideas
4	tie together beautifully
2	tie together
2	The film is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring Kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity .
2	The film
2	is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring Kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity .
2	is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring Kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity
2	a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring Kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity
2	a blunt indictment ,
2	a blunt indictment
2	blunt indictment
2	part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring Kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity
2	part of a perhaps surreal campaign
2	of a perhaps surreal campaign
2	a perhaps surreal campaign
2	perhaps surreal campaign
2	surreal campaign
2	to bring Kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity
2	bring Kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity
2	bring Kissinger
2	to trial for crimes against humanity
1	trial for crimes against humanity
3	for crimes against humanity
1	crimes against humanity
1	against humanity
4	One of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt doodled Steamboat Willie .
2	One of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt
3	of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt
3	the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt
3	the most important and exhilarating forms
3	most important and exhilarating forms
4	most important and exhilarating
4	important and exhilarating
2	important and
3	of animated filmmaking since old Walt
3	animated filmmaking since old Walt
2	animated filmmaking
2	since old Walt
2	old Walt
2	doodled Steamboat Willie .
2	doodled Steamboat Willie
2	Steamboat Willie
4	Move over Bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .
4	Move over Bond ; this girl deserves a sequel
3	Move over Bond ;
4	Move over Bond
2	over Bond
3	this girl deserves a sequel
3	this girl
4	deserves a sequel
2	a sequel
2	The kind of trifle that date nights were invented for . .
3	The kind of trifle that date nights were invented for .
2	The kind
2	of trifle that date nights were invented for .
2	trifle that date nights were invented for .
2	that date nights were invented for .
2	date nights were invented for .
2	date nights
2	were invented for .
2	invented for .
2	invented for
3	It 's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .
3	's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .
3	's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
3	's a testament to the film 's considerable charm
4	a testament to the film 's considerable charm
2	a testament
4	to the film 's considerable charm
4	the film 's considerable charm
2	the film 's
2	film 's
3	considerable charm
3	that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
3	it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
3	succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
3	succeeds in entertaining ,
4	succeeds in entertaining
3	in entertaining
1	despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
1	playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
2	playing out
1	like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
2	a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
2	a feature-length sitcom
2	feature-length sitcom
1	replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
2	with stereotypical familial quandaries
1	stereotypical familial quandaries
2	familial quandaries
3	There 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ...
4	There 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way
3	's a sheer unbridled delight in the way
4	a sheer unbridled delight in the way
4	a sheer unbridled delight
4	sheer unbridled delight
3	unbridled delight
2	in the way
2	the way
2	the story unfurls ...
2	the story
2	unfurls ...
2	Tells -LRB- the story -RRB- with such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plot 's persnickety problems is simply a matter of -LRB- being -RRB- in a shrugging mood .
2	Tells -LRB- the story -RRB- with such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plot 's persnickety problems
2	Tells -LRB- the story -RRB-
2	-LRB- the story -RRB-
2	the story -RRB-
2	the story
1	with such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plot 's persnickety problems
1	such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plot 's persnickety problems
2	such atmospheric ballast
2	atmospheric ballast
1	that shrugging off the plot 's persnickety problems
1	shrugging off the plot 's persnickety problems
2	shrugging off
2	the plot 's persnickety problems
2	the plot 's
2	plot 's
2	persnickety problems
1	is simply a matter of -LRB- being -RRB- in a shrugging mood .
2	is simply a matter of -LRB- being -RRB- in a shrugging mood
2	is simply
1	a matter of -LRB- being -RRB- in a shrugging mood
2	a matter
2	of -LRB- being -RRB- in a shrugging mood
2	-LRB- being -RRB- in a shrugging mood
2	-LRB- being -RRB-
2	being -RRB-
2	in a shrugging mood
2	a shrugging mood
2	shrugging mood
3	The film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .
2	The film
3	is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .
3	is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor
3	is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and
3	is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful ,
3	is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful
3	hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful
2	to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful
2	dismiss -- moody , thoughtful
1	dismiss -- moody ,
1	dismiss -- moody
1	dismiss --
2	lit by flashes of mordant humor
3	by flashes of mordant humor
3	flashes of mordant humor
2	of mordant humor
2	mordant humor
3	If The Man from Elysian Fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .
3	If The Man from Elysian Fields is doomed by its smallness
1	The Man from Elysian Fields is doomed by its smallness
2	The Man from Elysian Fields
2	The Man
2	from Elysian Fields
2	Elysian Fields
0	is doomed by its smallness
1	doomed by its smallness
1	by its smallness
3	its smallness
3	, it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .
3	it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .
3	is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .
3	is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out
3	is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie
2	is also
3	elevated by it -- the kind of movie
3	by it -- the kind of movie
2	it -- the kind of movie
3	it --
2	the kind of movie
2	the kind
2	of movie
3	that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out
3	you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out
3	enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out
3	more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out
3	because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out
2	you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out
2	're one of the lucky few who sought it out
3	one of the lucky few who sought it out
2	one of the lucky few
2	of the lucky few
2	the lucky few
2	lucky few
2	who sought it out
2	sought it out
2	sought it
3	What emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .
2	What emerges
3	is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .
2	is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice
2	an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice
1	an unsettling picture
2	unsettling picture
1	of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice
3	childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice
3	childhood innocence
1	combined with indoctrinated prejudice
1	with indoctrinated prejudice
1	indoctrinated prejudice
3	Promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish .
2	is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish .
3	is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish
3	a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish
4	a compelling piece
4	compelling piece
2	that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish
2	demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish
2	just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish
3	just how well
2	how well
2	children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish
2	can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish
2	be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish
1	trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish
1	to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish
2	live out and carry on their parents ' anguish
2	live out and
2	live out
1	carry on their parents ' anguish
1	on their parents ' anguish
1	their parents ' anguish
2	their parents '
2	parents '
3	Meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .
3	uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .
2	uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment
2	a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment
2	a trail
1	of outrageous force and craven concealment
2	outrageous force and craven concealment
2	force and craven concealment
2	and craven concealment
2	craven concealment
3	Hey , Happy !
2	Hey ,
3	Happy !
3	is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a love story as sanguine as its title .
2	is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all
1	is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia --
2	many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia --
2	many things
1	-- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia --
2	stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia --
2	stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia
2	stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction ,
1	stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction
2	stoner midnight flick ,
2	stoner midnight flick
2	midnight flick
2	sci-fi deconstruction
2	gay fantasia
2	but above all
3	above all
2	it 's a love story as sanguine as its title .
2	's a love story as sanguine as its title .
3	's a love story as sanguine as its title
3	a love story as sanguine as its title
1	a love story as sanguine
2	a love story
2	love story
2	as sanguine
2	as its title
2	its title
2	You wo n't look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again .
3	wo n't look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again .
2	wo n't look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again
2	wo n't
3	look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again
2	look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way
2	at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way
2	religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way
3	religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds --
2	religious fanatics
2	-- or backyard sheds --
2	-- or backyard sheds
2	-- or
2	backyard sheds
2	the same way
2	same way
2	At its best ... Festival in Cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in Cannes .
3	At its best
3	its best
3	... Festival in Cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in Cannes .
3	Festival in Cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in Cannes .
2	Festival in Cannes
2	in Cannes
3	bubbles with the excitement of the festival in Cannes .
3	bubbles with the excitement of the festival in Cannes
3	with the excitement of the festival in Cannes
2	the excitement of the festival in Cannes
3	the excitement
3	of the festival in Cannes
2	the festival in Cannes
2	the festival
2	in Cannes
3	There is a general air of exuberance in All About The Benjamins that 's hard to resist .
3	is a general air of exuberance in All About The Benjamins that 's hard to resist .
3	is a general air of exuberance in All About The Benjamins that 's hard to resist
2	is a general air of exuberance in All
2	a general air of exuberance in All
2	a general air
2	general air
2	of exuberance in All
3	exuberance in All
2	in All
3	About The Benjamins that 's hard to resist
3	The Benjamins that 's hard to resist
2	The Benjamins
3	that 's hard to resist
3	's hard to resist
3	hard to resist
2	to resist
3	A lovably old-school Hollywood confection .
3	A lovably old-school Hollywood confection
3	A lovably
2	old-school Hollywood confection
1	Hollywood confection
2	I 'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes .
3	'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes .
3	'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes
4	'm happy to have seen it --
4	'm happy to have seen it
3	happy to have seen it
2	to have seen it
2	have seen it
2	seen it
2	not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes
2	not as
2	an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes
2	an alternate version , but as
2	an alternate version ,
2	an alternate version
2	alternate version
3	but as
3	the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes
2	the ultimate exercise
2	ultimate exercise
2	in viewing deleted scenes
2	viewing deleted scenes
2	deleted scenes
3	By turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , Laissez-passer has all the earmarks of French cinema at its best .
3	By turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching
2	turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching
4	gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching
4	, amusing , tender and heart-wrenching
4	amusing , tender and heart-wrenching
3	, tender and heart-wrenching
3	tender and heart-wrenching
3	tender and
4	, Laissez-passer has all the earmarks of French cinema at its best .
3	Laissez-passer has all the earmarks of French cinema at its best .
3	has all the earmarks of French cinema at its best .
4	has all the earmarks of French cinema at its best
3	all the earmarks of French cinema at its best
2	all the earmarks
3	the earmarks
4	of French cinema at its best
4	French cinema at its best
2	French cinema
4	at its best
3	its best
2	The warnings to resist temptation in this film ... are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean .
3	The warnings to resist temptation in this film
1	The warnings
2	to resist temptation in this film
2	resist temptation in this film
3	resist temptation
2	in this film
2	this film
2	... are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean .
2	are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean .
1	are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean
2	are blunt and challenging and
2	are blunt and challenging
1	are blunt and
2	are blunt
2	offer no easy rewards for staying clean
2	offer no easy rewards
2	no easy rewards
2	easy rewards
3	for staying clean
2	staying clean
3	Wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .
3	Wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message
3	Wonder of wonders --
3	Wonder of wonders
2	of wonders
3	a teen movie with a humanistic message
2	a teen movie
2	teen movie
3	with a humanistic message
3	a humanistic message
2	humanistic message
3	A quirky comedy set in Newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on The Rock .
3	A quirky comedy
3	quirky comedy
3	set in Newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on The Rock .
3	set in Newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on The Rock
2	in Newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on The Rock
2	Newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on The Rock
4	that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on The Rock
4	cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on The Rock
3	captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on The Rock
2	the dry wit that 's so prevalent on The Rock
2	the dry wit
2	dry wit
2	that 's so prevalent on The Rock
2	's so prevalent on The Rock
2	so prevalent on The Rock
2	prevalent on The Rock
2	on The Rock
2	The Rock
4	Peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .
4	Peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments
4	with witty dialogue and inventive moments
4	witty dialogue and inventive moments
3	dialogue and inventive moments
3	and inventive moments
3	inventive moments
0	I 'd rather watch a rerun of The Powerpuff Girls
1	'd rather watch a rerun of The Powerpuff Girls
2	'd rather
2	watch a rerun of The Powerpuff Girls
2	a rerun of The Powerpuff Girls
1	a rerun
2	of The Powerpuff Girls
2	The Powerpuff Girls
2	Powerpuff Girls
3	With the prospect of films like Kangaroo Jack about to burst across America 's winter movie screens it 's a pleasure to have a film like The Hours as an alternative .
2	With the prospect of films like Kangaroo Jack about to burst across America 's winter movie screens
2	the prospect of films like Kangaroo Jack about to burst across America 's winter movie screens
2	the prospect
2	of films like Kangaroo Jack about to burst across America 's winter movie screens
2	films like Kangaroo Jack about to burst across America 's winter movie screens
2	like Kangaroo Jack about to burst across America 's winter movie screens
2	Kangaroo Jack about to burst across America 's winter movie screens
2	Kangaroo Jack
2	about to burst across America 's winter movie screens
2	to burst across America 's winter movie screens
2	burst across America 's winter movie screens
2	across America 's winter movie screens
2	America 's winter movie screens
2	America 's
2	winter movie screens
2	movie screens
4	it 's a pleasure to have a film like The Hours as an alternative .
3	's a pleasure to have a film like The Hours as an alternative .
3	's a pleasure to have a film like The Hours as an alternative
4	a pleasure to have a film like The Hours as an alternative
3	pleasure to have a film like The Hours as an alternative
2	to have a film like The Hours as an alternative
2	have a film like The Hours as an alternative
2	a film like The Hours as an alternative
2	a film
3	like The Hours as an alternative
2	The Hours as an alternative
2	The Hours
2	as an alternative
2	an alternative
2	The wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic .
1	The wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic
3	The wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but
4	The wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained ,
3	The wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained
4	The wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film
3	The wonderful combination
3	wonderful combination
4	of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film
4	the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film
2	the sweetness and
3	the sweetness
4	the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film
4	the extraordinary technical accomplishments
4	extraordinary technical accomplishments
3	technical accomplishments
2	of the first film
2	the first film
2	first film
2	are maintained
1	its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic
2	its overall impact
2	overall impact
1	falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic
1	falls a little flat
1	a little flat
2	a little
1	with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic
1	a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic
2	a storyline
2	that never quite delivers the original magic
1	never quite delivers the original magic
1	never quite
3	delivers the original magic
2	the original magic
3	original magic
3	Like its title character , this Nicholas Nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .
2	Like its title character
2	its title character
2	title character
3	, this Nicholas Nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .
3	this Nicholas Nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .
3	this Nicholas Nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end
1	this Nicholas Nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and
2	this Nicholas Nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances --
2	this Nicholas Nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances
2	this Nicholas Nickleby
2	Nicholas Nickleby
1	finds itself in reduced circumstances
2	finds itself
2	in reduced circumstances
2	reduced circumstances
4	, also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end
3	also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end
2	also like its hero
3	like its hero
3	its hero
3	, it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end
3	it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end
4	remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end
4	remains brightly optimistic ,
3	remains brightly optimistic
3	brightly optimistic
3	coming through in the end
2	coming through
2	in the end
2	the end
3	As a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , Sex with Strangers is a success .
3	As a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle
3	a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle
2	a thoughtful and unflinching examination
3	thoughtful and unflinching examination
3	thoughtful and unflinching
3	thoughtful and
3	of an alternative lifestyle
2	an alternative lifestyle
2	alternative lifestyle
4	, Sex with Strangers is a success .
3	Sex with Strangers is a success .
3	Sex with Strangers
2	with Strangers
4	is a success .
3	is a success
4	a success
4	unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
2	unpretentious ,
4	charming , quirky , original
3	, quirky , original
3	quirky , original
3	, original
4	Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` Spider-Man '' certainly delivers the goods .
4	Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` Spider-Man '' certainly delivers the goods
4	Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but
3	Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it ,
3	Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it
4	Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment
4	a web of dazzling entertainment
2	a web
4	of dazzling entertainment
4	dazzling entertainment
2	may be overstating it
2	be overstating it
2	overstating it
4	`` Spider-Man '' certainly delivers the goods
3	`` Spider-Man '' certainly
2	Spider-Man '' certainly
2	Spider-Man ''
3	delivers the goods
3	the goods
3	Other than the slightly flawed -LRB- and fairly unbelievable -RRB- finale , everything else is top shelf .
2	Other than the slightly flawed -LRB- and fairly unbelievable -RRB- finale , everything else
2	than the slightly flawed -LRB- and fairly unbelievable -RRB- finale , everything else
2	the slightly flawed -LRB- and fairly unbelievable -RRB- finale , everything else
1	the slightly flawed -LRB- and fairly unbelievable -RRB- finale ,
1	the slightly flawed -LRB- and fairly unbelievable -RRB- finale
1	slightly flawed -LRB- and fairly unbelievable -RRB- finale
1	slightly flawed
1	-LRB- and fairly unbelievable -RRB- finale
1	-LRB- and fairly unbelievable -RRB-
2	-LRB- and fairly unbelievable
2	-LRB- and
2	fairly unbelievable
2	everything else
2	is top shelf .
3	is top shelf
3	top shelf
4	This fascinating look at Israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from Gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .
3	This fascinating look at Israel in ferment
3	This fascinating look
4	fascinating look
2	at Israel in ferment
2	Israel in ferment
2	in ferment
3	feels as immediate as the latest news footage from Gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .
4	feels as immediate as the latest news footage from Gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful
4	as immediate as the latest news footage from Gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful
2	as immediate as the latest news footage from Gaza
2	immediate as the latest news footage from Gaza
2	as the latest news footage from Gaza
2	the latest news footage from Gaza
2	the latest news footage
2	latest news footage
2	news footage
2	from Gaza
3	and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful
4	, because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful
2	, because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas ,
3	because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas ,
3	because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas
3	of its heightened , well-shaped dramas
4	its heightened , well-shaped dramas
4	heightened , well-shaped dramas
4	, well-shaped dramas
3	well-shaped dramas
3	twice as powerful
2	as powerful
3	Manages to delight without much of a story .
2	to delight without much of a story .
2	to delight without much of a story
2	delight without much of a story
0	without much of a story
2	much of a story
2	of a story
2	a story
4	There 's no denying that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
3	's no denying that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
4	's no denying that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him
4	no denying that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him
3	denying that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him
3	that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him
4	Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him
4	is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him
3	a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him
2	a filmmaker
3	with a bright future ahead of him
3	a bright future ahead of him
4	a bright future
3	bright future
2	ahead of him
2	of him
1	I have a confession to make : I did n't particularly like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy .
1	I have a confession to make : I did n't particularly like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy
2	I have a confession to make :
2	I have a confession to make
2	have a confession to make
2	a confession to make
2	confession to make
2	to make
1	I did n't particularly like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy
1	did n't particularly like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy
2	did n't particularly
2	did n't
4	like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy
2	like E.T.
2	the first time I saw it as a young boy
2	the first time
2	first time
3	I saw it as a young boy
2	saw it as a young boy
2	saw it
2	as a young boy
3	a young boy
2	young boy
2	That is because - damn it !
2	is because - damn it !
2	is because - damn it
2	is because - damn
2	because - damn
2	- damn
3	- I also wanted a little alien as a friend !
3	I also wanted a little alien as a friend !
3	also wanted a little alien as a friend !
2	wanted a little alien as a friend !
2	wanted a little alien as a friend
2	wanted a little alien
2	a little alien
1	little alien
3	as a friend
3	a friend
4	Fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
2	Fairy-tale formula
3	, serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
4	serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
4	serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm
3	serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue ,
3	as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue ,
2	a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue ,
2	a paper skeleton
2	paper skeleton
3	for some very good acting , dialogue ,
4	some very good acting , dialogue ,
3	some very good acting , dialogue
4	some very good acting ,
4	some very good acting
4	very good acting
3	very good
2	comedy , direction and especially charm
2	comedy ,
3	direction and especially charm
2	direction and
3	especially charm
4	A genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .
4	A genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives
3	A genuinely funny ensemble
3	genuinely funny ensemble
3	genuinely funny
3	comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives
3	that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives
3	also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives
3	asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives
4	its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives
3	its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way --
2	its audience
3	-- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way --
3	in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way --
3	in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way
3	a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way
4	a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind
3	heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind
2	, nonjudgmental kind
3	nonjudgmental kind
2	of way
2	to consider what we value in our daily lives
2	consider what we value in our daily lives
2	what we value in our daily lives
3	we value in our daily lives
2	value in our daily lives
2	in our daily lives
2	our daily lives
2	daily lives
3	Though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .
4	Though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story
2	the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story
2	the aboriginal aspect
2	aboriginal aspect
3	lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story
2	lends the ending
2	the ending
3	an extraordinary poignancy , and the story
2	an extraordinary poignancy , and
4	an extraordinary poignancy ,
4	an extraordinary poignancy
3	extraordinary poignancy
2	the story
3	itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .
2	could be played out in any working class community in the nation .
2	could be played out in any working class community in the nation
3	be played out in any working class community in the nation
2	played out in any working class community in the nation
2	played out
2	in any working class community in the nation
2	any working class community in the nation
3	any working class community
2	working class community
2	class community
2	in the nation
3	the nation
3	An energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't .
3	An energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something
4	An energetic and engaging film
3	energetic and engaging film
4	and engaging film
4	engaging film
2	that never pretends to be something
2	never pretends to be something
2	pretends to be something
2	to be something
2	be something
2	it is n't .
1	is n't .
1	is n't
2	A violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for Angelique , the -LRB- opening -RRB- dance guarantees Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women .
2	A violent initiation rite for the audience
2	A violent initiation rite
2	violent initiation rite
3	initiation rite
2	for the audience
2	the audience
3	, as much as it is for Angelique , the -LRB- opening -RRB- dance guarantees Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women .
3	as much as it is for Angelique , the -LRB- opening -RRB- dance guarantees Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women .
2	as much as it is for Angelique
2	much as it is for Angelique
3	as it is for Angelique
2	it is for Angelique
2	is for Angelique
2	for Angelique
4	, the -LRB- opening -RRB- dance guarantees Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women .
3	the -LRB- opening -RRB- dance guarantees Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women .
2	the -LRB- opening -RRB- dance
2	-LRB- opening -RRB- dance
3	opening -RRB- dance
2	-RRB- dance
4	guarantees Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women .
3	guarantees Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women
3	Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women
2	Karmen 's enthronement
2	Karmen 's
3	among the cinema 's memorable women
3	the cinema 's memorable women
2	the cinema 's
2	cinema 's
3	memorable women
4	An animation landmark as monumental as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs .
2	An animation
3	landmark as monumental as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs .
4	landmark as monumental as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs
3	as monumental as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs
4	as monumental as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough
4	monumental as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough
3	as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough
4	Disney 's 1937 breakthrough
2	Disney 's
3	1937 breakthrough
2	Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs
2	Snow White and
3	Snow White
2	the Seven Dwarfs
2	Seven Dwarfs
3	An entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .
2	An entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller
3	entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller
3	entertaining , if ultimately minor ,
2	, if ultimately minor ,
2	if ultimately minor ,
2	ultimately minor ,
2	minor ,
4	Sex With Strangers is fascinating ...
2	Sex With Strangers
2	With Strangers
3	is fascinating ...
4	is fascinating
2	A subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad .
3	A subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad
3	A subtle , poignant picture
3	subtle , poignant picture
3	, poignant picture
3	poignant picture
3	of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad
1	goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad
1	that is flawed , compromised and sad
1	is flawed , compromised and sad
0	flawed , compromised and sad
1	, compromised and sad
1	compromised and sad
3	compromised and
4	A wry , affectionate delight .
3	A wry , affectionate delight
2	A wry ,
2	A wry
3	affectionate delight
4	The acting in Pauline And Paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
2	The acting in Pauline And Paulette
2	The acting
2	in Pauline And Paulette
2	Pauline And Paulette
2	Pauline And
3	is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
4	is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
3	is good
3	all round , but what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
2	all round
3	, but what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
2	, but
3	what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
3	really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
3	sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
2	the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
2	the film
2	apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
2	is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
2	Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
2	Debrauwer 's
2	refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
2	to push the easy emotional buttons
2	push the easy emotional buttons
3	the easy emotional buttons
2	easy emotional buttons
1	emotional buttons
3	One of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
2	One of those
2	of those
4	joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
4	joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature
4	films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature
4	that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature
3	leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature
2	leaps over national boundaries and
3	leaps over national boundaries
2	over national boundaries
2	national boundaries
3	celebrates universal human nature
2	universal human nature
3	human nature
2	A penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic .
3	A penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic
2	A penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego
3	A penetrating glimpse
2	penetrating glimpse
2	into the tissue-thin ego
2	the tissue-thin ego
2	tissue-thin ego
3	of the stand-up comic
2	the stand-up comic
2	stand-up comic
4	Kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .
4	should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .
4	should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie
4	have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie
4	a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie
2	a stirring time
2	stirring time
4	at this beautifully drawn movie
4	this beautifully drawn movie
4	this beautifully
2	drawn movie
1	And adults will at least have a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .
2	adults will at least have a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .
1	will at least have a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .
3	will at least have a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
2	will at least
2	at least
2	have a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
3	a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
3	a dream image
2	dream image
2	of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
2	the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
2	West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
2	to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
1	savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
1	whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
1	the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
1	the film 's lamer instincts
2	the film 's
2	film 's
3	lamer instincts
2	are in the saddle
2	in the saddle
2	the saddle
3	Paid in Full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .
2	Paid in Full
2	in Full
3	is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .
3	is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
4	remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
3	engaging despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
1	despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
1	being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
2	being noticeably derivative
1	noticeably derivative
2	of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
1	Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
2	Goodfellas and
2	at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
2	at least
1	a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
3	a half dozen
2	half dozen
2	other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
2	trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
2	Less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself .
2	Less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving
2	Less cinematically powerful than quietly and
2	Less cinematically powerful than quietly
1	Less cinematically powerful
3	cinematically powerful
2	than quietly
3	deeply moving
3	, which is powerful in itself .
2	which is powerful in itself .
3	which is powerful in itself
3	is powerful in itself
2	powerful in itself
2	in itself
3	waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .
3	manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .
3	manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it
3	to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it
3	nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it
2	nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living
2	the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living
2	the spirit-crushing ennui
1	spirit-crushing ennui
2	of denuded urban living
2	denuded urban living
2	urban living
2	without giving in to it
2	giving in to it
2	in to it
2	to it
4	Each of these stories has the potential for Touched by an Angel simplicity and sappiness , but Thirteen Conversations About One Thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments .
2	Each of these stories has the potential for Touched by an Angel simplicity and sappiness , but Thirteen Conversations About One Thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments
2	Each of these stories has the potential for Touched by an Angel simplicity and sappiness , but
3	Each of these stories has the potential for Touched by an Angel simplicity and sappiness ,
1	Each of these stories has the potential for Touched by an Angel simplicity and sappiness
2	Each of these stories
2	of these stories
2	these stories
1	has the potential for Touched by an Angel simplicity and sappiness
3	has the potential for Touched by an Angel simplicity and
2	has the potential for Touched by an Angel simplicity
2	the potential for Touched by an Angel simplicity
2	the potential
3	for Touched by an Angel simplicity
2	Touched by an Angel simplicity
3	by an Angel simplicity
3	an Angel simplicity
2	Angel simplicity
3	Thirteen Conversations About One Thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments
3	Thirteen Conversations About One Thing , for all its generosity and optimism ,
2	Thirteen Conversations About One Thing , for all its generosity and optimism
2	Thirteen Conversations About One Thing ,
2	Thirteen Conversations About One Thing
2	Thirteen Conversations
2	About One Thing
2	One Thing
2	for all its generosity and optimism
2	all its generosity and optimism
2	its generosity and optimism
2	its generosity and
2	its generosity
2	never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments
3	resorts to easy feel-good sentiments
3	to easy feel-good sentiments
4	easy feel-good sentiments
3	feel-good sentiments
2	If Borstal Boy is n't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece .
1	If Borstal Boy is n't especially realistic
1	Borstal Boy is n't especially realistic
2	Borstal Boy
1	is n't especially realistic
1	is n't
3	especially realistic
3	, it is an engaging nostalgia piece .
2	it is an engaging nostalgia piece .
3	is an engaging nostalgia piece .
4	is an engaging nostalgia piece
4	an engaging nostalgia piece
3	engaging nostalgia piece
2	nostalgia piece
1	Often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .
1	Often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part
2	Often demented in a good way , but
3	Often demented in a good way ,
2	Often demented in a good way
3	demented in a good way
3	in a good way
3	a good way
2	good way
1	it is an uneven film for the most part
1	is an uneven film for the most part
1	an uneven film for the most part
2	an uneven film
1	uneven film
2	for the most part
2	the most part
2	most part
2	The script 's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off .
2	The script 's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off
3	The script 's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but
3	The script 's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis ,
3	The script 's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis
3	The script 's snazzy dialogue
2	The script 's
2	script 's
3	snazzy dialogue
3	establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis
3	a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis
3	a realistic atmosphere
3	realistic atmosphere
2	that involves us in the unfolding crisis
2	involves us in the unfolding crisis
2	involves us
1	in the unfolding crisis
2	the unfolding crisis
2	unfolding crisis
2	the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off
1	the lazy plotting
1	lazy plotting
3	ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off
2	that little of our emotional investment pays off
2	little of our emotional investment pays off
1	little of our emotional investment
2	of our emotional investment
3	our emotional investment
3	emotional investment
3	pays off
4	Maggie Smith as the Ya-Ya member with the O2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .
2	Maggie Smith as the Ya-Ya member with the O2-tank
2	Maggie Smith
2	as the Ya-Ya member with the O2-tank
2	the Ya-Ya member with the O2-tank
2	the Ya-Ya member
2	Ya-Ya member
2	with the O2-tank
2	the O2-tank
3	will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .
4	will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment
2	will absolutely
3	crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment
3	crack you up
2	crack you
2	with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment
2	her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment
1	crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment
1	crass , then gasp for gas ,
2	, then gasp for gas ,
2	then gasp for gas ,
2	gasp for gas ,
2	gasp for gas
2	for gas
2	verbal deportment
4	This is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .
4	This is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style
4	This is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so
4	This is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body ,
4	This is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body
4	is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body
3	a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body
2	a movie
3	that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body
4	refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body
4	refreshes the mind and spirit along
4	refreshes the mind and spirit
2	the mind and spirit
3	mind and spirit
2	mind and
2	with the body
2	the body
3	original is its content , look , and style
2	is its content , look , and style
2	its content , look , and style
2	its content , look , and
2	its content , look ,
2	its content , look
2	its content ,
2	its content
1	Although I did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .
3	Although I did n't hate this one
2	I did n't hate this one
3	did n't hate this one
2	did n't
0	hate this one
2	this one
1	, it 's not very good either .
0	it 's not very good either .
1	's not very good either .
1	's not very good either
1	's not very good
2	's not
3	very good
3	It can be safely recommended as a video\/DVD babysitter .
3	can be safely recommended as a video\/DVD babysitter .
2	can be safely recommended as a video\/DVD babysitter
2	be safely recommended as a video\/DVD babysitter
3	safely recommended as a video\/DVD babysitter
2	recommended as a video\/DVD babysitter
2	as a video\/DVD babysitter
2	a video\/DVD babysitter
2	video\/DVD babysitter
4	Another Best of the Year selection .
4	Another Best of the Year selection
3	Another Best
2	of the Year selection
3	the Year selection
2	Year selection
3	The film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of De Palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an American director in years .
3	The film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of De Palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest
2	The film
3	has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of De Palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest
2	has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts
3	the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts
2	the high-buffed gloss and
2	the high-buffed gloss
2	high-buffed gloss
3	high-octane jolts
3	you expect of De Palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest
2	you expect of De Palma , but
2	you expect of De Palma ,
2	you expect of De Palma
2	expect of De Palma
2	of De Palma
2	De Palma
4	what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest
2	makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest
4	it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest
3	transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest
3	is that it 's also one of the smartest
3	that it 's also one of the smartest
3	it 's also one of the smartest
3	's also one of the smartest
2	's also
4	one of the smartest
3	of the smartest
3	the smartest
4	, most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an American director in years .
4	most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an American director in years .
3	most pleasurable expressions of pure movie
3	most pleasurable expressions
3	pleasurable expressions
3	of pure movie
3	pure movie
2	love to come from an American director in years .
3	love to come from an American director in years
3	to come from an American director in years
2	come from an American director in years
2	from an American director in years
2	an American director in years
2	an American director
2	American director
2	in years
4	It 's a very valuable film ...
3	's a very valuable film ...
3	's a very valuable film
3	a very valuable film
4	very valuable film
3	very valuable
3	Max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished .
3	Max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished
3	Max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ...
4	Max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve
3	pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve
2	pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and
3	pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license
3	pokes , provokes ,
3	pokes , provokes
2	pokes ,
2	takes expressionistic license
3	expressionistic license
1	hits a nerve
2	a nerve
4	as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished
2	as far as art is concerned
2	far as art is concerned
2	as art is concerned
2	art is concerned
2	is concerned
3	, it 's mission accomplished
3	it 's mission accomplished
3	's mission accomplished
2	mission accomplished
4	Literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .
2	Literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds
2	Literary purists may not be pleased , but
2	Literary purists may not be pleased ,
2	Literary purists may not be pleased
2	Literary purists
1	may not be pleased
1	may not
3	be pleased
3	as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds
1	as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes
2	far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes
2	as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes
2	mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes
3	mainstream matinee-style entertainment
2	matinee-style entertainment
4	, it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds
3	it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds
3	does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds
4	a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds
3	a bang-up job
3	bang-up job
2	of pleasing the crowds
3	pleasing the crowds
2	the crowds
2	Here Polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .
2	Polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .
3	looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .
1	looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably
2	looks back
2	on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably
2	on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact
2	those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact
2	those places
2	he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact
3	saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact
2	saw at childhood , and
2	saw at childhood ,
2	saw at childhood
3	at childhood
3	captures them by freeing them from artefact
2	captures them
2	by freeing them from artefact
2	freeing them from artefact
2	freeing them
2	from artefact
2	, and by showing them heartbreakingly drably
3	, and
2	by showing them heartbreakingly drably
1	showing them heartbreakingly drably
2	them heartbreakingly drably
2	heartbreakingly drably
4	The story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday .
3	The story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
2	The story itself
2	The story
2	it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
3	mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
4	told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
2	told through on-camera interviews
2	through on-camera interviews
2	on-camera interviews
3	with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
4	several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
3	several survivors ,
2	several survivors
3	whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
4	riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
3	riveting memories
3	are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
4	rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
4	rendered with such clarity
3	with such clarity
3	such clarity
2	that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
2	it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
2	's as if it all happened only yesterday
2	as if it all happened only yesterday
2	if it all happened only yesterday
2	it all happened only yesterday
2	all happened only yesterday
2	happened only yesterday
2	only yesterday
3	A compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .
4	A compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds
3	A compelling story of musical passion
4	A compelling story
3	compelling story
3	of musical passion
3	musical passion
1	against governmental odds
3	governmental odds
1	With `` Ichi the Killer '' , Takashi Miike , Japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than Batman ...
2	With `` Ichi the Killer '' , Takashi Miike
2	`` Ichi the Killer '' , Takashi Miike
2	`` Ichi the Killer '' ,
2	`` Ichi the Killer ''
2	Ichi the Killer ''
2	the Killer ''
2	Killer ''
2	Takashi Miike
2	, Japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than Batman ...
1	Japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than Batman ...
2	Japan 's wildest filmmaker
2	Japan 's
2	wildest filmmaker
2	gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than Batman ...
2	gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than Batman
2	gives us
2	a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than Batman
2	a crime fighter
2	crime fighter
3	carrying more emotional baggage than Batman
2	carrying more emotional baggage
2	more emotional baggage
3	more emotional
2	than Batman
3	You never know where Changing Lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride .
3	You never know where Changing Lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride
2	You never know where Changing Lanes is going to take you but
4	You never know where Changing Lanes is going to take you
2	never know where Changing Lanes is going to take you
2	know where Changing Lanes is going to take you
2	where Changing Lanes is going to take you
2	Changing Lanes is going to take you
2	Changing Lanes
2	is going to take you
3	going to take you
2	to take you
2	take you
4	it 's a heck of a ride
4	's a heck of a ride
3	a heck of a ride
2	a heck
2	of a ride
2	a ride
4	Samuel L. Jackson is one of the best actors there is .
3	Samuel L. Jackson
2	L. Jackson
4	is one of the best actors there is .
4	is one of the best actors there is
4	one of the best actors there is
3	of the best actors there is
3	the best actors there is
4	the best actors
3	best actors
2	there is
4	-LRB- Breheny 's -RRB- lensing of the New Zealand and Cook Island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .
2	-LRB- Breheny 's -RRB- lensing of the New Zealand and Cook Island locations
3	-LRB- Breheny 's -RRB- lensing
2	Breheny 's -RRB- lensing
2	Breheny 's
2	-RRB- lensing
2	of the New Zealand and Cook Island locations
2	the New Zealand and Cook Island locations
2	New Zealand and Cook Island locations
2	Zealand and Cook Island locations
2	and Cook Island locations
2	Cook Island locations
2	Island locations
3	captures both the beauty of the land and the people .
3	captures both the beauty of the land and the people
3	both the beauty of the land and the people
3	both the beauty
3	the beauty
2	of the land and the people
2	the land and the people
2	the land and
3	the land
2	the people
0	An almost unbearably morbid love story .
0	An almost unbearably morbid
1	almost unbearably morbid
0	almost unbearably
2	love story .
2	love story
3	The Wild Thornberrys Movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .
3	The Wild Thornberrys Movie
2	Wild Thornberrys Movie
3	Thornberrys Movie
3	has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .
3	has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate
2	all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate
1	all the sibling rivalry and
2	all the sibling rivalry
2	the sibling rivalry
2	sibling rivalry
3	general family chaos to which anyone can relate
2	general family chaos
2	family chaos
4	to which anyone can relate
2	to which
3	anyone can relate
3	can relate
3	A forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .
4	A forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself
3	A forceful drama
3	forceful drama
2	of an alienated executive who re-invents himself
2	an alienated executive who re-invents himself
2	an alienated executive
2	alienated executive
3	who re-invents himself
3	re-invents himself
4	Spielberg 's realization of a near-future America is masterful .
2	Spielberg 's realization of a near-future America
2	Spielberg 's realization
2	Spielberg 's
2	of a near-future America
2	a near-future America
2	near-future America
4	is masterful .
4	is masterful
4	This makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
4	makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
4	makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever
4	makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans ,
3	makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans
2	Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans
2	Minority Report
3	necessary viewing for sci-fi fans
2	viewing for sci-fi fans
2	for sci-fi fans
2	sci-fi fans
4	as the film has some of the best special effects ever
4	the film has some of the best special effects ever
2	the film
3	has some of the best special effects ever
3	has some of the best special effects
3	some of the best special effects
3	of the best special effects
3	the best special effects
4	best special effects
2	special effects
4	The gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .
2	The gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of
3	The gags
3	that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of
3	fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of
3	fly at such a furiously funny pace
3	at such a furiously funny pace
2	such a furiously funny pace
2	a furiously funny pace
3	furiously funny pace
3	funny pace
1	that the only rip off that we were aware of
2	the only rip off that we were aware of
2	the only
1	rip off that we were aware of
1	rip off
2	that we were aware of
2	we were aware of
2	were aware of
2	aware of
2	was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .
2	was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon
2	the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon
2	the one
2	we felt when the movie ended so damned soon
2	felt when the movie ended so damned soon
1	when the movie ended so damned soon
2	the movie ended so damned soon
2	the movie
1	ended so damned soon
1	ended so damned
2	so damned
3	The best film of the year 2002 .
4	The best film of the year 2002
4	The best film
4	best film
2	of the year 2002
2	the year 2002
2	year 2002
4	An enthralling , entertaining feature .
4	An enthralling , entertaining feature
3	An enthralling ,
3	An enthralling
3	entertaining feature
1	Stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , LaBute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
1	Stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence
1	Stripped almost entirely
2	almost entirely
1	of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence
2	such tools as nudity , profanity and violence
2	such tools
1	as nudity , profanity and violence
1	nudity , profanity and violence
2	, profanity and violence
1	profanity and violence
2	profanity and
3	, LaBute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
3	LaBute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
2	does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
3	does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection
2	manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection
2	to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection
2	make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection
3	a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection
2	a few points about modern man and
2	a few points about modern man
2	a few points
1	few points
2	about modern man
2	modern man
2	his problematic quest for human connection
2	his problematic quest
1	problematic quest
3	for human connection
2	human connection
3	A remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .
3	A remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point
4	A remarkable movie
4	remarkable movie
2	with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point
2	an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point
2	an unsatisfying ending ,
2	an unsatisfying ending
0	unsatisfying ending
2	which is just the point
3	is just the point
2	is just
2	the point
4	All in all , Brown Sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .
2	All in all , Brown Sugar
2	in all , Brown Sugar
2	all , Brown Sugar
2	all ,
2	Brown Sugar
4	is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .
4	is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted
4	a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted
4	a satisfying well-made romantic comedy
3	satisfying well-made romantic comedy
3	satisfying well-made
2	romantic comedy
4	that 's both charming and well acted
3	's both charming and well acted
3	's both charming and well
3	's both charming and
3	's both charming
3	both charming
4	It will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
4	will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
3	will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face
3	guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face
4	to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face
3	have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face
3	you leaving the theater with a smile on your face
4	leaving the theater with a smile on your face
1	leaving the theater
2	the theater
3	with a smile on your face
3	a smile on your face
3	a smile
2	on your face
2	your face
3	Smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
3	finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
3	finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise
2	amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise
3	amusing juxtapositions
2	that justify his exercise
1	justify his exercise
2	his exercise
4	Working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by Gianni Romoli ... Ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .
3	Working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by Gianni Romoli ... Ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up
3	Working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by Gianni Romoli ...
3	Working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by Gianni Romoli
3	Working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written
3	from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written
3	a surprisingly sensitive script co-written
3	surprisingly sensitive script co-written
3	surprisingly sensitive
2	script co-written
2	by Gianni Romoli
2	Gianni Romoli
3	Ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up
3	avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up
1	most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up
1	of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up
1	the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up
3	the pitfalls
2	you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up
2	'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up
2	expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up
1	in such a potentially sudsy set-up
2	such a potentially sudsy set-up
1	a potentially sudsy set-up
2	potentially sudsy set-up
2	sudsy set-up
3	An older cad instructs a younger lad in Zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .
2	An older cad
2	older cad
2	instructs a younger lad in Zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .
3	instructs a younger lad in Zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy
1	a younger lad in Zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy
2	a younger lad in Zen and
2	a younger lad in Zen
3	a younger lad
3	younger lad
2	in Zen
3	the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy
2	the art
2	of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy
2	getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy
2	laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy
2	in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy
3	this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy
2	this prickly indie comedy
1	prickly indie comedy
3	indie comedy
2	of manners and misanthropy
2	manners and misanthropy
2	manners and
4	`` Austin Powers in Goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
3	Austin Powers in Goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
2	Austin Powers in Goldmember
2	Austin Powers
2	in Goldmember
3	'' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
3	has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
3	has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end
3	has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and
3	has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment
3	the right stuff for silly summer entertainment
2	the right stuff
3	right stuff
3	for silly summer entertainment
3	silly summer entertainment
3	summer entertainment
4	has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end
3	enough laughs to sustain interest to the end
2	laughs to sustain interest to the end
2	to sustain interest to the end
3	sustain interest to the end
3	sustain interest
2	to the end
2	the end
2	One of -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love .
3	One of -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love
3	One of -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- better efforts --
2	One of -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- better efforts
2	of -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- better efforts
3	-LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- better efforts
2	-LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB-
2	Jaglom 's -RRB-
2	Jaglom 's
2	better efforts
3	a wry and sometime bitter movie about love
2	a wry and
2	a wry
3	sometime bitter movie about love
2	sometime bitter movie
2	bitter movie
2	about love
3	Schaeffer is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .
3	is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .
3	is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does
1	is n't
4	in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does
3	this film , which may be why it works as well as it does
2	this film ,
2	this film
3	which may be why it works as well as it does
2	may be why it works as well as it does
3	be why it works as well as it does
3	why it works as well as it does
2	why it works as well
3	why it works
3	it works
2	as well
2	as it does
2	it does
4	A fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .
4	A fresh , entertaining comedy that
4	A fresh , entertaining comedy
4	fresh , entertaining comedy
3	, entertaining comedy
3	entertaining comedy
2	looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .
2	looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles
2	at relationships minus traditional gender roles
2	relationships minus traditional gender roles
2	minus traditional gender roles
2	traditional gender roles
2	gender roles
3	Although Estela Bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of Cuban leader Fidel Castro , it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
1	Although Estela Bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of Cuban leader Fidel Castro
3	Estela Bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of Cuban leader Fidel Castro
2	Estela Bravo 's documentary
2	Estela Bravo 's
3	Bravo 's
2	is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of Cuban leader Fidel Castro
2	cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of Cuban leader Fidel Castro
2	hagiographic in its portrait of Cuban leader Fidel Castro
2	in its portrait of Cuban leader Fidel Castro
2	its portrait of Cuban leader Fidel Castro
2	its portrait
1	of Cuban leader Fidel Castro
2	Cuban leader Fidel Castro
2	leader Fidel Castro
1	Fidel Castro
3	, it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
3	it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
3	's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
3	's still a guilty pleasure to watch
2	's still
3	a guilty pleasure to watch
2	guilty pleasure to watch
4	pleasure to watch
2	to watch
3	Surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and I shamelessly enjoyed it .
3	, the film is a hilarious adventure and I shamelessly enjoyed it .
4	the film is a hilarious adventure and I shamelessly enjoyed it .
3	the film is a hilarious adventure and I shamelessly enjoyed it
3	the film is a hilarious adventure and
4	the film is a hilarious adventure
2	the film
4	is a hilarious adventure
3	a hilarious adventure
3	hilarious adventure
4	I shamelessly enjoyed it
3	shamelessly enjoyed it
3	enjoyed it
3	The Way Home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness .
3	The Way Home
2	Way Home
3	is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness .
3	is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness
3	an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness
3	ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness
2	to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness
3	unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness
3	love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness
3	love and compassion
3	love and
2	garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness
3	garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ...
2	garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and
2	garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to ,
2	from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to ,
2	years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to ,
2	of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to ,
2	seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to ,
2	seeing it
2	all , a condition only the old are privy to ,
1	all , a condition only the old are privy to
2	all ,
3	a condition only the old are privy to
2	a condition only
2	a condition
2	the old are privy to
2	the old
2	are privy to
3	privy to
2	often misconstrued as weakness
3	misconstrued as weakness
2	as weakness
4	Brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .
3	Brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy
3	Brutally honest and
3	Brutally honest
4	told with humor and poignancy
3	with humor and poignancy
3	humor and poignancy
3	humor and
2	, which makes its message resonate .
3	which makes its message resonate .
3	makes its message resonate .
3	makes its message resonate
2	its message resonate
3	message resonate
3	If you can read the subtitles -LRB- the opera is sung in Italian -RRB- and you like ` Masterpiece Theatre ' type costumes , you 'll enjoy this movie .
2	If you can read the subtitles -LRB- the opera is sung in Italian -RRB- and you like ` Masterpiece Theatre ' type costumes
2	you can read the subtitles -LRB- the opera is sung in Italian -RRB- and you like ` Masterpiece Theatre ' type costumes
3	can read the subtitles -LRB- the opera is sung in Italian -RRB- and you like ` Masterpiece Theatre ' type costumes
2	can read the subtitles -LRB- the opera is sung in Italian -RRB- and
2	can read the subtitles -LRB- the opera is sung in Italian -RRB-
2	can read the subtitles
2	read the subtitles
2	the subtitles
2	-LRB- the opera is sung in Italian -RRB-
2	the opera is sung in Italian -RRB-
2	the opera is sung in Italian
2	the opera
2	is sung in Italian
2	sung in Italian
2	in Italian
2	you like ` Masterpiece Theatre ' type costumes
2	like ` Masterpiece Theatre ' type costumes
3	like `
2	Masterpiece Theatre ' type costumes
2	Masterpiece Theatre '
2	Theatre '
2	type costumes
3	, you 'll enjoy this movie .
3	you 'll enjoy this movie .
3	'll enjoy this movie .
3	'll enjoy this movie
4	enjoy this movie
2	this movie
4	A pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of Crystal and De Niro .
4	A pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of Crystal and De Niro
4	A pretty funny movie , with most of the humor
4	A pretty funny movie ,
4	A pretty funny movie
3	pretty funny movie
3	pretty funny
2	with most of the humor
2	most of the humor
2	of the humor
2	the humor
3	coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of Crystal and De Niro
2	coming ,
4	as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of Crystal and De Niro
3	before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of Crystal and De Niro
2	before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming
2	before , from the incongruous but chemically
1	, from the incongruous but chemically
1	from the incongruous but chemically
2	from the incongruous but
2	from the incongruous
2	the incongruous
3	perfect teaming
2	of Crystal and De Niro
2	Crystal and De Niro
2	and De Niro
2	De Niro
4	Gangster No. 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .
2	Gangster No. 1
4	No. 1
3	is solid , satisfying fare for adults .
3	is solid , satisfying fare for adults
4	solid , satisfying fare for adults
3	solid , satisfying fare
3	solid , satisfying
3	, satisfying
2	for adults
4	This Chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .
2	This Chicago
4	has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .
4	has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare
4	hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare
3	hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as
4	hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit ,
4	hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit
4	hugely imaginative and successful casting
4	hugely imaginative and successful
4	imaginative and successful
3	imaginative and
3	to its great credit
4	its great credit
3	great credit
2	as well as
2	well as
3	one terrific score and attitude to spare
3	one terrific score and
4	one terrific score
3	terrific score
2	attitude to spare
2	to spare
1	Has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .
1	Has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be
2	Has enough gun battles and throwaway
2	enough gun battles and throwaway
1	enough gun battles and
2	enough gun battles
2	gun battles
1	humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be
1	to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be
2	cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be
2	cover up
0	the yawning chasm where the plot should be
2	the yawning chasm
2	yawning chasm
2	where the plot should be
2	the plot should be
2	the plot
2	should be
2	With its jerky hand-held camera and documentary feel , Bloody Sunday is a sobering recount of a very bleak day in Derry .
2	With its jerky hand-held camera and documentary feel
2	its jerky hand-held camera and documentary feel
2	jerky hand-held camera and documentary feel
3	hand-held camera and documentary feel
2	camera and documentary feel
2	and documentary feel
2	documentary feel
3	, Bloody Sunday is a sobering recount of a very bleak day in Derry .
2	Bloody Sunday is a sobering recount of a very bleak day in Derry .
2	Bloody Sunday
2	is a sobering recount of a very bleak day in Derry .
2	is a sobering recount of a very bleak day in Derry
3	a sobering recount of a very bleak day in Derry
2	a sobering recount
2	sobering recount
2	of a very bleak day in Derry
2	a very bleak day in Derry
1	a very bleak day
1	very bleak day
1	very bleak
1	in Derry
3	You will likely prefer to keep on watching .
3	will likely prefer to keep on watching .
3	will likely prefer to keep on watching
3	will likely
3	prefer to keep on watching
2	to keep on watching
2	keep on watching
2	on watching
1	Insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion .
1	loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion .
1	loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion
2	points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion
2	when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion
1	it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion
2	surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion
2	to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion
2	a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion
2	a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene
2	formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene
3	bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene
3	, shoot-em-up scene
2	shoot-em-up scene
2	at the conclusion
2	the conclusion
4	But the performances of Pacino , Williams , and Swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
4	the performances of Pacino , Williams , and Swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
2	the performances of Pacino , Williams , and Swank
2	the performances
2	of Pacino , Williams , and Swank
2	Pacino , Williams , and Swank
2	, Williams , and Swank
2	Williams , and Swank
2	, and Swank
3	, and
4	keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
2	keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through
3	the viewer wide-awake all the way through
2	the viewer
3	wide-awake all the way through
3	wide-awake all the way
3	all the way
2	the way
1	What might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .
2	What might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
1	might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
1	have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
1	been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
1	readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
0	dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
0	as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
1	the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
1	the tiresome rant
1	tiresome rant
1	of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
3	an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
2	an aging filmmaker
2	aging filmmaker
2	still thumbing his nose at convention
2	thumbing his nose at convention
2	thumbing his nose
2	his nose
2	at convention
3	takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .
3	takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point
3	a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point
3	a surprising , subtle turn
3	surprising , subtle turn
3	surprising , subtle
2	, subtle
2	at the midway point
2	the midway point
3	midway point
3	At a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had , Godfrey Reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .
1	At a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had
0	a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had
2	a time
0	when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had
2	commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had
0	has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had
1	squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had
1	the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had
2	the life out
2	the life
2	of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had
2	of whatever
2	idealism American moviemaking ever had
2	idealism American moviemaking ever
3	idealism American
2	moviemaking ever
4	, Godfrey Reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .
3	Godfrey Reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .
2	Godfrey Reggio 's career
2	Godfrey Reggio 's
3	Reggio 's
3	shines like a lonely beacon .
3	shines like a lonely beacon
2	like a lonely beacon
2	a lonely beacon
2	lonely beacon
4	An Inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .
3	An Inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
3	An Inuit masterpiece
3	Inuit masterpiece
3	that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
3	will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
3	give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
3	give you
3	goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
1	as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
2	its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
3	its uncanny tale
3	uncanny tale
2	of love , communal discord , and justice
2	love , communal discord , and justice
2	love , communal discord , and
3	love , communal discord ,
2	love , communal discord
2	love ,
2	communal discord
2	unfolds .
3	This is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek -LRB- as well as a serious debt to The Road Warrior -RRB- , but it feels like unrealized potential
3	This is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek -LRB- as well as a serious debt to The Road Warrior -RRB- , but
2	This is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek -LRB- as well as a serious debt to The Road Warrior -RRB- ,
4	This is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek -LRB- as well as a serious debt to The Road Warrior -RRB-
2	is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek -LRB- as well as a serious debt to The Road Warrior -RRB-
2	popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek -LRB- as well as a serious debt to The Road Warrior -RRB-
4	popcorn movie fun
3	movie fun
2	with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek -LRB- as well as a serious debt to The Road Warrior -RRB-
2	equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek -LRB- as well as a serious debt to The Road Warrior -RRB-
3	equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek
2	equal doses
2	of action , cheese , ham and cheek
2	action , cheese , ham and cheek
2	, cheese , ham and cheek
2	cheese , ham and cheek
2	, ham and cheek
2	ham and cheek
2	ham and
2	-LRB- as well as a serious debt to The Road Warrior -RRB-
2	-LRB- as well as a serious debt to The Road Warrior
2	-LRB- as well as
2	as well as
2	well as
3	a serious debt to The Road Warrior
2	a serious debt
2	serious debt
3	to The Road Warrior
3	The Road Warrior
2	Road Warrior
1	it feels like unrealized potential
2	feels like unrealized potential
2	like unrealized potential
2	unrealized potential
3	It 's a testament to De Niro and director Michael Caton-Jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .
3	's a testament to De Niro and director Michael Caton-Jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .
3	's a testament to De Niro and director Michael Caton-Jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all
3	's a testament to De Niro and director Michael Caton-Jones
3	a testament to De Niro and director Michael Caton-Jones
2	a testament
2	to De Niro and director Michael Caton-Jones
2	De Niro and director Michael Caton-Jones
2	De Niro and
2	De Niro
2	director Michael Caton-Jones
2	Michael Caton-Jones
3	that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all
3	by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all
2	by movie 's end
2	movie 's end
2	movie 's
2	, we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all
2	we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all
3	accept the characters and the film , flaws and all
2	the characters and the film , flaws and all
2	the characters and
2	the characters
2	the film , flaws and all
1	the film , flaws and
2	the film , flaws
2	the film ,
2	the film
2	Performances are potent , and the women 's stories are ably intercut and involving .
3	Performances are potent , and the women 's stories are ably intercut and involving
3	Performances are potent , and
3	Performances are potent ,
3	Performances are potent
3	are potent
3	the women 's stories are ably intercut and involving
3	the women 's stories
2	the women 's
2	women 's
3	are ably intercut and involving
2	ably intercut and involving
2	ably intercut and
2	ably intercut
4	An enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .
3	An enormously entertaining movie
4	enormously entertaining movie
4	enormously entertaining
3	, like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .
2	like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .
2	like nothing
2	we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .
3	've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .
2	've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar
2	ever seen before , and yet completely familiar
2	seen before , and yet completely familiar
2	before , and yet completely familiar
2	, and yet completely familiar
3	and yet completely familiar
2	yet completely familiar
3	completely familiar
4	Lan Yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
2	Lan Yu
3	is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
4	is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery
4	a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery
3	a genuine love story ,
4	a genuine love story
4	genuine love story
2	love story
3	full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery
3	of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery
3	traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery
3	traditional layers of awakening and ripening and
2	traditional layers of awakening and ripening
2	traditional layers
3	of awakening and ripening
3	awakening and ripening
3	awakening and
2	separation and recovery
2	separation and
3	Your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .
2	Your children
3	will be occupied for 72 minutes .
2	will be occupied for 72 minutes
1	be occupied for 72 minutes
2	occupied for 72 minutes
2	for 72 minutes
2	72 minutes
2	Pull -LRB- s -RRB- off the rare trick of recreating not only the look of a certain era , but also the feel .
3	Pull -LRB- s -RRB- off the rare trick of recreating not only the look of a certain era , but also the feel
3	Pull -LRB- s -RRB- off the rare trick of recreating not only
3	Pull -LRB- s -RRB- off the rare trick of recreating
2	Pull -LRB- s -RRB-
2	-LRB- s -RRB-
2	s -RRB-
3	off the rare trick of recreating
3	the rare trick of recreating
2	the rare trick
3	rare trick
2	of recreating
2	not only
2	the look of a certain era , but also the feel
2	the look
2	of a certain era , but also the feel
2	a certain era , but also the feel
2	a certain era , but also
2	a certain era ,
2	a certain era
2	certain era
2	but also
2	the feel
3	Twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .
3	Twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels
2	Twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and
3	Twohy 's a good yarn-spinner ,
3	Twohy 's a good yarn-spinner
3	's a good yarn-spinner
2	a good yarn-spinner
3	good yarn-spinner
3	ultimately the story compels
3	the story compels
2	the story
2	` Tobey Maguire is a poster boy for the geek generation . '
2	Tobey Maguire is a poster boy for the geek generation . '
2	Tobey Maguire
3	is a poster boy for the geek generation . '
3	is a poster boy for the geek generation .
3	is a poster boy for the geek generation
2	a poster boy for the geek generation
2	a poster boy
2	poster boy
2	for the geek generation
2	the geek generation
2	geek generation
3	... a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame .
3	a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame .
3	a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life
3	a sweetly
3	affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life
2	affecting story
2	about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life
2	four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life
2	four sisters
2	who are coping , in one way or another , with life
2	are coping , in one way or another , with life
2	coping , in one way or another , with life
2	coping , in one way or another ,
2	coping , in one way or another
2	coping ,
2	in one way or another
2	one way or another
2	one way or
2	one way
2	with life
2	's endgame .
3	's endgame
3	Passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly ...
4	Passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly
3	Passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears
3	, melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears
2	melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears
3	, sorrow , laugther , and tears
2	sorrow , laugther , and tears
2	, laugther , and tears
2	laugther , and tears
2	, and tears
3	, and
3	cascade over the screen effortlessly
2	cascade over the screen
2	over the screen
2	the screen
4	Road to Perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing .
4	Road to Perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing
3	Road to Perdition does display greatness , and
2	Road to Perdition does display greatness ,
3	Road to Perdition does display greatness
2	Road to Perdition
2	to Perdition
3	does display greatness
3	display greatness
3	it 's worth seeing
3	's worth seeing
2	's worth
1	But it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
1	it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
0	also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
1	comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
1	comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won
2	with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won
1	the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won
0	the laziness and arrogance
0	laziness and arrogance
2	laziness and
2	of a thing that already knows it 's won
3	a thing that already knows it 's won
2	a thing
3	that already knows it 's won
3	already knows it 's won
3	knows it 's won
3	it 's won
2	's won
3	A marvelous performance by Allison Lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .
4	A marvelous performance by Allison Lohman as an identity-seeking foster child
4	A marvelous performance by Allison Lohman
4	A marvelous performance
3	marvelous performance
2	by Allison Lohman
2	Allison Lohman
2	as an identity-seeking foster child
2	an identity-seeking foster child
2	identity-seeking foster child
2	foster child
4	Arliss Howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , Big Bad Love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
3	Arliss Howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , Big Bad Love ,
4	Arliss Howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , Big Bad Love
3	Arliss Howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut ,
3	Arliss Howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut
2	Arliss Howard 's
2	Howard 's
4	ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut
4	, moving , and adventurous directorial debut
3	moving , and adventurous directorial debut
4	moving , and adventurous
2	, and adventurous
3	, and
2	directorial debut
3	Big Bad Love
3	Bad Love
3	meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
3	meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws
3	so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws
2	so many of the challenges
2	so many
2	of the challenges
2	the challenges
2	it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws
3	poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws
2	poses for itself
2	for itself
2	that one can forgive the film its flaws
2	one can forgive the film its flaws
2	can forgive the film its flaws
2	forgive the film its flaws
1	the film its flaws
2	the film
1	its flaws
2	Critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-TV rendition of the notorious MTV show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps .
2	Critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-TV rendition of the notorious MTV show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps
2	Critics need a good laugh , too , and
3	Critics need a good laugh , too ,
2	Critics need a good laugh , too
3	need a good laugh , too
3	need a good laugh ,
3	need a good laugh
3	a good laugh
4	good laugh
2	this too-extreme-for-TV rendition of the notorious MTV show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps
2	this too-extreme-for-TV rendition of the notorious MTV show
2	this too-extreme-for-TV rendition
2	too-extreme-for-TV rendition
2	of the notorious MTV show
1	the notorious MTV show
2	notorious MTV show
2	MTV show
2	delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps
2	the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps
3	the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods
3	outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods
2	outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting
2	, sickening , sidesplitting
1	sickening , sidesplitting
3	, sidesplitting
2	in steaming , visceral heaps
1	steaming , visceral heaps
2	, visceral heaps
2	visceral heaps
3	What a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is .
3	What a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this
3	a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this
3	a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie
3	dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie
3	, fun , curiously adolescent movie
3	fun , curiously adolescent movie
2	, curiously adolescent movie
2	curiously adolescent movie
2	adolescent movie
2	is .
3	The charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film 's problems .
3	The charms of the lead performances
2	The charms
2	of the lead performances
2	the lead performances
3	lead performances
2	allow us to forget most of the film 's problems .
2	allow us to forget most of the film 's problems
1	us to forget most of the film 's problems
2	to forget most of the film 's problems
2	forget most of the film 's problems
2	most of the film 's problems
1	of the film 's problems
1	the film 's problems
2	the film 's
2	film 's
3	A vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .
3	A vivid , sometimes surreal ,
4	A vivid , sometimes surreal
2	A vivid ,
3	A vivid
2	sometimes surreal
2	glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .
3	glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior
2	into the mysteries of human behavior
3	the mysteries of human behavior
2	the mysteries
2	of human behavior
2	human behavior
3	A tour de force of modern cinema .
3	A tour de force of modern cinema
3	A tour de force
2	tour de force
2	de force
2	of modern cinema
2	modern cinema
4	Peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the Dogtown experience .
3	captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the Dogtown experience .
4	captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the Dogtown experience
3	captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago ,
3	captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago
2	captures ,
4	in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago
4	luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago
2	luminous interviews and
4	luminous interviews
3	amazingly evocative film from three decades ago
4	amazingly evocative film
4	amazingly evocative
2	from three decades ago
2	three decades ago
2	three decades
2	the essence of the Dogtown experience
2	the essence
2	of the Dogtown experience
2	the Dogtown experience
2	Dogtown experience
4	The lively appeal of The Last Kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .
3	The lively appeal of The Last Kiss
3	The lively appeal
2	lively appeal
2	of The Last Kiss
3	The Last Kiss
2	Last Kiss
3	lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .
3	lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy
3	in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy
3	the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy
2	the ease
3	with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy
2	with which
3	it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy
3	integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy
2	thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy
3	and pasta-fagioli comedy
2	pasta-fagioli comedy
4	Without resorting to camp or parody , Haynes -LRB- like Sirk , but differently -RRB- has transformed the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
3	Without resorting to camp or parody
1	resorting to camp or parody
2	to camp or parody
2	camp or parody
2	camp or
3	, Haynes -LRB- like Sirk , but differently -RRB- has transformed the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
3	Haynes -LRB- like Sirk , but differently -RRB- has transformed the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
2	Haynes -LRB- like Sirk , but differently -RRB-
2	Haynes -LRB- like Sirk , but differently
2	Haynes -LRB-
2	like Sirk , but differently
2	like Sirk
2	, but differently
2	, but
4	has transformed the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
3	has transformed the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange
3	transformed the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange
3	transformed the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama
2	the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama
2	the rhetoric
2	of Hollywood melodrama
2	Hollywood melodrama
3	into something provocative , rich , and strange
3	something provocative , rich , and strange
3	something provocative ,
3	something provocative
3	rich , and strange
2	, and strange
3	, and
4	The performances are an absolute joy .
2	The performances
4	are an absolute joy .
3	are an absolute joy
4	an absolute joy
3	absolute joy
3	A quasi-documentary by French filmmaker Karim Dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of Cuban music .
3	A quasi-documentary by French filmmaker Karim Dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of Cuban music
2	A quasi-documentary
3	by French filmmaker Karim Dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of Cuban music
3	French filmmaker Karim Dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of Cuban music
2	French filmmaker Karim Dridi
2	filmmaker Karim Dridi
2	Karim Dridi
2	that celebrates the hardy spirit of Cuban music
3	celebrates the hardy spirit of Cuban music
3	the hardy spirit of Cuban music
3	the hardy spirit
2	hardy spirit
2	of Cuban music
2	Cuban music
3	Grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .
3	carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .
4	carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect
2	carries the day
2	the day
4	with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect
4	impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect
3	impeccable comic timing ,
3	impeccable comic timing
2	comic timing
2	raffish charm and piercing intellect
2	raffish charm and
3	raffish charm
3	piercing intellect
3	A sensitive and astute first feature by Anne-Sophie Birot .
3	A sensitive and astute
3	sensitive and astute
3	sensitive and
2	first feature by Anne-Sophie Birot .
2	feature by Anne-Sophie Birot .
2	feature by Anne-Sophie Birot
3	by Anne-Sophie Birot
2	Anne-Sophie Birot
3	Both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , What Time Is It There ?
3	Both exuberantly romantic and serenely
4	Both exuberantly
3	romantic and serenely
3	romantic and
2	melancholy , What Time Is It There ?
2	melancholy ,
2	What Time Is It There ?
2	What Time
2	Is It There ?
2	Is It There
2	Is It
4	may prove to be -LRB- Tsai 's -RRB- masterpiece .
4	may prove to be -LRB- Tsai 's -RRB- masterpiece
4	prove to be -LRB- Tsai 's -RRB- masterpiece
4	to be -LRB- Tsai 's -RRB- masterpiece
2	be -LRB- Tsai 's -RRB- masterpiece
4	-LRB- Tsai 's -RRB- masterpiece
2	-LRB- Tsai 's -RRB-
2	Tsai 's -RRB-
2	Tsai 's
4	Mazel tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the Yiddish stage .
3	tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the Yiddish stage .
2	tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the Yiddish stage
3	tov to a film about a family 's joyous life
3	to a film about a family 's joyous life
2	a film about a family 's joyous life
2	a film
3	about a family 's joyous life
2	a family 's joyous life
2	a family 's
2	family 's
3	joyous life
2	acting on the Yiddish stage
2	on the Yiddish stage
2	the Yiddish stage
3	Yiddish stage
4	Standing in the Shadows of Motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .
2	Standing in the Shadows of Motown
2	in the Shadows of Motown
3	the Shadows of Motown
2	the Shadows
2	of Motown
4	is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .
3	is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
4	the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
4	the best kind
4	best kind
3	of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
2	documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
2	documentary ,
2	one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
3	that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
3	makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
2	a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
2	a depleted yesterday
2	depleted yesterday
3	feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
2	feel very much like a brand-new
2	very much like a brand-new
2	much like a brand-new
2	like a brand-new
2	a brand-new
3	It 's nice to see Piscopo again after all these years , and Chaykin and Headly are priceless .
3	It 's nice to see Piscopo again after all these years , and Chaykin and Headly are priceless
3	It 's nice to see Piscopo again after all these years , and
3	It 's nice to see Piscopo again after all these years ,
4	It 's nice to see Piscopo again after all these years
3	's nice to see Piscopo again after all these years
3	nice to see Piscopo again after all these years
2	to see Piscopo again after all these years
2	see Piscopo again after all these years
2	see Piscopo again
2	see Piscopo
2	after all these years
2	all these years
2	these years
2	Chaykin and Headly are priceless
2	Chaykin and Headly
2	Chaykin and
3	are priceless
2	Provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all .
3	Provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all
2	Provides a porthole
2	a porthole
2	into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all
2	that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all
3	that noble , trembling incoherence
1	noble , trembling incoherence
1	, trembling incoherence
1	trembling incoherence
2	that defines us all
2	defines us all
3	us all
1	Simplistic , silly and tedious .
1	Simplistic , silly and tedious
2	Simplistic ,
1	silly and tedious
1	silly and
2	It 's so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny .
0	It 's so laddish and juvenile
1	's so laddish and juvenile
2	so laddish and juvenile
1	laddish and juvenile
2	laddish and
2	, only teenage boys could possibly find it funny .
1	only teenage boys could possibly find it funny .
2	only teenage boys
2	teenage boys
2	could possibly find it funny .
2	could possibly find it funny
2	could possibly
3	find it funny
3	it funny
1	Exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .
0	Exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable
1	Exploitative and largely devoid
1	Exploitative and
1	largely devoid
2	of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable
2	the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable
2	the depth or sophistication
2	depth or sophistication
2	depth or
1	that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable
2	would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable
3	make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable
2	watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable
2	such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable
3	such a graphic treatment of the crimes
2	such a graphic treatment
2	a graphic treatment
3	graphic treatment
2	of the crimes
2	the crimes
2	-LRB- Garbus -RRB- discards the potential for pathological study , exhuming instead , the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation .
3	-LRB- Garbus -RRB-
2	Garbus -RRB-
1	discards the potential for pathological study , exhuming instead , the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation .
2	discards the potential for pathological study , exhuming instead , the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation
2	the potential for pathological study , exhuming instead , the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation
2	the potential for pathological study , exhuming instead ,
2	the potential for pathological study , exhuming instead
2	the potential for pathological study ,
2	the potential for pathological study
2	the potential
2	for pathological study
2	pathological study
2	exhuming instead
2	the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation
3	the skewed melodrama
1	skewed melodrama
3	of the circumstantial situation
2	the circumstantial situation
2	circumstantial situation
1	A visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .
1	A visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid
1	visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid
1	visually flashy but narratively opaque and
2	visually flashy but narratively opaque
2	visually flashy but
3	visually flashy
2	narratively opaque
1	emotionally vapid
3	exercise in style and mystification .
3	exercise in style and mystification
2	in style and mystification
3	style and mystification
3	style and
1	The story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count .
2	The story
0	is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count .
1	is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count
0	is also as unoriginal
2	is also
1	as unoriginal
1	as they come , already having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count
1	they come , already having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count
0	come , already having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count
2	come , already
2	come ,
0	having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count
0	been recycled more times than I 'd care to count
1	recycled more times than I 'd care to count
1	recycled more times
2	more times
2	than I 'd care to count
2	I 'd care to count
2	'd care to count
2	care to count
2	to count
0	About the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time .
2	About the only thing to give the movie points for
2	About the only thing
2	the only thing
2	only thing
2	to give the movie points for
3	give the movie points for
2	give the movie points
2	give the movie
2	the movie
2	is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time .
1	is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time
1	bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time
2	bravado --
0	to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time
1	take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time
1	take an entirely stale concept and
2	take an entirely stale concept
1	an entirely stale concept
0	entirely stale concept
1	entirely stale
1	push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time
2	push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more
2	push it
1	through the audience 's meat grinder one more
2	through the audience 's meat grinder
2	the audience 's meat grinder
2	the audience 's
2	audience 's
2	meat grinder
2	one more
1	Not so much farcical as sour .
1	so much farcical as sour .
2	so much farcical as sour
1	so much farcical
2	much farcical
2	as sour
1	Unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .
1	the story and the actors are served with a hack script .
2	the story and the actors
2	the story and
2	the story
2	the actors
1	are served with a hack script .
0	are served with a hack script
1	served with a hack script
1	with a hack script
1	a hack script
1	hack script
1	All the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject .
2	All the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject
2	All the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but
1	All the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders ,
1	All the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders
2	All the
2	more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders
2	disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders
2	for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders
2	its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders
2	its relatively gore-free allusions
2	relatively gore-free allusions
3	relatively gore-free
2	to the serial murders
2	the serial murders
3	serial murders
1	it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject
1	falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject
1	falls down
2	in its attempts to humanize its subject
2	its attempts to humanize its subject
2	attempts to humanize its subject
2	to humanize its subject
3	humanize its subject
2	its subject
0	A sentimental mess that never rings true .
0	A sentimental mess that never rings true
1	A sentimental mess that never
1	A sentimental mess
1	sentimental mess
1	that never
2	rings true
1	While the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour TV documentary .
3	While the performances are often engaging
4	the performances are often engaging
2	the performances
3	are often engaging
2	are often
1	, this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour TV documentary .
1	this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour TV documentary .
1	this loose collection of largely improvised numbers
2	this loose collection
2	loose collection
2	of largely improvised numbers
2	largely improvised numbers
1	largely improvised
1	would probably have worked better as a one-hour TV documentary .
1	would probably have worked better as a one-hour TV documentary
2	would probably
2	have worked better as a one-hour TV documentary
1	worked better as a one-hour TV documentary
2	worked better
2	as a one-hour TV documentary
2	a one-hour TV documentary
2	one-hour TV documentary
2	TV documentary
2	Interesting , but not compelling .
1	, but not compelling .
1	, but not compelling
2	, but
1	not compelling
0	On a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made No Such Thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
2	On a cutting room floor
2	a cutting room floor
2	cutting room floor
2	room floor
0	somewhere lies ... footage that might have made No Such Thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
1	lies ... footage that might have made No Such Thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
1	lies ... footage that might have made No Such Thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire
1	lies ...
1	footage that might have made No Such Thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire
2	footage that might have made No Such Thing
3	that might have made No Such Thing
2	might have made No Such Thing
2	have made No Such Thing
1	made No Such Thing
2	No Such Thing
2	Such Thing
3	a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire
2	a trenchant , ironic cultural satire
2	trenchant , ironic cultural satire
2	, ironic cultural satire
3	ironic cultural satire
3	cultural satire
2	instead of a frustrating misfire
1	of a frustrating misfire
1	a frustrating misfire
1	frustrating misfire
1	While the ensemble player who gained notice in Guy Ritchie 's Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch has the bod , he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
2	While the ensemble player who gained notice in Guy Ritchie 's Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch has the bod
2	the ensemble player who gained notice in Guy Ritchie 's Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch has the bod
2	the ensemble player who gained notice in Guy Ritchie 's Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch
2	the ensemble player
2	ensemble player
2	who gained notice in Guy Ritchie 's Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch
2	gained notice in Guy Ritchie 's Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch
2	gained notice
2	in Guy Ritchie 's Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch
2	Guy Ritchie 's Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch
3	Guy Ritchie 's Lock ,
2	Guy Ritchie 's Lock
2	Guy Ritchie 's
2	Ritchie 's
2	Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch
2	Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and
2	Stock and Two Smoking Barrels
1	and Two Smoking Barrels
2	Two Smoking Barrels
2	Smoking Barrels
2	has the bod
2	the bod
1	, he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
1	he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
1	's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
1	's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle
1	unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle
3	to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle
3	become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle
3	become a household name
2	a household name
3	household name
2	on the basis of his first starring vehicle
2	the basis of his first starring vehicle
2	the basis
2	of his first starring vehicle
2	his first starring vehicle
2	first starring vehicle
2	starring vehicle
1	There is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
2	is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
2	a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
2	a difference
2	between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
3	movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
2	with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
3	the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
2	courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
2	to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
1	go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
2	go over
1	the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
3	the top and movies
2	top and movies
2	top and
1	that do n't care about being stupid
1	do n't care about being stupid
2	do n't
2	care about being stupid
2	about being stupid
1	being stupid
1	Nothing here seems as funny as it did in Analyze This , not even Joe Viterelli as De Niro 's right-hand goombah .
2	here seems as funny as it did in Analyze This , not even Joe Viterelli as De Niro 's right-hand goombah .
3	seems as funny as it did in Analyze This , not even Joe Viterelli as De Niro 's right-hand goombah .
2	seems as funny as it did in Analyze This , not even Joe Viterelli as De Niro 's right-hand goombah
3	seems as funny
3	as funny
2	as it did in Analyze This , not even Joe Viterelli as De Niro 's right-hand goombah
2	it did in Analyze This , not even Joe Viterelli as De Niro 's right-hand goombah
2	did in Analyze This , not even Joe Viterelli as De Niro 's right-hand goombah
2	did in Analyze This , not even Joe Viterelli
2	in Analyze This , not even Joe Viterelli
2	Analyze This , not even Joe Viterelli
2	Analyze This , not even
1	Analyze This , not
2	Analyze This ,
2	Analyze This
2	Joe Viterelli
2	as De Niro 's right-hand goombah
1	De Niro 's right-hand goombah
2	De Niro 's
2	Niro 's
2	right-hand goombah
4	Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls '' and last year 's `` Rollerball . ''
3	Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls '' and last year 's `` Rollerball .
4	Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls '' and last year 's `` Rollerball
4	Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls '' and
4	Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls ''
4	Such master screenwriting
2	master screenwriting
2	comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls ''
3	courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls ''
2	of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls ''
2	John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls ''
2	John Pogue ,
2	John Pogue
2	the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls ''
2	the Yale grad
3	Yale grad
2	who previously gave us `` The Skulls ''
2	previously gave us `` The Skulls ''
2	gave us `` The Skulls ''
2	gave us
2	`` The Skulls ''
2	The Skulls ''
2	Skulls ''
2	last year 's `` Rollerball
2	last year
2	's `` Rollerball
2	's ``
0	Enough said , except : Film overboard !
1	said , except : Film overboard !
2	said , except : Film overboard
2	said ,
1	except : Film overboard
2	except :
2	Film overboard
1	Here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit Sascha .
1	, common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit Sascha .
0	common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit Sascha .
3	common sense
2	flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit Sascha .
2	flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit Sascha
2	out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit Sascha
2	the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit Sascha
2	the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit
2	the window ,
2	the window
2	along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit
1	with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit
1	the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit
2	the hail
2	of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit
2	bullets , none of which ever seem to hit
2	bullets ,
1	none of which ever seem to hit
2	none of which
2	of which
2	ever seem to hit
3	seem to hit
2	to hit
1	This 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .
2	This 100-minute movie
2	100-minute movie
1	only has about 25 minutes of decent material .
3	has about 25 minutes of decent material .
1	has about 25 minutes of decent material
1	about 25 minutes of decent material
2	about 25 minutes
2	about 25
2	of decent material
3	decent material
2	The execution is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that Rob Schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl .
2	The execution
0	is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that Rob Schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl .
1	is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that Rob Schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl
2	is so pedestrian
2	so pedestrian
2	that the most positive comment we can make is that Rob Schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl
2	the most positive comment we can make is that Rob Schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl
3	the most positive comment we can make
2	the most positive comment
3	most positive comment
3	most positive
2	we can make
2	can make
3	is that Rob Schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl
3	that Rob Schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl
3	Rob Schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl
2	Rob Schneider
3	actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl
3	turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl
3	in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl
3	a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl
4	a pretty convincing performance
3	pretty convincing performance
3	pretty convincing
1	as a prissy teenage girl
2	a prissy teenage girl
2	prissy teenage girl
2	teenage girl
1	On its own , it 's not very interesting .
2	On its own
3	its own
1	, it 's not very interesting .
1	it 's not very interesting .
1	's not very interesting .
1	's not very interesting
2	's not
3	very interesting
0	As a remake , it 's a pale imitation .
2	As a remake
2	a remake
1	, it 's a pale imitation .
1	it 's a pale imitation .
1	's a pale imitation .
1	's a pale imitation
1	a pale imitation
1	pale imitation
0	It shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .
0	shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .
1	shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action
2	that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action
2	some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action
2	some studios
0	firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action
1	believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action
1	believe that people have lost the ability to think and
1	believe that people have lost the ability to think
2	that people have lost the ability to think
1	people have lost the ability to think
1	have lost the ability to think
1	lost the ability to think
2	the ability to think
3	ability to think
2	to think
1	will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action
3	forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action
2	forgive any shoddy product
1	any shoddy product
0	shoddy product
2	as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action
2	as long
2	as there 's a little girl-on-girl action
2	there 's a little girl-on-girl action
2	's a little girl-on-girl action
2	a little girl-on-girl action
2	little girl-on-girl action
2	girl-on-girl action
2	A farce of a parody of a comedy of a premise , it is n't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .
1	A farce of a parody of a comedy of a premise
1	A farce
1	of a parody of a comedy of a premise
2	a parody of a comedy of a premise
2	a parody
3	of a comedy of a premise
3	a comedy of a premise
2	a comedy
2	of a premise
2	a premise
1	, it is n't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .
3	it is n't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .
2	is n't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .
2	is n't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films
2	is n't a comparison to reality
2	is n't a comparison
1	is n't
2	a comparison
2	to reality
3	so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films
2	so much
2	as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films
2	it is a commentary about our knowledge of films
3	is a commentary about our knowledge of films
1	a commentary about our knowledge of films
1	a commentary
2	about our knowledge of films
2	our knowledge of films
2	our knowledge
2	of films
0	As exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical Pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
2	As exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical Pax viewer
2	exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical Pax viewer
2	exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical Pax
2	as all this exoticism might sound to the typical Pax
3	all this exoticism might sound to the typical Pax
2	all this exoticism
2	this exoticism
2	might sound to the typical Pax
2	sound to the typical Pax
2	to the typical Pax
2	the typical Pax
1	typical Pax
1	, the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
1	the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
2	the rest of us
2	the rest
2	of us
0	will be lulled into a coma .
1	will be lulled into a coma
0	be lulled into a coma
0	lulled into a coma
2	into a coma
1	a coma
2	The party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks .
2	The party scenes
2	party scenes
2	deliver some tawdry kicks .
3	deliver some tawdry kicks
2	some tawdry kicks
2	tawdry kicks
0	The rest of the film ... is dudsville .
2	The rest of the film
2	The rest
2	of the film
2	the film
0	... is dudsville .
1	is dudsville .
1	is dudsville
0	Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and I know this because I 've seen ` jackass : the movie . '
1	Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and I know this because I 've seen ` jackass : the movie .
1	Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and I know this because I 've seen ` jackass : the movie
1	Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and
0	Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender --
0	Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender
2	Our culture
0	is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender
0	headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender
0	headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito
1	down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito
2	down the toilet
2	the toilet
1	with the ferocity of a frozen burrito
2	the ferocity of a frozen burrito
2	the ferocity
2	of a frozen burrito
2	a frozen burrito
2	frozen burrito
2	after an all-night tequila bender
2	an all-night tequila bender
2	all-night tequila bender
3	tequila bender
2	I know this because I 've seen ` jackass : the movie
2	know this because I 've seen ` jackass : the movie
2	know this
2	because I 've seen ` jackass : the movie
2	I 've seen ` jackass : the movie
2	've seen ` jackass : the movie
2	seen ` jackass : the movie
2	` jackass : the movie
2	jackass : the movie
2	jackass :
2	the movie
1	The criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...
2	The criticism
0	never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...
3	rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...
3	rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters
1	above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters
1	easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters
1	easy , cynical potshots
2	easy , cynical
1	, cynical
2	at morally bankrupt characters
1	morally bankrupt characters
1	morally bankrupt
1	The movie 's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story .
2	The movie 's something-borrowed construction
2	The movie 's
2	movie 's
2	something-borrowed construction
1	feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story .
1	feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story
1	less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story
2	the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story
2	the product of loving , well integrated homage and
3	the product of loving , well integrated homage
2	the product of loving ,
2	the product of loving
3	the product
3	of loving
2	well integrated homage
3	well integrated
0	more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story
1	like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story
0	a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story
1	a mere excuse
2	mere excuse
1	for the wan , thinly sketched story
1	the wan , thinly sketched story
2	the wan ,
2	the wan
1	thinly sketched story
2	thinly sketched
0	Killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .
1	Killing time
2	, that 's all that 's going on here .
1	that 's all that 's going on here .
2	's all that 's going on here .
2	's all that 's going on here
2	all that 's going on here
2	that 's going on here
2	's going on here
2	going on here
2	going on
2	Somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as Demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems , but the field of roughage dominates .
2	Somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as Demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems , but the field of roughage dominates
2	Somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as Demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems , but
3	Somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as Demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems ,
3	Somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as Demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems
3	Somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as Demme experiments
3	in the middle , the film compels , as Demme experiments
3	in the middle , the film compels ,
3	the middle , the film compels ,
3	the middle , the film compels
2	the middle ,
2	the middle
3	the film compels
3	film compels
2	as Demme experiments
2	Demme experiments
3	he harvests a few movie moment gems
3	harvests a few movie moment gems
3	a few movie moment gems
2	few movie moment gems
4	movie moment gems
3	moment gems
2	the field of roughage dominates
2	the field of roughage
2	the field
2	of roughage
1	The action clichés just pile up .
1	The action clichés
0	action clichés
2	just pile up .
2	pile up .
2	pile up
1	Payami tries to raise some serious issues about Iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .
1	Payami tries to raise some serious issues about Iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast
2	Payami tries to raise some serious issues about Iran 's electoral process , but
1	Payami tries to raise some serious issues about Iran 's electoral process ,
2	Payami tries to raise some serious issues about Iran 's electoral process
2	tries to raise some serious issues about Iran 's electoral process
2	to raise some serious issues about Iran 's electoral process
2	raise some serious issues about Iran 's electoral process
2	some serious issues about Iran 's electoral process
1	some serious issues
2	serious issues
2	about Iran 's electoral process
2	Iran 's electoral process
2	Iran 's
2	electoral process
1	the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast
2	the result
1	is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast
1	a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast
2	a film
1	that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast
2	's about as subtle as a party political broadcast
2	's about as subtle
2	about as subtle
2	as subtle
2	as a party political broadcast
1	a party political broadcast
2	party political broadcast
2	political broadcast
1	The only surprise is that heavyweights Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis agreed to produce this ; I assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear .
2	The only surprise is that heavyweights Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis agreed to produce this ; I assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear
2	The only surprise is that heavyweights Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis agreed to produce this ;
1	The only surprise is that heavyweights Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis agreed to produce this
1	The only surprise
1	only surprise
2	is that heavyweights Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis agreed to produce this
2	that heavyweights Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis agreed to produce this
3	heavyweights Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis agreed to produce this
3	heavyweights Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis
2	Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis
2	Silver and Robert Zemeckis
2	and Robert Zemeckis
2	Robert Zemeckis
2	agreed to produce this
2	to produce this
2	produce this
2	I assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear
1	assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear
2	the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear
2	the director
3	has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear
2	pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear
2	of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear
2	them cavorting in ladies ' underwear
2	cavorting in ladies ' underwear
2	in ladies ' underwear
2	ladies ' underwear
2	ladies '
1	Another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s American sports movie .
0	Another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s American sports movie
1	Another useless recycling of a brutal mid -
1	Another useless recycling of a brutal mid
0	Another useless recycling
2	useless recycling
1	of a brutal mid
2	a brutal mid
1	brutal mid
2	'70s American sports movie
2	'70s American sports
3	American sports
0	Please , someone , stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film .
1	, someone , stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film .
0	someone , stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film .
0	, stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film .
2	stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film .
0	stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film
2	stop Eric Schaeffer
2	Eric Schaeffer
2	before he makes another film
2	he makes another film
2	makes another film
2	another film
0	Most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
1	Most of the problems with the film
1	of the problems with the film
1	the problems with the film
1	the problems
2	with the film
2	the film
1	do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
2	do n't
1	derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
2	derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances
1	from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances
2	the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances
3	the screenplay , but rather
2	the screenplay ,
2	the screenplay
2	but rather
2	the mediocre performances
2	mediocre performances
2	by most of the actors involved
2	most of the actors involved
2	of the actors involved
2	the actors involved
2	the actors
2	... if you 're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch Freaks as a matinee .
2	if you 're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch Freaks as a matinee .
1	if you 're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie
3	you 're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie
1	're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie
2	're just
2	in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie
3	the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie
2	the mood
1	for a fun -- but bad -- movie
1	a fun -- but bad -- movie
1	fun -- but bad -- movie
0	-- but bad -- movie
1	-- but bad --
2	-- but bad
2	-- but
2	, you might want to catch Freaks as a matinee .
2	you might want to catch Freaks as a matinee .
2	might want to catch Freaks as a matinee .
2	might want to catch Freaks as a matinee
2	want to catch Freaks as a matinee
2	to catch Freaks as a matinee
2	catch Freaks as a matinee
2	catch Freaks
1	as a matinee
2	a matinee
2	Curling may be a unique sport but Men with Brooms is distinctly ordinary .
1	Curling may be a unique sport but Men with Brooms is distinctly ordinary
2	Curling may be a unique sport but
3	Curling may be a unique sport
2	may be a unique sport
2	be a unique sport
2	a unique sport
2	unique sport
1	Men with Brooms is distinctly ordinary
2	Men with Brooms
2	with Brooms
2	is distinctly ordinary
2	distinctly ordinary
2	Though the opera itself takes place mostly indoors , Jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set .
2	Though the opera itself takes place mostly indoors
2	the opera itself takes place mostly indoors
2	the opera itself takes
2	the opera
2	itself takes
2	place mostly indoors
2	place mostly
1	, Jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set .
1	Jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set .
1	seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set .
1	seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set
1	unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set
2	of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set
2	how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set
2	to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set
3	evoke any sort of naturalism on the set
2	evoke any sort of naturalism
2	any sort of naturalism
2	any sort
2	of naturalism
2	on the set
2	the set
2	There 's no getting around the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited -- again .
3	's no getting around the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited -- again .
2	's no getting around the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited -- again
1	no getting around the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited -- again
1	getting around the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited -- again
1	getting around the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited --
1	getting around the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited
2	getting around
2	the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited
3	fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited
1	that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited
2	this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited
2	is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited
2	Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited
2	Of The Nerds Revisited
2	The Nerds Revisited
2	Nerds Revisited
0	The effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable .
1	The effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable
2	The effort is sincere and the results are honest , but
3	The effort is sincere and the results are honest ,
3	The effort is sincere and the results are honest
3	The effort is sincere and
3	The effort is sincere
2	The effort
3	is sincere
3	the results are honest
2	the results
2	are honest
0	the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable
2	the film
0	is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable
1	is so bleak
1	so bleak
0	that it 's hardly watchable
0	it 's hardly watchable
0	's hardly watchable
1	hardly watchable
2	Analyze That regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film 's successes , with a few new swings thrown in .
1	Analyze That regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film 's successes , with a few new swings thrown in
1	That regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film 's successes , with a few new swings thrown in
0	That regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film 's successes ,
2	That regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film 's successes
0	That regurgitates and waters down many
1	That regurgitates and waters
2	regurgitates and waters
2	regurgitates and
2	down many
3	of the previous film 's successes
3	the previous film 's successes
2	the previous film 's
2	previous film 's
2	film 's
2	with a few new swings thrown in
3	a few new swings thrown in
3	a few new swings
2	few new swings
3	new swings
2	thrown in
1	With flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , Undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .
1	With flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity
1	flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity
2	flashbulb editing
2	as cover for the absence of narrative continuity
2	cover for the absence of narrative continuity
2	for the absence of narrative continuity
1	the absence of narrative continuity
2	the absence
2	of narrative continuity
3	narrative continuity
2	, Undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .
1	Undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .
0	is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .
0	is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
1	is nearly incoherent ,
0	is nearly incoherent
1	nearly incoherent
0	an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
1	excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
1	to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
1	get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
2	get to the closing bout ...
2	get to the closing bout
2	to the closing bout
2	the closing bout
2	closing bout
1	by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
2	by which time
2	which time
0	it 's impossible to care who wins
2	's impossible to care who wins
2	impossible to care who wins
2	to care who wins
2	care who wins
2	who wins
1	Stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .
0	Stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom
0	Stinks from start
2	from start
1	to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom
1	finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom
2	finish ,
0	like a wet burlap sack of gloom
1	a wet burlap sack of gloom
1	a wet burlap sack
1	wet burlap sack
2	burlap sack
2	of gloom
0	To the civilized mind , a movie like Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
2	To the civilized mind
2	the civilized mind
2	civilized mind
1	, a movie like Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
0	a movie like Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
2	a movie like Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever
2	a movie
2	like Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever
2	Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever
3	Ballistic :
2	Ecks Vs. Sever
2	Vs. Sever
0	is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
1	is more of an ordeal than an amusement
0	more of an ordeal than an amusement
1	of an ordeal than an amusement
1	an ordeal than an amusement
1	an ordeal
2	than an amusement
3	an amusement
1	Equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and Farenheit 451 .
2	could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and Farenheit 451 .
0	could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and Farenheit 451
0	pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and Farenheit 451
1	pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report
1	for a thirteen-year-old 's book report
3	a thirteen-year-old 's book report
2	a thirteen-year-old 's
2	thirteen-year-old 's
1	book report
2	on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and Farenheit 451
2	the totalitarian themes of 1984 and Farenheit 451
2	the totalitarian themes
2	totalitarian themes
2	of 1984 and Farenheit 451
2	1984 and Farenheit 451
2	1984 and
2	Farenheit 451
0	The lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... It 's a pity that -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- achievement does n't match his ambition .
1	The lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... It 's a pity that -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- achievement does n't match his ambition
1	The lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ...
1	The lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced
2	The lack of naturalness
1	The lack
2	of naturalness
2	makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced
1	everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced
1	seem self-consciously poetic and forced
3	seem self-consciously poetic and
2	seem self-consciously poetic
3	self-consciously poetic
0	It 's a pity that -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- achievement does n't match his ambition
1	's a pity that -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- achievement does n't match his ambition
2	a pity that -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- achievement does n't match his ambition
2	a pity
1	that -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- achievement does n't match his ambition
2	that -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- achievement
2	-LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- achievement
2	-LRB- Nelson 's -RRB-
2	Nelson 's -RRB-
2	Nelson 's
1	does n't match his ambition
1	does n't
3	match his ambition
2	his ambition
2	When Seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit , I wanted to stand up in the theater and shout , ` Hey , Kool-Aid ! '
2	When Seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit
1	Seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit
2	appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit
2	in an orange prison jumpsuit
2	an orange prison jumpsuit
2	orange prison jumpsuit
2	prison jumpsuit
2	, I wanted to stand up in the theater and shout , ` Hey , Kool-Aid ! '
3	I wanted to stand up in the theater and shout , ` Hey , Kool-Aid ! '
2	wanted to stand up in the theater and shout , ` Hey , Kool-Aid ! '
2	wanted to stand up in the theater and shout , ` Hey , Kool-Aid !
2	wanted to stand up in the theater and shout , ` Hey , Kool-Aid
2	to stand up in the theater and shout , ` Hey , Kool-Aid
2	stand up in the theater and shout , ` Hey , Kool-Aid
2	stand up in the theater and
3	stand up in the theater
2	stand up
2	in the theater
2	the theater
2	shout , ` Hey , Kool-Aid
2	shout , ` Hey ,
2	shout , ` Hey
2	shout , `
2	shout ,
2	An easy watch , except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character .
3	An easy watch
3	easy watch
1	, except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character .
1	except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character .
1	except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character
1	for the annoying demeanour of its lead character
1	the annoying demeanour of its lead character
1	the annoying demeanour
0	annoying demeanour
2	of its lead character
2	its lead character
2	lead character
1	Imagine the CleanFlicks version of ` Love Story , ' with Ali MacGraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .
2	Imagine the CleanFlicks version of ` Love Story , ' with Ali MacGraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes
2	the CleanFlicks version of ` Love Story , ' with Ali MacGraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes
2	the CleanFlicks version of ` Love Story , ' with Ali MacGraw 's profanities
2	the CleanFlicks version
2	CleanFlicks version
2	of ` Love Story , ' with Ali MacGraw 's profanities
2	` Love Story , ' with Ali MacGraw 's profanities
2	Love Story , ' with Ali MacGraw 's profanities
2	Love Story , '
2	Love Story ,
3	Love Story
2	with Ali MacGraw 's profanities
2	Ali MacGraw 's profanities
2	Ali MacGraw 's
2	MacGraw 's
1	replaced by romance-novel platitudes
2	by romance-novel platitudes
2	romance-novel platitudes
1	PC stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .
1	PC stability notwithstanding
2	PC stability
1	, the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .
1	the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .
2	the film
2	suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .
0	suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion
2	from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion
2	a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion
3	a simplistic narrative and
2	a simplistic narrative
2	simplistic narrative
2	a pat , fairy-tale conclusion
3	pat , fairy-tale conclusion
2	, fairy-tale conclusion
3	fairy-tale conclusion
1	Forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
2	Forget the misleading title
1	the misleading title
2	misleading title
1	, what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
2	what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
2	's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
1	's with the unexplained baboon cameo
1	with the unexplained baboon cameo
2	the unexplained baboon cameo
2	unexplained baboon cameo
2	baboon cameo
1	An odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .
1	An odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy
2	odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy
0	odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic
1	, haphazard , and inconsequential romantic
1	haphazard , and inconsequential romantic
2	, and inconsequential romantic
2	and inconsequential romantic
2	inconsequential romantic
1	Though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
4	Though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled
3	her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled
2	her fans
4	will assuredly have their funny bones tickled
3	will assuredly
3	have their funny bones tickled
3	their funny bones tickled
3	funny bones tickled
3	bones tickled
0	, others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
1	others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
2	will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
0	will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere
1	find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere
2	find their humor-seeking dollars
2	their humor-seeking dollars
2	humor-seeking dollars
1	best spent elsewhere
1	spent elsewhere
1	Pascale Bailly 's rom-com provides Amélie 's Audrey Tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest .
2	Pascale Bailly 's rom-com
2	Pascale Bailly 's
2	Bailly 's
2	provides Amélie 's Audrey Tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest .
3	provides Amélie 's Audrey Tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest
1	Amélie 's Audrey Tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest
2	Amélie 's Audrey Tautou with another fabuleux destin --
3	Amélie 's Audrey Tautou with another fabuleux destin
2	Amélie 's Audrey Tautou
2	Amélie 's
2	Audrey Tautou
2	with another fabuleux destin
2	another fabuleux destin
2	fabuleux destin
1	i.e. , a banal spiritual quest
2	i.e. ,
1	a banal spiritual quest
2	banal spiritual quest
2	spiritual quest
2	A static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes .
2	A static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding ,
2	A static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding
2	A static and sugary little half-hour ,
2	A static and sugary little half-hour
2	static and sugary little half-hour
2	and sugary little half-hour
2	sugary little half-hour
2	little half-hour
2	after-school special about interfaith understanding
2	after-school special
1	about interfaith understanding
2	interfaith understanding
2	stretched out to 90 minutes .
1	stretched out to 90 minutes
2	stretched out
2	to 90 minutes
2	90 minutes
3	Watching the chemistry between Freeman and Judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing .
2	Watching the chemistry between Freeman and Judd
2	the chemistry between Freeman and Judd
2	the chemistry
2	between Freeman and Judd
2	Freeman and Judd
2	Freeman and
2	, however , almost makes this movie worth seeing .
3	however , almost makes this movie worth seeing .
2	, almost makes this movie worth seeing .
2	almost makes this movie worth seeing .
2	almost makes this movie worth seeing
3	makes this movie worth seeing
3	this movie worth seeing
2	this movie
3	worth seeing
2	Almost .
1	... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .
1	a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .
1	a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman
0	a pretentious and ultimately empty examination
1	a pretentious and
2	a pretentious
1	ultimately empty examination
1	ultimately empty
3	of a sick and evil woman
1	a sick and evil woman
1	sick and evil woman
2	sick and evil
1	sick and
2	The Country Bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers .
2	The Country Bears
2	Country Bears
2	has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers .
3	has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers
3	no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers
2	no scenes
1	that will upset or frighten young viewers
1	will upset or frighten young viewers
2	upset or frighten young viewers
2	upset or frighten
2	upset or
2	young viewers
1	Unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
1	, there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
0	there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
1	is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
1	is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either
1	is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them ,
2	is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them
1	is almost
1	nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them
2	nothing in this flat effort
1	in this flat effort
0	this flat effort
1	flat effort
3	that will amuse or entertain them
3	will amuse or entertain them
3	amuse or entertain them
3	amuse or entertain
2	amuse or
0	The cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge .
1	The cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle
2	The cumulative effect
2	cumulative effect
2	of watching this 65-minute trifle
2	watching this 65-minute trifle
1	this 65-minute trifle
1	65-minute trifle
0	is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge .
0	is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge
1	rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge
0	like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge
2	being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge
1	trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge
2	while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge
1	some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge
2	some weird relative
2	weird relative
1	trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge
2	trots out
2	the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge
2	the video
2	he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge
2	took of the family vacation to Stonehenge
3	took of the family vacation
3	of the family vacation
2	the family vacation
2	family vacation
2	to Stonehenge
0	Before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .
2	Before long
1	, you 're desperate for the evening to end .
0	you 're desperate for the evening to end .
1	're desperate for the evening to end .
1	're desperate for the evening to end
1	desperate for the evening to end
2	for the evening to end
1	the evening to end
2	evening to end
2	to end
0	The characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
2	The characters
1	are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
1	are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach
2	are never
1	more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach
1	than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach
1	sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach
3	sketches ...
1	which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach
1	leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach
2	any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach
1	any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly
4	true emotional connection or identification frustratingly
2	emotional connection or identification frustratingly
1	connection or identification frustratingly
2	or identification frustratingly
2	identification frustratingly
1	out of reach
2	of reach
1	Mattei 's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .
1	Mattei 's underdeveloped effort
2	Mattei 's
1	underdeveloped effort
1	here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .
1	is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .
1	is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
2	nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
1	but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
0	a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
2	a convenient conveyor belt
2	convenient conveyor belt
2	conveyor belt
1	of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
1	brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
2	brooding personalities
1	that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
2	that parade about
2	that parade
1	as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
0	if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
2	if they were coming back from Stock Character camp
2	they were coming back from Stock Character camp
2	were coming back from Stock Character camp
1	coming back from Stock Character camp
2	coming back
2	from Stock Character camp
1	Stock Character camp
2	Character camp
2	-- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
0	a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
2	a drowsy drama
1	drowsy drama
2	infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
1	by its own pretentious self-examination
1	its own pretentious self-examination
1	own pretentious self-examination
2	pretentious self-examination
2	Only in its final surprising shots does Rabbit-Proof Fence find the authority it 's looking for .
2	Only in its final surprising shots
3	in its final surprising shots
3	its final surprising shots
3	final surprising shots
2	surprising shots
2	does Rabbit-Proof Fence find the authority it 's looking for .
2	does Rabbit-Proof Fence find the authority it 's looking for
2	does Rabbit-Proof Fence
2	Rabbit-Proof Fence
2	find the authority it 's looking for
2	the authority it 's looking for
1	the authority
2	it 's looking for
3	's looking for
2	looking for
1	Is n't as sharp as the original ... Despite some visual virtues , ` Blade II ' just does n't cut it .
2	Is n't as sharp as the original ... Despite some visual virtues , ` Blade II ' just does n't cut it
2	Is n't as sharp as the original ...
1	Is n't as sharp as the original
2	Is n't
3	as sharp as the original
4	sharp as the original
3	as the original
3	the original
2	Despite some visual virtues , ` Blade II ' just does n't cut it
2	Despite some visual virtues
3	some visual virtues
3	visual virtues
0	, ` Blade II ' just does n't cut it
1	` Blade II ' just does n't cut it
2	` Blade II '
2	Blade II '
2	II '
0	just does n't cut it
1	does n't cut it
1	does n't
2	cut it
0	... plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer -LRB- and -RRB- the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going .
1	plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer -LRB- and -RRB- the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going .
0	plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer -LRB- and -RRB- the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going
1	like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer -LRB- and -RRB- the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going
0	like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer -LRB- and -RRB-
0	a badly edited , 91-minute trailer -LRB- and -RRB-
0	a badly edited , 91-minute trailer
0	badly edited , 91-minute trailer
0	badly edited
1	, 91-minute trailer
1	91-minute trailer
2	-LRB- and -RRB-
2	and -RRB-
1	the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going
2	the director
0	ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going
2	ca n't
3	seem to get a coherent rhythm going
1	to get a coherent rhythm going
2	get a coherent rhythm going
3	a coherent rhythm going
3	a coherent rhythm
3	coherent rhythm
0	In fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .
2	In fact
1	, it does n't even seem like she tried .
0	it does n't even seem like she tried .
2	does n't even seem like she tried .
1	does n't even seem like she tried
2	does n't even
1	does n't
2	seem like she tried
2	like she tried
2	she tried
1	Maybe LeBlanc thought , `` Hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''
1	LeBlanc thought , `` Hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''
2	LeBlanc thought , `` Hey ,
2	LeBlanc thought , `` Hey
2	thought , `` Hey
2	thought , ``
2	thought ,
1	the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''
2	the movie about the baseball-playing monkey
2	the movie
2	about the baseball-playing monkey
3	the baseball-playing monkey
2	baseball-playing monkey
1	was worse . ''
1	was worse .
2	was worse
0	What you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height .
2	What you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height
2	What you expect is just what you get ...
2	What you expect is just what you get
2	What you expect
2	you expect
2	is just what you get
2	just what you get
2	just what
2	you get
1	assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height
2	assuming the bar of expectations
2	the bar of expectations
2	the bar
2	of expectations
2	has n't been raised above sixth-grade height
2	has n't
2	been raised above sixth-grade height
2	raised above sixth-grade height
2	above sixth-grade height
2	sixth-grade height
2	Barry Sonnenfeld owes Frank the Pug big time
2	Barry Sonnenfeld
2	owes Frank the Pug big time
2	owes Frank
3	the Pug big time
2	Pug big time
3	big time
0	The biggest problem with Roger Avary 's uproar against the MPAA is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .
1	The biggest problem with Roger Avary 's uproar against the MPAA
1	The biggest problem
2	biggest problem
2	with Roger Avary 's uproar against the MPAA
2	Roger Avary 's uproar against the MPAA
2	Roger Avary 's uproar
2	Roger Avary 's
2	Avary 's
2	against the MPAA
2	the MPAA
0	is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .
0	is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
0	that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
1	, even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
2	, even in all its director 's cut glory ,
2	even in all its director 's cut glory ,
3	in all its director 's cut glory ,
3	in all its director 's cut glory
2	all its director 's cut glory
3	its director 's cut glory
2	its director 's
2	director 's
2	cut glory
0	he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
1	's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
0	made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
0	a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
2	a film
0	that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
0	's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
1	barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
1	barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely
1	barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all ,
1	barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all
0	barely shocking , barely interesting and most
2	barely shocking , barely interesting and
1	barely shocking , barely interesting
1	barely shocking ,
1	barely shocking
1	barely interesting
2	of all
2	So riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along .
1	riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along .
0	riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it
0	with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it
1	unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it
2	unanswered questions
1	that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it
1	it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it
0	requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it
1	gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it
2	gargantuan leaps of faith just
2	gargantuan leaps
3	of faith just
2	faith just
2	to watch it
2	watch it
2	plod along .
2	plod along
0	I approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .
0	approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .
0	approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise
2	approached the usher and
2	approached the usher
2	the usher
1	said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise
1	that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise
1	if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise
2	if she had to sit through it again
1	she had to sit through it again
0	had to sit through it again
1	to sit through it again
3	sit through it again
2	sit through it
2	through it
2	, she should ask for a raise
2	she should ask for a raise
2	should ask for a raise
3	ask for a raise
2	for a raise
3	a raise
2	If Sinise 's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over .
1	If Sinise 's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot
2	Sinise 's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot
2	Sinise 's character
2	Sinise 's
1	had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot
2	a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot
2	a brain
2	his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot
1	his ordeal
0	would be over in five minutes but instead the plot
2	be over in five minutes but instead the plot
2	over in five minutes but instead the plot
2	in five minutes but instead the plot
2	five minutes but instead the plot
3	five minutes but instead
2	five minutes
2	but instead
2	the plot
2	goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over .
1	goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over
2	goes out
2	of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over
2	its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over
2	way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over
2	to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over
2	introduce obstacles for him to stumble over
2	introduce obstacles for him
2	obstacles for him
2	for him
2	to stumble over
2	stumble over
1	Too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .
1	Too slow for a younger crowd
1	slow for a younger crowd
2	for a younger crowd
2	a younger crowd
2	younger crowd
2	, too shallow for an older one .
1	too shallow for an older one .
1	too shallow for an older one
2	shallow for an older one
3	for an older one
2	an older one
2	older one
1	There 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .
0	's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .
1	's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening
1	a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening
2	a reason
2	the studio did n't offer an advance screening
2	the studio
1	did n't offer an advance screening
2	did n't
2	offer an advance screening
2	an advance screening
2	advance screening
0	`` The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker .
0	The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker .
2	The Adventures of Pluto Nash
2	The Adventures
2	of Pluto Nash
2	Pluto Nash
0	'' is a big time stinker .
0	is a big time stinker .
0	is a big time stinker
1	a big time stinker
0	big time stinker
0	time stinker
2	A punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters .
1	A punch line without a premise , a joke
2	A punch line
3	punch line
2	without a premise , a joke
2	a premise , a joke
2	a premise ,
2	a premise
2	a joke
1	built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters .
2	built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters
2	built entirely
2	from musty memories of half-dimensional characters
1	musty memories of half-dimensional characters
2	musty memories
1	of half-dimensional characters
1	half-dimensional characters
2	Takes one character we do n't like and another we do n't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny .
0	Takes one character we do n't like and another we do n't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
2	Takes one character we do n't like and
2	Takes one character we do n't like
2	Takes one character
2	one character
1	we do n't like
0	do n't like
2	do n't
0	another we do n't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
2	another we
1	do n't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
2	do n't believe , and
2	do n't believe ,
2	do n't believe
2	do n't
1	puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
2	puts them
1	into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
1	a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
2	a battle
2	of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
1	wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
1	that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
0	is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
1	is impossible to care about and
1	is impossible to care about
1	impossible to care about
3	to care about
2	care about
1	is n't very funny
1	is n't
4	very funny
1	The things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers .
1	The things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just
2	The things
2	this movie tries to get the audience to buy just
2	this movie
2	tries to get the audience to buy just
2	to get the audience to buy just
2	get the audience to buy just
2	the audience to buy just
2	audience to buy just
2	to buy just
2	buy just
1	wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers .
2	wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers
2	wo n't
3	fly with most intelligent viewers
3	with most intelligent viewers
3	most intelligent viewers
2	most intelligent
0	Even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
1	Even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness
1	if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness
2	the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness
3	the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity
3	the enticing prospect
3	enticing prospect
2	of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity
2	a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity
2	a lot
2	of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity
2	nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity
3	nubile young actors
2	young actors
2	in a film about campus depravity
2	a film about campus depravity
2	a film
2	about campus depravity
2	campus depravity
2	did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness
2	did n't
1	fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness
0	amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness
1	the deliberate , tiresome ugliness
2	the deliberate ,
2	the deliberate
0	tiresome ugliness
1	, it would be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
0	it would be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
0	would be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
0	would be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
0	be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
0	rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
0	rendered tedious
0	by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
1	Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
2	Avary 's
1	failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
1	to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
1	construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
3	construct a story
2	a story
2	with even a trace of dramatic interest
2	even a trace of dramatic interest
2	even a trace
2	a trace
3	of dramatic interest
3	dramatic interest
2	Sitting through the last reel -LRB- spoiler alert ! -RRB-
2	Sitting through the last reel
2	through the last reel
2	the last reel
2	last reel
2	-LRB- spoiler alert ! -RRB-
1	spoiler alert ! -RRB-
2	alert ! -RRB-
2	alert !
0	is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his Halloween trip to the Haunted House .
0	is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration
0	significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration
0	significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old
1	less charming than listening to a four-year-old
2	charming than listening to a four-year-old
2	than listening to a four-year-old
2	listening to a four-year-old
2	to a four-year-old
2	a four-year-old
1	with a taste for exaggeration
2	a taste for exaggeration
2	a taste
2	for exaggeration
2	recount his Halloween trip to the Haunted House .
2	recount his Halloween trip to the Haunted House
2	recount his Halloween trip
2	his Halloween trip
2	Halloween trip
1	to the Haunted House
2	the Haunted House
2	Haunted House
0	Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .
1	Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation
1	Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and
2	Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please ,
1	Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please
1	Confuses its message with an ultimate desire
1	Confuses its message
2	its message
2	with an ultimate desire
2	an ultimate desire
2	ultimate desire
2	to please
1	contorting itself into an idea of expectation
2	contorting itself
2	into an idea of expectation
3	an idea of expectation
2	an idea
2	of expectation
1	is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .
1	is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve
2	the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve
2	the last thing
2	last thing
1	any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve
2	any of these three actresses , nor their characters ,
2	any of these three actresses , nor their characters
2	any of these three actresses , nor
2	any of these three actresses ,
2	any of these three actresses
2	of these three actresses
2	these three actresses
2	three actresses
2	their characters
1	Deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .
0	Deadly dull
1	, pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .
1	pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .
1	pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel
1	pointless meditation
1	on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel
2	losers in a gone-to-seed hotel
2	in a gone-to-seed hotel
2	a gone-to-seed hotel
2	gone-to-seed hotel
2	With this new Rollerball , sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment .
3	With this new Rollerball
2	this new Rollerball
2	new Rollerball
0	, sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment .
1	sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment .
2	sense and sensibility
2	sense and
1	have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment .
1	have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment
1	been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment
2	overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment
1	by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment
1	what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment
2	can only be characterized as robotic sentiment
2	can only
1	be characterized as robotic sentiment
1	characterized as robotic sentiment
2	as robotic sentiment
2	robotic sentiment
1	One can only assume that the jury who bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
1	can only assume that the jury who bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
2	can only
1	assume that the jury who bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
1	that the jury who bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
2	the jury who bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
2	the jury who bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival
2	the jury
2	who bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival
3	bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival
2	bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award
2	bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy
2	star Hoffman 's brother Gordy
2	star Hoffman 's
2	Hoffman 's
2	brother Gordy
3	with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award
2	the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award
3	Waldo Salt Screenwriting award
2	Salt Screenwriting award
3	Screenwriting award
3	at 2002 's Sundance Festival
2	2002 's Sundance Festival
2	2002 's
3	Sundance Festival
2	were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
2	honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
1	an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
3	attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
2	to do something different over actually pulling it off
2	do something different over actually pulling it off
2	something different over actually pulling it off
2	different over actually pulling it off
2	over actually pulling it off
3	actually pulling it off
2	pulling it off
2	pulling it
0	A movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
2	A movie
0	more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
0	more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms
1	to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms
0	be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms
1	prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms
3	than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms
1	recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms
1	recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and
0	recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak
0	recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room ,
1	recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room
3	recommended --
1	as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room
1	as visually bland
1	visually bland
1	as a dentist 's waiting room
1	a dentist 's waiting room
2	a dentist 's
2	dentist 's
2	waiting room
2	complete with soothing Muzak
2	with soothing Muzak
2	soothing Muzak
2	a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms
2	a cushion
1	of predictable narrative rhythms
2	predictable narrative rhythms
2	narrative rhythms
1	Sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
1	ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
1	has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
0	has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler
1	has little to do with the story ,
1	has little to do with the story
2	has little
2	to do with the story
2	do with the story
2	with the story
2	the story
1	which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler
2	which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and
1	which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities
1	becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities
1	something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities
1	about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities
1	about how lame
0	how lame
2	it is to try and evade your responsibilities
2	is to try and evade your responsibilities
2	to try and evade your responsibilities
2	try and evade your responsibilities
1	try and evade
2	try and
2	your responsibilities
2	that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler
1	you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler
1	should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler
1	should never , ever ,
2	should never
2	, ever ,
2	ever ,
2	leave a large dog alone with a toddler
1	leave a large dog alone
2	leave a large dog
2	a large dog
2	large dog
2	with a toddler
2	a toddler
3	But never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
3	never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
2	mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
2	all that ; the boobs are fantasti
2	all that ;
2	all that
3	the boobs are fantasti
2	the boobs
3	are fantasti
1	The script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .
2	The script
0	covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .
1	covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
0	huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
2	huge , heavy topics
2	, heavy topics
2	heavy topics
2	in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
0	a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
1	a bland , surfacey way
1	bland , surfacey way
1	bland , surfacey
2	, surfacey
1	that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
1	does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
1	does n't
2	offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
2	offer any insight
3	any insight
2	into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
1	why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
2	, for instance , good things happen to bad people
1	for instance , good things happen to bad people
2	for instance
2	, good things happen to bad people
3	good things happen to bad people
3	good things
2	happen to bad people
2	to bad people
1	bad people
1	A portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .
2	A portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers
3	A portrait of alienation so perfect ,
4	A portrait of alienation so perfect
3	A portrait of alienation
2	A portrait
2	of alienation
4	so perfect
0	it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers
1	will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers
2	will certainly
1	succeed in alienating most viewers
2	in alienating most viewers
1	alienating most viewers
1	alienating most
1	The code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .
2	The code talkers
2	code talkers
2	deserved better than a hollow tribute .
2	deserved better than a hollow tribute
2	deserved better
2	than a hollow tribute
2	a hollow tribute
1	hollow tribute
0	Skip the film and buy the Philip Glass soundtrack CD .
0	Skip the film and buy the Philip Glass soundtrack CD
0	Skip the film and
0	Skip the film
2	the film
2	buy the Philip Glass soundtrack CD
2	the Philip Glass soundtrack CD
2	Philip Glass soundtrack CD
2	Glass soundtrack CD
2	soundtrack CD
1	Feels like a cold old man going through the motions .
1	like a cold old man going through the motions .
0	like a cold old man going through the motions
2	a cold old man going through the motions
2	a cold old man
2	cold old man
2	old man
1	going through the motions
2	through the motions
2	the motions
1	Dignified CEO 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .
3	Dignified CEO
2	's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .
2	's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree
2	meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree
2	at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree
1	a rustic retreat and pee against a tree
2	a rustic retreat and pee
2	rustic retreat and pee
2	retreat and pee
2	retreat and
3	against a tree
3	a tree
3	Can you bear the laughter ?
2	Can you bear the laughter
2	Can you
3	bear the laughter
2	the laughter
2	Dull and mechanical , kinda like a very goofy museum exhibit
1	Dull and mechanical , kinda
0	Dull and mechanical ,
1	Dull and mechanical
1	Dull and
1	like a very goofy museum exhibit
2	a very goofy museum exhibit
3	very goofy museum exhibit
2	very goofy
2	museum exhibit
1	There 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
2	There 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity
1	There 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight , so
1	There 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight ,
2	There 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight
1	's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight
1	no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight
1	no point
2	of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight
2	view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight
2	view ,
2	no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight
2	no contemporary interpretation
2	contemporary interpretation
2	of Joan 's prefeminist plight
2	Joan 's prefeminist plight
2	Joan 's
2	prefeminist plight
0	we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity
1	're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity
1	left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity
1	thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity
2	thinking the only reason
3	the only reason
2	only reason
2	to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity
2	make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity
2	the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity
2	the movie
2	is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity
2	because present standards allow for plenty of nudity
2	present standards allow for plenty of nudity
2	present standards
2	allow for plenty of nudity
2	for plenty of nudity
3	plenty of nudity
2	of nudity
1	Beware the quirky Brit-com .
2	Beware the quirky Brit-com
2	the quirky Brit-com
2	quirky Brit-com
3	They can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .
2	can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .
2	can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental
2	can and will
2	can and
2	turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental
2	turn on a dime
2	on a dime
3	a dime
2	from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental
3	oddly humorous to tediously sentimental
4	oddly humorous
2	to tediously sentimental
2	tediously sentimental
3	Has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .
3	Has its moments -- and almost as many subplots
2	Has its moments --
2	Has its moments
2	its moments
2	and almost as many subplots
2	and almost
2	as many subplots
3	many subplots
1	The gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .
2	The gags , and the script ,
2	The gags , and the script
2	The gags , and
2	The gags ,
3	The gags
2	the script
2	are a mixed bag .
2	are a mixed bag
2	a mixed bag
2	mixed bag
0	Completely awful Iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .
0	Completely awful Iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque
0	Completely awful Iranian drama ...
0	Completely awful Iranian drama
0	Completely awful
3	Iranian drama
2	as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque
3	as much fun
4	much fun
2	as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque
1	a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque
2	a grouchy ayatollah
2	grouchy ayatollah
2	in a cold mosque
2	a cold mosque
2	cold mosque
1	Narratively , Trouble Every Day is a plodding mess .
1	, Trouble Every Day is a plodding mess .
0	Trouble Every Day is a plodding mess .
2	Trouble Every Day
2	Every Day
1	is a plodding mess .
0	is a plodding mess
1	a plodding mess
0	plodding mess
1	There 's no point in extracting the bare bones of Byatt 's plot for purposes of bland Hollywood romance .
1	's no point in extracting the bare bones of Byatt 's plot for purposes of bland Hollywood romance .
1	's no point in extracting the bare bones of Byatt 's plot for purposes of bland Hollywood romance
1	no point in extracting the bare bones of Byatt 's plot for purposes of bland Hollywood romance
1	no point
2	in extracting the bare bones of Byatt 's plot for purposes of bland Hollywood romance
2	extracting the bare bones of Byatt 's plot for purposes of bland Hollywood romance
2	extracting the bare bones of Byatt 's plot
2	the bare bones of Byatt 's plot
2	the bare bones
2	bare bones
2	of Byatt 's plot
2	Byatt 's plot
2	Byatt 's
1	for purposes of bland Hollywood romance
1	purposes of bland Hollywood romance
1	of bland Hollywood romance
1	bland Hollywood romance
3	Hollywood romance
2	Directors John Musker and Ron Clements , the team behind The Little Mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but they are n't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space .
2	Directors John Musker and Ron Clements , the team behind The Little Mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but they are n't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space
2	Directors John Musker and Ron Clements , the team behind The Little Mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but
3	Directors John Musker and Ron Clements , the team behind The Little Mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy ,
3	Directors John Musker and Ron Clements , the team behind The Little Mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy
2	Directors John Musker and Ron Clements , the team behind The Little Mermaid ,
2	Directors John Musker and Ron Clements , the team behind The Little Mermaid
2	Directors John Musker and Ron Clements ,
2	Directors John Musker and Ron Clements
2	John Musker and Ron Clements
2	Musker and Ron Clements
2	and Ron Clements
2	Ron Clements
2	the team behind The Little Mermaid
2	the team
2	behind The Little Mermaid
2	The Little Mermaid
3	Little Mermaid
3	have produced sparkling retina candy
3	produced sparkling retina candy
3	sparkling retina candy
3	retina candy
1	they are n't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space
2	are n't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space
1	are n't
3	able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space
2	to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space
2	muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space
3	muster a lot of emotional resonance
3	a lot of emotional resonance
2	a lot
3	of emotional resonance
2	emotional resonance
2	in the cold vacuum of space
2	the cold vacuum of space
2	the cold vacuum
2	cold vacuum
2	of space
1	Adam Sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
2	Adam Sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but
2	Adam Sandler 's heart may be in the right place ,
4	Adam Sandler 's heart may be in the right place
2	Adam Sandler 's heart
2	Adam Sandler 's
2	Sandler 's
2	may be in the right place
2	be in the right place
3	in the right place
3	the right place
3	right place
0	he needs to pull his head out of his butt
0	needs to pull his head out of his butt
1	to pull his head out of his butt
0	pull his head out of his butt
2	pull his head out
2	pull his head
2	his head
2	of his butt
2	his butt
2	There 's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan , but it 's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted .
1	There 's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan , but it 's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted
3	There 's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan , but
4	There 's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan ,
3	There 's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan
3	's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan
2	's no doubting
2	no doubting
3	that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan
3	this is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan
3	is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan
2	a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan
3	a highly ambitious and personal project
3	highly ambitious and personal project
3	highly ambitious and personal
3	ambitious and personal
3	ambitious and
2	for Egoyan
1	it 's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted
1	's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted
2	's also
1	one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted
1	that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted
2	, next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted
0	next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted
2	next to his best work
3	to his best work
4	his best work
4	best work
1	, feels clumsy and convoluted
0	feels clumsy and convoluted
2	clumsy and convoluted
1	clumsy and
1	Despite engaging offbeat touches , Knockaround Guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .
2	Despite engaging offbeat touches
3	engaging offbeat touches
2	offbeat touches
1	, Knockaround Guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .
3	Knockaround Guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .
2	Knockaround Guys
2	rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .
2	seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .
3	seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast
2	interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast
3	in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast
2	kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast
2	kicking around
3	a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast
2	a raison d'etre
2	raison d'etre
3	that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast
3	's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast
3	as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast
2	fresh-faced as its young-guns cast
2	as its young-guns cast
2	its young-guns cast
2	young-guns cast
2	It 's all pretty tame .
2	's all pretty tame .
2	's all pretty tame
3	's all pretty
3	all pretty
0	The most offensive thing about the movie is that Hollywood expects people to pay to see it .
1	The most offensive thing about the movie
2	The most offensive thing
0	most offensive thing
0	most offensive
2	about the movie
2	the movie
1	is that Hollywood expects people to pay to see it .
2	is that Hollywood expects people to pay to see it
1	that Hollywood expects people to pay to see it
1	Hollywood expects people to pay to see it
0	expects people to pay to see it
2	people to pay to see it
2	to pay to see it
3	pay to see it
2	to see it
3	see it
1	The movie is a mess from start to finish .
2	The movie
0	is a mess from start to finish .
0	is a mess from start to finish
0	a mess from start to finish
2	a mess from start
0	a mess
2	from start
2	to finish
1	The trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .
2	The trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden
2	The trouble
2	with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden
3	making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden
2	this queen a thoroughly modern maiden
2	this queen
3	a thoroughly modern maiden
2	thoroughly modern maiden
2	thoroughly modern
1	is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .
1	is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness
1	that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness
1	that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely ,
1	it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely ,
2	also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely ,
2	makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely ,
1	her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely ,
1	appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely ,
1	appear foolish and shallow
0	foolish and shallow
2	foolish and
2	rather than , as was more likely ,
2	than , as was more likely ,
2	, as was more likely ,
2	as was more likely ,
2	as was more likely
2	was more likely
2	more likely
2	a victim of mental illness
2	a victim
2	of mental illness
1	mental illness
2	I 'm not saying that Ice Age does n't have some fairly pretty pictures , but there 's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life .
2	I 'm not saying that Ice Age does n't have some fairly pretty pictures , but there 's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life
2	I 'm not saying that Ice Age does n't have some fairly pretty pictures , but
2	I 'm not saying that Ice Age does n't have some fairly pretty pictures ,
2	I 'm not saying that Ice Age does n't have some fairly pretty pictures
2	'm not saying that Ice Age does n't have some fairly pretty pictures
3	'm not
2	saying that Ice Age does n't have some fairly pretty pictures
2	that Ice Age does n't have some fairly pretty pictures
0	Ice Age does n't have some fairly pretty pictures
2	Ice Age
1	does n't have some fairly pretty pictures
1	does n't
3	have some fairly pretty pictures
2	some fairly pretty pictures
3	fairly pretty pictures
3	fairly pretty
0	there 's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life
1	's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life
2	's not
3	enough substance in the story to actually give them life
3	enough substance
2	in the story to actually give them life
3	the story to actually give them life
2	story to actually give them life
2	to actually give them life
3	actually give them life
2	give them life
2	give them
2	In the telling of a story largely untold , Bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar .
3	In the telling of a story largely untold
2	the telling of a story largely untold
2	the telling
2	of a story largely untold
3	a story largely untold
2	a story
2	largely untold
1	, Bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar .
1	Bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar .
1	chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar .
2	chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar
1	to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar
2	produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar
1	something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar
1	that is ultimately suspiciously familiar
2	is ultimately suspiciously familiar
3	is ultimately
1	suspiciously familiar
0	The plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
0	The plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and
1	The plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish ,
0	The plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish
2	The plot
1	is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish
0	nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish
1	nothing but boilerplate clichés from start
1	nothing but boilerplate clichés
1	but boilerplate clichés
1	boilerplate clichés
2	from start
2	to finish
0	the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
2	the script
0	assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
0	that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
1	that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but
1	that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience ,
1	that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience
2	that not only
2	not only
1	would subtlety be lost on the target audience
2	would subtlety
1	be lost on the target audience
1	lost on the target audience
2	on the target audience
2	the target audience
2	target audience
0	that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
0	it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
0	's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
1	's also too stupid
2	's also
0	too stupid
1	to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
0	realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
1	that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
1	they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
0	've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
2	've already
1	seen this exact same movie a hundred times
2	seen this exact same movie
2	this exact same movie
2	exact same movie
2	same movie
2	a hundred times
2	hundred times
0	Terminally brain dead production .
0	Terminally brain dead production
2	Terminally brain
1	dead production
1	Some episodes work , some do n't .
2	Some episodes work
2	Some episodes
2	, some do n't .
2	some do n't .
2	do n't .
2	do n't
3	Beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .
4	Beautifully filmed
2	and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .
3	and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics
2	and well
2	acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics
1	acted ... but
2	acted ...
1	admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics
2	problematic in its narrative specifics
2	in its narrative specifics
2	its narrative specifics
2	narrative specifics
3	J. Lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : She 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl .
1	J. Lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : She 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl
2	J. Lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear :
2	J. Lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear
2	J. Lo
3	will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear
2	earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear
2	earn her share of the holiday box office pie ,
2	earn her share of the holiday box office pie
3	her share of the holiday box office pie
2	her share
3	of the holiday box office pie
2	the holiday box office pie
3	holiday box office pie
2	box office pie
2	office pie
2	although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear
3	this movie makes one thing perfectly clear
2	this movie
2	makes one thing perfectly clear
2	one thing perfectly clear
2	one thing
3	perfectly clear
3	She 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl
2	She 's a pretty woman , but
3	She 's a pretty woman ,
4	She 's a pretty woman
3	's a pretty woman
3	a pretty woman
2	pretty woman
2	she 's no working girl
2	's no working girl
2	no working girl
2	working girl
1	Rymer does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
1	does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
1	does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
2	does n't trust laughs -- and
2	does n't trust laughs --
1	does n't trust laughs
1	does n't
3	trust laughs
1	does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
1	does n't
1	conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
3	conjure proper respect
3	proper respect
1	for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
1	followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
1	of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
1	the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
2	the whole dead-undead genre ,
1	the whole dead-undead genre
2	whole dead-undead genre
1	dead-undead genre
1	who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
2	deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
2	deserve more
2	from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
2	a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
2	a vampire pic
2	vampire pic
2	than a few shrieky special effects
2	a few shrieky special effects
2	few shrieky special effects
1	shrieky special effects
2	special effects
0	Not only are the film 's Sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
1	Not only are the film 's Sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny
1	only are the film 's Sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny
1	are the film 's Sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny
2	the film 's Sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny
1	the film 's Sopranos gags
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	Sopranos gags
0	incredibly dated and unfunny
0	dated and unfunny
2	dated and
2	, they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
0	they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
0	also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
1	demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
0	demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were
1	how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were
2	how desperate
0	the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were
0	the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel
2	the makers
1	of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel
0	this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel
2	` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel
2	we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel
2	we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash
1	're - doing-it-for - the-cash
2	're -
2	doing-it-for - the-cash
2	doing-it-for -
2	' sequel
3	Wow .
0	I have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .
0	have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .
0	have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time
2	have not
0	been this disappointed by a movie in a long time
0	this disappointed by a movie in a long time
1	disappointed by a movie in a long time
1	disappointed by a movie
2	by a movie
2	a movie
2	in a long time
2	a long time
2	long time
1	Off the Hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director Adam Watstein with finishing it at all .
2	Off the Hook
2	the Hook
1	is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director Adam Watstein with finishing it at all .
2	is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director Adam Watstein with finishing it at all
1	is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director
1	overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director
1	overlong and not well-acted , but
1	overlong and not well-acted ,
1	overlong and not well-acted
1	overlong and
1	not well-acted
2	credit writer-producer-director
3	Adam Watstein with finishing it at all
2	Adam Watstein
2	with finishing it at all
2	finishing it at all
2	finishing it
2	at all
0	It 's a drag how Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .
1	's a drag how Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .
1	's a drag how Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding
1	a drag how Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding
0	a drag
2	how Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding
1	Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding
2	sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding
1	working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding
2	working women -- or at least this working woman --
2	working women
2	-- or at least this working woman --
2	or at least this working woman --
2	at least this working woman --
2	at least
2	this working woman --
2	this working woman
2	working woman
1	for whom she shows little understanding
2	whom she shows little understanding
2	she shows little understanding
3	shows little understanding
2	little understanding
2	Watching Harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but Boyd 's film offers little else of consequence .
1	Watching Harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but Boyd 's film offers little else of consequence
2	Watching Harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but
2	Watching Harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death ,
3	Watching Harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death
2	Watching Harris
2	ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death
3	ham it up
2	ham it
1	while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death
3	physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death
1	physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie
2	physically and emotionally
2	physically and
1	disintegrating over the course of the movie
2	disintegrating over
2	the course of the movie
2	the course
2	of the movie
2	the movie
2	has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death
2	a certain poignancy in light of his recent death
3	a certain poignancy
2	certain poignancy
2	in light of his recent death
2	light of his recent death
1	of his recent death
2	his recent death
2	recent death
2	Boyd 's film offers little else of consequence
2	Boyd 's film
2	Boyd 's
1	offers little else of consequence
1	little else of consequence
1	little else
2	of consequence
0	It 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
0	's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
2	's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget
2	's also
1	curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget
1	to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget
1	note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget
1	that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget
0	this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget
1	this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust ,
2	this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust
2	this film ,
2	this film
1	like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust
1	the similarly ill-timed Antitrust
1	similarly ill-timed Antitrust
1	similarly ill-timed
0	is easily as bad at a fraction the budget
3	is easily
1	as bad at a fraction the budget
0	bad at a fraction the budget
2	at a fraction the budget
2	a fraction the budget
2	a fraction
2	the budget
0	Will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
1	probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
1	be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
0	be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002
1	one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002
2	of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002
1	those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002
2	those movies
1	barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002
2	registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002
2	a blip on the radar screen of 2002
1	a blip
2	on the radar screen of 2002
2	the radar screen of 2002
2	the radar screen
2	radar screen
2	of 2002
2	The problem is not that it 's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes .
2	The problem
1	is not that it 's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes .
2	is not that it 's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes
2	is not that it 's all derivative ,
2	is not that it 's all derivative
1	is not
2	that it 's all derivative
2	it 's all derivative
1	's all derivative
1	all derivative
2	because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes
3	plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes
3	plenty of funny movies
3	of funny movies
3	funny movies
2	recycle old tropes
1	old tropes
1	The problem is that Van Wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .
2	The problem
1	is that Van Wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .
0	is that Van Wilder does little that is actually funny with the material
1	that Van Wilder does little that is actually funny with the material
1	Van Wilder does little that is actually funny with the material
2	Van Wilder
1	does little that is actually funny with the material
2	little that is actually funny with the material
3	that is actually funny with the material
3	is actually funny with the material
3	is actually
3	funny with the material
2	with the material
2	the material
0	There 's nothing interesting in Unfaithful whatsoever .
0	's nothing interesting in Unfaithful whatsoever .
0	's nothing interesting in Unfaithful whatsoever
1	's nothing interesting in Unfaithful
1	nothing interesting in Unfaithful
3	interesting in Unfaithful
2	in Unfaithful
1	None of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .
2	None of this
2	of this
1	is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .
2	is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think
2	is half as
2	half as
2	moving as the filmmakers seem to think
2	as the filmmakers seem to think
2	the filmmakers seem to think
2	the filmmakers
2	seem to think
2	to think
1	A processed comedy chop suey .
2	A processed comedy
1	processed comedy
2	chop suey .
2	chop suey
2	As spent screen series go , Star Trek : Nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there 's nothing to drink .
2	As spent screen series go
2	spent screen series go
1	spent screen series
2	screen series
1	, Star Trek : Nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there 's nothing to drink .
0	Star Trek : Nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there 's nothing to drink .
1	Star Trek : Nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there 's nothing to drink
1	Star Trek : Nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and
1	Star Trek : Nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up --
1	Star Trek : Nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up
2	Star Trek : Nemesis
2	Star Trek :
2	Star Trek
1	is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up
1	is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer
2	even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer
2	even more suggestive
2	more suggestive
2	of a 65th class reunion mixer
1	a 65th class reunion mixer
2	65th class reunion mixer
3	class reunion mixer
2	reunion mixer
2	where only eight surviving members show up
2	only eight surviving members show up
2	only eight surviving members
2	only eight
2	surviving members
2	show up
2	there 's nothing to drink
2	's nothing to drink
3	nothing to drink
2	to drink
0	Fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of The Matrix .
0	Fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of The Matrix
1	Fails as a dystopian movie ,
2	Fails as a dystopian movie
1	as a dystopian movie
2	a dystopian movie
2	dystopian movie
1	as a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of The Matrix
1	a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of The Matrix
2	a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even as
2	a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even
1	a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and
2	a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 ,
2	a retooling of Fahrenheit 451
2	a retooling
2	of Fahrenheit 451
3	Fahrenheit 451
1	a rip-off of The Matrix
2	a rip-off
2	of The Matrix
2	The Matrix
1	Full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .
1	Full of the kind of obnoxious
2	of the kind of obnoxious
1	the kind of obnoxious
2	the kind
1	of obnoxious
2	chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .
1	chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in
1	that only self-aware neurotics engage in
3	only self-aware neurotics engage in
2	only self-aware neurotics
2	self-aware neurotics
2	engage in
0	An erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
3	An erotic thriller that
3	An erotic thriller
2	erotic thriller
0	's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
2	's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either
1	's neither too erotic nor very thrilling ,
2	's neither too erotic nor very thrilling
2	's neither
1	too erotic nor very thrilling
1	too erotic nor
1	too erotic
4	very thrilling
1	The movie , like Bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
2	The movie
0	, like Bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
0	like Bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
2	like Bartleby
0	, is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
1	is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
0	is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes
2	something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes
1	something of a stiff --
1	something of a stiff
2	of a stiff
1	a stiff
1	an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes
2	an extra-dry office comedy
2	extra-dry office comedy
2	office comedy
1	that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes
0	seems twice as long as its 83 minutes
1	seems twice as long
2	twice as long
2	as long
2	as its 83 minutes
2	its 83 minutes
2	83 minutes
1	With its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... Margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
1	With its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters
1	its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters
2	its parade
1	of almost perpetually wasted characters
1	almost perpetually wasted characters
0	almost perpetually wasted
1	perpetually wasted
1	... Margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
1	Margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
1	feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
0	feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake
1	like a hazy high that takes too long to shake
2	a hazy high that takes too long to shake
3	a hazy high
3	hazy high
1	that takes too long to shake
1	takes too long to shake
1	too long to shake
2	long to shake
2	to shake
0	If you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
2	If you value your time and money
3	you value your time and money
2	value your time and money
2	your time and money
2	time and money
2	time and
1	, find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
0	find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
1	find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash
2	find an escape clause and
1	find an escape clause
2	an escape clause
2	escape clause
0	avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash
1	seeing this trite , predictable rehash
1	this trite , predictable rehash
1	trite , predictable rehash
1	, predictable rehash
1	predictable rehash
2	The director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast is n't the least bit mesmerizing .
1	The director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast is n't the least bit mesmerizing
3	The director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions , but
3	The director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions ,
3	The director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions
3	The director and her capable cast
2	The director and
2	The director
3	her capable cast
3	capable cast
2	appear to be caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions
3	to be caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions
3	be caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions
3	caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions
3	in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions
4	a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions
3	a heady whirl
2	heady whirl
3	of New Age-inspired good intentions
3	New Age-inspired good intentions
2	New Age-inspired
3	good intentions
0	the spell they cast is n't the least bit mesmerizing
2	the spell they cast
2	the spell
2	they cast
1	is n't the least bit mesmerizing
1	is n't
1	the least bit mesmerizing
2	least bit mesmerizing
2	least bit
2	Everything is pegged into the groove of a New York dating comedy with ` issues ' to simplify .
2	is pegged into the groove of a New York dating comedy with ` issues ' to simplify .
2	is pegged into the groove of a New York dating comedy with ` issues ' to simplify
3	pegged into the groove of a New York dating comedy with ` issues ' to simplify
2	pegged into the groove of a New York
2	into the groove of a New York
2	the groove of a New York
2	the groove
2	of a New York
2	a New York
2	New York
1	dating comedy with ` issues ' to simplify
2	dating comedy with ` issues '
2	dating comedy
1	with ` issues '
2	with ` issues
2	with `
2	to simplify
1	A dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any Hollywood fluff .
4	A dramatic comedy as pleasantly
2	A dramatic comedy
3	dramatic comedy
3	as pleasantly
1	dishonest and pat as any Hollywood fluff .
2	dishonest and pat as any Hollywood fluff
1	dishonest and pat
1	dishonest and
1	as any Hollywood fluff
1	any Hollywood fluff
1	Hollywood fluff
2	The cameo-packed , M : I-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise ... Then Mike Myers shows up and ruins everything .
1	The cameo-packed , M : I-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise ... Then Mike Myers shows up and ruins everything
2	The cameo-packed , M : I-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise ... Then
4	The cameo-packed , M : I-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise ...
4	The cameo-packed , M : I-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise
2	The cameo-packed , M : I-2-spoofing title sequence
2	The cameo-packed ,
2	The cameo-packed
2	M : I-2-spoofing title sequence
2	M :
2	I-2-spoofing title sequence
2	title sequence
3	is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise
3	the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise
3	the funniest 5 minutes
3	funniest 5 minutes
2	5 minutes
2	to date in this spy comedy franchise
2	date in this spy comedy franchise
2	in this spy comedy franchise
2	this spy comedy franchise
2	spy comedy franchise
2	comedy franchise
0	Mike Myers shows up and ruins everything
2	Mike Myers
0	shows up and ruins everything
2	shows up and
2	shows up
1	ruins everything
2	It comes off as so silly that you would n't be surprised if BA , Murdock and rest of the A-Team were seen giving chase in a black and red van .
1	comes off as so silly that you would n't be surprised if BA , Murdock and rest of the A-Team were seen giving chase in a black and red van .
1	comes off as so silly that you would n't be surprised if BA , Murdock and rest of the A-Team were seen giving chase in a black and red van
2	comes off as so silly
2	comes off
2	as so silly
2	so silly
2	that you would n't be surprised if BA , Murdock and rest of the A-Team were seen giving chase in a black and red van
2	you would n't be surprised if BA , Murdock and rest of the A-Team were seen giving chase in a black and red van
2	would n't be surprised if BA , Murdock and rest of the A-Team were seen giving chase in a black and red van
2	would n't
2	be surprised if BA , Murdock and rest of the A-Team were seen giving chase in a black and red van
2	be surprised
2	if BA , Murdock and rest of the A-Team were seen giving chase in a black and red van
2	BA , Murdock and rest of the A-Team were seen giving chase in a black and red van
2	BA , Murdock and rest of the A-Team
2	BA , Murdock and rest
2	, Murdock and rest
2	Murdock and rest
2	Murdock and
2	of the A-Team
2	the A-Team
2	were seen giving chase in a black and red van
2	seen giving chase in a black and red van
2	giving chase in a black and red van
2	giving chase
2	in a black and red van
2	a black and red van
2	black and red van
2	and red van
2	red van
0	The 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .
2	The 50-something lovebirds
2	50-something lovebirds
1	are too immature and unappealing to care about .
0	are too immature and unappealing to care about
0	too immature and unappealing to care about
0	immature and unappealing to care about
0	immature and unappealing
1	immature and
3	to care about
2	care about
3	So genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen .
2	genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen .
4	genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen
3	genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout ,
4	genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout
1	genial is the conceit ,
2	genial is the conceit
2	is the conceit
2	the conceit
3	this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout
4	is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout
3	is one of those rare pictures
2	one of those rare pictures
3	of those rare pictures
2	those rare pictures
2	rare pictures
3	that you root for throughout
2	you root for throughout
2	root for throughout
2	for throughout
2	dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen
2	hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen
3	that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen
3	the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen
3	the rich promise of the script
3	the rich promise
3	rich promise
2	of the script
2	the script
2	will be realized on the screen
2	be realized on the screen
3	realized on the screen
2	on the screen
2	the screen
2	It never is , not fully .
2	never is , not fully .
2	is , not fully .
2	is , not fully
2	is ,
1	not fully
1	Even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
2	Even in the summertime
2	in the summertime
2	the summertime
1	, the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
1	the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
2	the most restless young audience
2	most restless young audience
2	most restless
2	young audience
2	deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
3	deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities
3	the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities
2	the dignity
2	of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities
3	an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities
2	an action hero
2	action hero
3	motivated by something more than franchise possibilities
2	motivated by something
2	by something
2	more than franchise possibilities
3	than franchise possibilities
3	franchise possibilities
1	What with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .
1	What with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity
1	with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity
1	all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity
3	all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations
1	the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations
2	blanket statements and dime-store ruminations
1	statements and dime-store ruminations
2	and dime-store ruminations
1	dime-store ruminations
2	on vanity
2	, the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .
2	the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .
2	the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film
2	the worries
3	of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film
4	the rich and sudden wisdom , the film
3	the rich and sudden wisdom ,
2	the rich and sudden wisdom
4	rich and sudden wisdom
3	rich and sudden
3	rich and
2	the film
1	becomes a sermon for most of its running time .
1	becomes a sermon for most of its running time
1	a sermon for most of its running time
2	a sermon
2	for most of its running time
2	most of its running time
2	of its running time
2	its running time
2	running time
0	As gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut Dahmer -LRB- Jeremy Renner -RRB- and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
1	As gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy
0	gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy
2	gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character
2	as the movie tries to make sense of its title character
1	the movie tries to make sense of its title character
2	the movie
2	tries to make sense of its title character
2	to make sense of its title character
2	make sense of its title character
2	sense of its title character
3	of its title character
2	its title character
2	title character
1	, there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy
1	there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy
2	remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy
2	a huge gap between the film 's creepy
2	a huge gap
1	huge gap
2	between the film 's creepy
1	the film 's creepy
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	, clean-cut Dahmer -LRB- Jeremy Renner -RRB- and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
1	clean-cut Dahmer -LRB- Jeremy Renner -RRB- and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
2	clean-cut Dahmer -LRB- Jeremy Renner -RRB- and fiendish
2	clean-cut Dahmer -LRB- Jeremy Renner -RRB- and
2	clean-cut Dahmer -LRB- Jeremy Renner -RRB-
1	clean-cut Dahmer
2	-LRB- Jeremy Renner -RRB-
2	Jeremy Renner -RRB-
2	Jeremy Renner
1	acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
2	acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge
1	that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge
1	no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge
2	no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing
2	no amount
3	of earnest textbook psychologizing
2	earnest textbook psychologizing
2	textbook psychologizing
2	can bridge
1	Plodding , peevish and gimmicky .
0	Plodding , peevish and gimmicky
1	Plodding ,
1	peevish and gimmicky
1	peevish and
3	The Four Feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox .
2	The Four Feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox
1	The Four Feathers is definitely horse feathers , but
1	The Four Feathers is definitely horse feathers ,
1	The Four Feathers is definitely horse feathers
2	The Four Feathers
2	Four Feathers
1	is definitely horse feathers
2	is definitely
1	horse feathers
3	if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox
2	if you go in knowing that
2	you go in knowing that
2	go in knowing that
2	in knowing that
2	knowing that
3	, you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox
2	you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox
3	might have fun in this cinematic sandbox
3	have fun in this cinematic sandbox
3	fun in this cinematic sandbox
2	in this cinematic sandbox
2	this cinematic sandbox
2	cinematic sandbox
2	Oozes condescension from every pore .
0	condescension from every pore .
2	condescension from every pore
2	from every pore
2	every pore
0	`` Solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
0	Solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
0	'' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
1	is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
2	is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work
2	a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work
2	a shapeless inconsequential move
0	shapeless inconsequential move
1	inconsequential move
1	relying on the viewer to do most of the work
2	relying on the viewer
2	on the viewer
2	the viewer
2	to do most of the work
2	do most of the work
3	most of the work
2	of the work
2	the work
1	The direction , by George Hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .
2	The direction , by George Hickenlooper ,
2	The direction , by George Hickenlooper
2	The direction ,
2	The direction
2	by George Hickenlooper
2	George Hickenlooper
1	has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .
2	has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism
1	has no snap
2	no snap
2	to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism
2	it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism
2	it , no wiseacre crackle or
2	it , no wiseacre crackle
2	it ,
2	no wiseacre crackle
2	wiseacre crackle
2	hard-bitten cynicism
3	Though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .
2	Though this saga would be terrific to read about
3	this saga would be terrific to read about
2	this saga
3	would be terrific to read about
2	be terrific to read about
3	terrific to read about
2	to read about
2	read about
2	, it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .
2	it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .
2	is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .
2	is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch
2	is dicey screen material
1	dicey screen material
2	screen material
2	that only a genius should touch
2	only a genius should touch
1	only a genius
3	a genius
2	should touch
3	It has plenty of laughs .
4	has plenty of laughs .
3	has plenty of laughs
3	plenty of laughs
3	of laughs
2	It just does n't have much else ... especially in a moral sense .
1	just does n't have much else ... especially in a moral sense .
1	does n't have much else ... especially in a moral sense .
1	does n't have much else ... especially in a moral sense
1	does n't
2	have much else ... especially in a moral sense
2	have much else ...
2	have much else
2	much else
2	especially in a moral sense
2	in a moral sense
2	a moral sense
2	moral sense
0	An awful lot like one of -LRB- Spears ' -RRB- music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .
2	An awful lot
2	awful lot
0	like one of -LRB- Spears ' -RRB- music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .
0	like one of -LRB- Spears ' -RRB- music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it
2	like one of -LRB- Spears ' -RRB- music videos in content --
2	like one of -LRB- Spears ' -RRB- music videos in content
2	like one of -LRB- Spears ' -RRB- music videos
2	one of -LRB- Spears ' -RRB- music videos
2	of -LRB- Spears ' -RRB- music videos
2	-LRB- Spears ' -RRB- music videos
2	-LRB- Spears ' -RRB-
2	Spears ' -RRB-
2	Spears '
3	music videos
2	in content
1	except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it
2	except that
0	it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it
2	goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it
2	goes on for at least 90 more minutes and
2	goes on for at least 90 more minutes
2	goes on
2	for at least 90 more minutes
2	at least 90 more minutes
2	at least 90 more
2	at least 90
2	at least
1	, worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it
1	, worse ,
1	, worse
2	that you have to pay if you want to see it
3	you have to pay if you want to see it
3	have to pay if you want to see it
2	to pay if you want to see it
2	pay if you want to see it
2	if you want to see it
3	you want to see it
3	want to see it
2	to see it
3	see it
0	Confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
0	is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
1	is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it
0	one of my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it
0	of my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it
0	my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it
1	my least favourite emotions ,
2	my least favourite emotions
1	least favourite emotions
1	least favourite
1	especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it
2	especially when
0	I have to put up with 146 minutes of it
0	have to put up with 146 minutes of it
1	to put up with 146 minutes of it
1	put up with 146 minutes of it
2	put up
2	with 146 minutes of it
2	146 minutes of it
2	146 minutes
2	of it
1	-LRB- H -RRB- ad I suffered and bled on the hard ground of Ia Drang , I 'd want something a bit more complex than We Were Soldiers to be remembered by .
2	-LRB- H -RRB- ad I suffered and bled on the hard ground of Ia Drang
2	-LRB- H -RRB-
2	H -RRB-
1	ad I suffered and bled on the hard ground of Ia Drang
2	ad I
2	suffered and bled on the hard ground of Ia Drang
1	suffered and bled
2	suffered and
2	on the hard ground of Ia Drang
2	the hard ground of Ia Drang
2	the hard ground
1	hard ground
2	of Ia Drang
2	Ia Drang
1	, I 'd want something a bit more complex than We Were Soldiers to be remembered by .
2	I 'd want something a bit more complex than We Were Soldiers to be remembered by .
2	'd want something a bit more complex than We Were Soldiers to be remembered by .
2	'd want something a bit more complex than We Were Soldiers to be remembered by
2	want something a bit more complex than We Were Soldiers to be remembered by
2	something a bit more complex than We Were Soldiers to be remembered by
2	a bit more complex than We Were Soldiers to be remembered by
2	a bit more complex
2	a bit
3	more complex
2	than We Were Soldiers to be remembered by
2	We Were Soldiers to be remembered by
2	Were Soldiers to be remembered by
2	Soldiers to be remembered by
2	to be remembered by
2	be remembered by
2	remembered by
1	Occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
1	Occasionally loud and offensive , but more often
1	loud and offensive , but more often
2	loud and offensive
2	loud and
2	, but more often
2	, but
2	more often
0	, it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
1	it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
2	simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
0	lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
1	lulls you into a gentle waking coma
1	lulls you
1	into a gentle waking coma
1	a gentle waking coma
2	gentle waking coma
1	waking coma
2	it may play well as a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like My Big Fat Greek Wedding
2	may play well as a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like My Big Fat Greek Wedding
2	play well as a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like My Big Fat Greek Wedding
3	play well
2	as a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like My Big Fat Greek Wedding
2	a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like My Big Fat Greek Wedding
2	a double feature
2	double feature
1	with mainstream foreign mush like My Big Fat Greek Wedding
1	mainstream foreign mush like My Big Fat Greek Wedding
1	mainstream foreign mush
0	foreign mush
2	like My Big Fat Greek Wedding
2	My Big Fat Greek Wedding
2	Big Fat Greek Wedding
2	Fat Greek Wedding
2	Greek Wedding
0	By the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
2	By the time you reach the finale
2	By the time
2	the time
3	you reach the finale
2	reach the finale
2	the finale
1	, you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
1	you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
2	're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
2	're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing
2	're likely
1	wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing
2	why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing
2	you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing
2	've been watching all this strutting and posturing
2	been watching all this strutting and posturing
2	watching all this strutting and posturing
2	watching all this strutting and
2	watching all this strutting
2	all this strutting
2	this strutting
0	Journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .
0	Journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull
2	Journalistically dubious , inept and
0	Journalistically dubious , inept
1	Journalistically dubious ,
2	Journalistically dubious
0	often lethally dull
1	lethally dull
1	Putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a Pandora 's Box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .
0	Putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a Pandora 's Box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
2	Putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes
2	Putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station
2	the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station
1	the primitive murderer
2	primitive murderer
2	inside a high-tech space station
2	a high-tech space station
2	high-tech space station
2	space station
0	a Pandora 's Box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
2	a Pandora 's Box
2	a Pandora 's
2	Pandora 's
0	of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
1	special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
2	special effects
1	that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
0	run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
2	run the gamut from cheesy
2	run the gamut
2	the gamut
2	from cheesy
1	to cheesier to cheesiest
1	cheesier to cheesiest
2	to cheesiest
3	At its best , it 's Black Hawk Down with more heart .
3	At its best
3	its best
3	, it 's Black Hawk Down with more heart .
3	it 's Black Hawk Down with more heart .
3	's Black Hawk Down with more heart .
3	's Black Hawk Down with more heart
3	Black Hawk Down with more heart
2	Black Hawk Down
2	Hawk Down
2	with more heart
2	more heart
2	At its worst , it 's Rambo - meets-John Ford .
0	At its worst
0	its worst
2	, it 's Rambo - meets-John Ford .
2	it 's Rambo - meets-John Ford .
2	's Rambo - meets-John Ford .
2	's Rambo - meets-John Ford
2	Rambo - meets-John Ford
2	Rambo -
2	meets-John Ford
2	Exactly what you 'd expect from a guy named Kaos .
2	Exactly what you 'd expect from a guy
3	what you 'd expect from a guy
3	you 'd expect from a guy
2	'd expect from a guy
2	expect from a guy
2	from a guy
2	a guy
2	named Kaos .
2	named Kaos
1	This movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
2	This movie
0	... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
0	does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
0	does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is
1	does n't
0	deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is
0	the energy it takes to describe how bad it is
2	the energy
0	it takes to describe how bad it is
0	takes to describe how bad it is
0	to describe how bad it is
0	describe how bad it is
1	how bad it is
2	how bad
3	it is
1	With or without ballast tanks , K-19 sinks to a Harrison Ford low .
2	With or without ballast tanks
2	or without ballast tanks
2	without ballast tanks
2	ballast tanks
1	, K-19 sinks to a Harrison Ford low .
0	K-19 sinks to a Harrison Ford low .
1	sinks to a Harrison Ford low .
2	sinks to a Harrison Ford low
1	to a Harrison Ford low
1	a Harrison Ford low
1	Harrison Ford low
2	Ford low
2	Director Oliver Parker labors so hard to whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .
2	Director Oliver Parker
2	Oliver Parker
1	labors so hard to whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .
1	labors so hard to whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two
2	so hard to whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two
1	hard to whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two
1	to whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two
2	whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two
3	whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest
2	whip life
2	into The Importance of Being Earnest
3	The Importance of Being Earnest
2	The Importance
2	of Being Earnest
2	Being Earnest
2	that he probably pulled a muscle or two
2	he probably pulled a muscle or two
2	probably pulled a muscle or two
2	pulled a muscle or two
2	a muscle or two
2	a muscle or
2	a muscle
2	You might be shocked to discover that Seinfeld 's real life is boring .
2	might be shocked to discover that Seinfeld 's real life is boring .
1	might be shocked to discover that Seinfeld 's real life is boring
2	be shocked to discover that Seinfeld 's real life is boring
0	shocked to discover that Seinfeld 's real life is boring
2	to discover that Seinfeld 's real life is boring
2	discover that Seinfeld 's real life is boring
2	that Seinfeld 's real life is boring
1	Seinfeld 's real life is boring
2	Seinfeld 's real life
2	Seinfeld 's
2	real life
0	is boring
3	It 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .
3	It 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time
1	It 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but
1	It 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor ,
1	It 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor
1	's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor
2	's not
3	nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor
3	nearly as fresh or enjoyable
3	as fresh or enjoyable
3	fresh or enjoyable
2	fresh or
2	as its predecessor
2	its predecessor
3	there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time
2	are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time
2	enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time
1	high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time
2	points to keep this from being a complete waste of time
1	to keep this from being a complete waste of time
1	keep this from being a complete waste of time
3	keep this
1	from being a complete waste of time
1	being a complete waste of time
0	a complete waste of time
0	a complete waste
0	complete waste
2	of time
2	Walsh ca n't quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in Janice 's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm .
2	ca n't quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in Janice 's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm .
3	ca n't quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in Janice 's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm
2	ca n't quite
2	ca n't
3	negotiate the many inconsistencies in Janice 's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm
1	negotiate the many inconsistencies in Janice 's behavior or
2	negotiate the many inconsistencies in Janice 's behavior
2	the many inconsistencies in Janice 's behavior
1	the many inconsistencies
1	many inconsistencies
3	in Janice 's behavior
1	Janice 's behavior
2	Janice 's
2	compensate for them by sheer force of charm
2	compensate for them
2	for them
3	by sheer force of charm
3	sheer force of charm
2	sheer force
3	of charm
1	This 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .
2	This 10th film in the series
2	This 10th film
2	10th film
3	in the series
2	the series
1	looks and feels tired .
0	looks and feels tired
2	looks and feels
2	looks and
1	It leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .
2	leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .
1	leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject
1	leers ,
1	offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject
1	offering next to little insight
1	next to little insight
2	to little insight
2	little insight
3	into its intriguing subject
3	its intriguing subject
3	intriguing subject
1	I found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as Vincent became more and more abhorrent .
0	found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as Vincent became more and more abhorrent .
1	found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as Vincent became more and more abhorrent
2	found myself
2	growing more and more frustrated and detached as Vincent became more and more abhorrent
1	more and more frustrated and detached as Vincent became more and more abhorrent
2	more and more
2	more and
2	frustrated and detached as Vincent became more and more abhorrent
1	frustrated and detached
2	frustrated and
1	as Vincent became more and more abhorrent
1	Vincent became more and more abhorrent
2	became more and more abhorrent
1	more and more abhorrent
2	more and
1	more abhorrent
2	One of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history .
2	One of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history
1	One of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels
2	of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels
1	the oddest and most inexplicable sequels
2	the oddest and
2	the oddest
1	most inexplicable sequels
2	inexplicable sequels
2	in movie history
2	movie history
0	There 's nothing to gain from watching They .
2	's nothing to gain from watching They .
1	's nothing to gain from watching They
0	nothing to gain from watching They
2	to gain from watching They
3	gain from watching They
2	from watching They
2	watching They
1	It is n't scary .
1	is n't scary .
1	is n't scary
1	is n't
1	It hates its characters .
2	hates its characters .
1	hates its characters
2	its characters
1	It finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
1	finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
0	finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers
1	no way to entertain or inspire its viewers
3	way to entertain or inspire its viewers
3	to entertain or inspire its viewers
3	entertain or inspire its viewers
2	entertain or inspire
3	entertain or
2	its viewers
3	Fear permeates the whole of Stortelling , Todd Solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique .
2	permeates the whole of Stortelling , Todd Solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique .
2	permeates the whole of Stortelling , Todd Solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique
2	the whole of Stortelling , Todd Solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique
2	the whole
2	of Stortelling , Todd Solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique
2	Stortelling , Todd Solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique
2	Stortelling ,
1	Todd Solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique
2	Todd Solondz '
2	Solondz '
3	oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique
1	oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly
3	oftentimes funny , yet
4	oftentimes funny ,
3	oftentimes funny
1	ultimately cowardly
1	The skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .
2	The skirmishes for power
2	The skirmishes
2	for power
1	waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .
1	waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense
2	waged among victims and predators
2	among victims and predators
2	victims and predators
2	victims and
2	settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense
2	into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense
1	an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense
2	an undistinguished rhythm
1	undistinguished rhythm
1	of artificial suspense
1	artificial suspense
2	... Ice Age treads predictably along familiar territory , making it a passable family film that wo n't win many fans over the age of 12 .
2	Ice Age treads predictably along familiar territory , making it a passable family film that wo n't win many fans over the age of 12 .
2	Ice Age
2	treads predictably along familiar territory , making it a passable family film that wo n't win many fans over the age of 12 .
1	treads predictably along familiar territory , making it a passable family film that wo n't win many fans over the age of 12
1	treads predictably along familiar territory ,
1	treads predictably along familiar territory
1	treads predictably
2	along familiar territory
2	familiar territory
2	making it a passable family film that wo n't win many fans over the age of 12
3	it a passable family film that wo n't win many fans over the age of 12
2	a passable family film that wo n't win many fans over the age of 12
3	a passable family film
2	passable family film
2	family film
1	that wo n't win many fans over the age of 12
1	wo n't win many fans over the age of 12
2	wo n't
2	win many fans over the age of 12
3	win many fans
3	many fans
2	over the age of 12
2	the age of 12
3	the age
2	of 12
3	Though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
3	Though the film is well-intentioned
3	the film is well-intentioned
2	the film
2	is well-intentioned
1	, one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
1	one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
2	could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
1	could rent the original and get the same love story and parable
2	rent the original and get the same love story and parable
2	rent the original and
2	rent the original
3	the original
3	get the same love story and parable
3	get the same love story and
2	get the same love story
1	the same love story
1	same love story
2	love story
1	Just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .
2	Just too silly and sophomoric
1	Just too silly and
1	Just too silly
2	too silly
3	to ensnare its target audience .
2	to ensnare its target audience
2	ensnare its target audience
2	its target audience
2	target audience
2	The video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it 's exhausting to watch .
2	The video work
2	video work
1	is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it 's exhausting to watch .
1	is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it 's exhausting to watch
1	is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up ,
1	is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up
1	so grainy and rough , so dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up
3	so grainy and rough , so
1	so grainy and rough ,
1	so grainy and rough
2	grainy and rough
2	grainy and
2	dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up
2	on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up
2	being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up
3	` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up
3	` naturalistic ' rather than
2	` naturalistic '
3	naturalistic '
2	rather than
3	carefully lit and set up
2	carefully lit and
3	carefully lit
3	set up
1	that it 's exhausting to watch
1	it 's exhausting to watch
1	's exhausting to watch
1	exhausting to watch
2	to watch
1	A cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .
4	A cleverly
1	crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .
1	crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary
3	crafted but
1	ultimately hollow mockumentary
1	hollow mockumentary
2	It gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff .
1	gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff .
2	gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff
1	gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour
1	bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour
1	down by hit-and-miss topical humour
2	by hit-and-miss topical humour
2	hit-and-miss topical humour
3	topical humour
3	before getting to the truly good stuff
3	getting to the truly good stuff
3	to the truly good stuff
3	the truly good stuff
4	truly good stuff
4	truly good
1	An achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .
3	An achingly enthralling premise , the film
3	An achingly enthralling premise ,
3	An achingly enthralling premise
3	achingly enthralling premise
2	achingly enthralling
2	the film
1	is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .
0	is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses
1	hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses
0	by uneven dialogue and plot lapses
1	uneven dialogue and plot lapses
1	dialogue and plot lapses
2	and plot lapses
1	plot lapses
1	It 's Tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too .
1	It 's Tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too
2	It 's Tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and
2	It 's Tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her ,
2	It 's Tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her
2	's Tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her
3	Tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her
2	Tommy 's
2	job to clean the peep booths surrounding her
2	to clean the peep booths surrounding her
2	clean the peep booths surrounding her
2	clean the peep booths
2	the peep booths
2	peep booths
2	surrounding her
2	after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too
2	after viewing this one
2	viewing this one
2	this one
2	, you 'll feel like mopping up , too
2	you 'll feel like mopping up , too
2	'll feel like mopping up , too
2	feel like mopping up , too
1	feel like mopping up ,
1	feel like mopping up
2	like mopping up
3	mopping up
0	Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .
0	Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative
0	Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ;
1	Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script
2	Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr. , but
2	Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr. ,
2	Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr.
2	no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr.
2	no doubt
2	fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr.
2	himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr.
2	something of a Hubert Selby Jr.
2	of a Hubert Selby Jr.
2	a Hubert Selby Jr.
2	Hubert Selby Jr.
2	Selby Jr.
2	there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script
0	is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script
1	is n't
2	an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script
3	an ounce of honest poetry
2	an ounce
3	of honest poetry
3	honest poetry
2	in his entire script
2	his entire script
2	entire script
1	it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative
1	's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative
2	's simply
1	crude and unrelentingly exploitative
1	and unrelentingly exploitative
1	unrelentingly exploitative
0	Such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .
0	Such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant
0	Such a bad movie
0	a bad movie
0	bad movie
3	that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant
1	its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant
3	its luckiest viewers
3	luckiest viewers
2	will be seated next to one of those ignorant
2	be seated next to one of those ignorant
2	seated next to one of those ignorant
2	seated next
1	to one of those ignorant
2	one of those ignorant
2	of those ignorant
2	those ignorant
1	pinheads who talk throughout the show .
1	pinheads who talk throughout the show
2	who talk throughout the show
2	talk throughout the show
2	throughout the show
2	the show
1	If you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign .
3	If you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller
3	you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller
2	go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller
2	into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller
2	the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller
2	the theater
2	expecting a scary , action-packed chiller
3	a scary , action-packed chiller
3	scary , action-packed chiller
3	, action-packed chiller
3	action-packed chiller
1	, you might soon be looking for a sign .
2	you might soon be looking for a sign .
2	might soon be looking for a sign .
2	might soon be looking for a sign
2	might soon
2	be looking for a sign
2	looking for a sign
2	for a sign
2	a sign
1	An EXIT sign , that is .
2	An EXIT sign
1	EXIT sign
2	, that is .
2	that is .
2	that is
2	Holds limited appeal to those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp .
2	limited appeal to those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp .
2	limited appeal to those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp
1	limited appeal
2	to those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp
1	those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp
1	who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp
1	like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp
2	like explosions , sadism and seeing people
0	explosions , sadism and seeing people
3	, sadism and seeing people
2	sadism and seeing people
2	and seeing people
2	seeing people
1	beat each other to a pulp
2	beat each other
2	each other
2	to a pulp
2	a pulp
1	The dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .
2	The dialogue
1	is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .
0	is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed
0	is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact
1	very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact
1	very choppy and monosyllabic
2	choppy and monosyllabic
1	choppy and
2	despite the fact
2	the fact
2	that it is being dubbed
2	it is being dubbed
2	is being dubbed
2	being dubbed
2	A feature-length , R-rated , road-trip version of Mama 's Family .
2	A feature-length , R-rated , road-trip version of Mama
2	A feature-length , R-rated , road-trip version
2	feature-length , R-rated , road-trip version
2	, R-rated , road-trip version
2	R-rated , road-trip version
3	, road-trip version
2	road-trip version
2	of Mama
2	's Family .
2	's Family
2	What you end up getting is the Vertical Limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between .
2	What you end up getting
2	you end up getting
2	end up getting
2	end up
3	is the Vertical Limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between .
2	is the Vertical Limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between
3	the Vertical Limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between
3	the Vertical Limit of surfing movies -
3	the Vertical Limit of surfing movies
2	the Vertical Limit
2	Vertical Limit
2	of surfing movies
2	surfing movies
2	memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between
3	memorable stunts
1	with lots of downtime in between
2	lots of downtime in between
2	of downtime in between
2	downtime in between
2	in between
0	Stealing Harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .
2	Stealing Harvard
0	does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .
1	does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor
1	does n't
3	care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor
3	about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor
2	cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor
3	cleverness , wit or
2	cleverness , wit
2	cleverness ,
3	any other kind of intelligent humor
2	any other kind
2	other kind
3	of intelligent humor
4	intelligent humor
1	Bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
1	handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
0	handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly
2	handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and
2	handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense ,
2	handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense
2	handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but
2	handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly
2	handles the nuclear crisis sequences
2	the nuclear crisis sequences
2	nuclear crisis sequences
2	crisis sequences
1	milks drama when she should be building suspense
2	milks drama
1	when she should be building suspense
2	she should be building suspense
2	should be building suspense
3	be building suspense
2	building suspense
2	drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly
1	drags out
1	too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly
1	too many scenes toward the end
2	too many scenes
1	too many
2	toward the end
2	the end
2	that should move quickly
2	should move quickly
2	move quickly
3	There 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening .
1	There 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening
2	There 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but
3	There 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references ,
3	There 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references
4	's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references
3	undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references
3	enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references
1	to be had from films crammed with movie references
2	be had from films crammed with movie references
3	had from films crammed with movie references
1	from films crammed with movie references
1	films crammed with movie references
2	crammed with movie references
2	with movie references
2	movie references
0	the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening
3	the fun
0	wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening
1	thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening
2	thin -- then out --
2	-- then out --
2	then out --
2	then out
1	when there 's nothing else happening
1	there 's nothing else happening
2	's nothing else happening
1	nothing else happening
2	nothing else
0	Imagine Kevin Smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .
0	Imagine Kevin Smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor
2	Imagine Kevin Smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey ,
2	Imagine Kevin Smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey
2	Kevin Smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey
2	Kevin Smith ,
2	Kevin Smith
2	the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey
2	the blasphemous bad boy
2	blasphemous bad boy
0	blasphemous bad
2	of suburban Jersey
2	suburban Jersey
2	if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor
0	he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor
0	were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor
1	stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor
2	of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor
2	most of his budget and all of his sense of humor
2	most of his budget and
1	most of his budget
2	of his budget
2	his budget
2	all of his sense of humor
2	of his sense of humor
2	his sense of humor
2	his sense
2	of humor
2	The result might look like Vulgar .
2	The result
1	might look like Vulgar .
2	might look like Vulgar
2	look like Vulgar
2	like Vulgar
0	Suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer demands .
0	Suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer
0	from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer
1	a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer
1	a lack of clarity and audacity
1	a lack
2	of clarity and audacity
3	clarity and audacity
3	clarity and
1	that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer
2	a subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer
1	subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer
2	subject as monstrous and
1	subject as monstrous
1	as monstrous
1	pathetic as Dahmer
1	as Dahmer
2	demands .
0	What soured me on The Santa Clause 2 was that Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky .
2	What soured me on The Santa Clause 2 was that Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard
0	soured me on The Santa Clause 2 was that Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard
2	me on The Santa Clause 2 was that Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard
2	me on The Santa Clause 2
3	on The Santa Clause 2
2	The Santa Clause 2
2	Santa Clause 2
2	Clause 2
3	was that Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard
1	that Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard
1	Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard
2	bumps up against 21st century reality so hard
2	bumps up
2	against 21st century reality so hard
2	21st century reality so hard
2	21st century reality
2	century reality
2	so hard
1	, it 's icky .
1	it 's icky .
1	's icky .
1	's icky
0	It 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .
0	's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .
0	's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long
0	an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long
3	an 88-minute highlight reel
1	88-minute highlight reel
3	highlight reel
0	that 's 86 minutes too long
1	's 86 minutes too long
0	86 minutes too long
2	86 minutes
1	too long
2	The film favors the scientific over the spectacular -LRB- visually speaking -RRB- .
2	The film
3	favors the scientific over the spectacular -LRB- visually speaking -RRB- .
2	favors the scientific over the spectacular -LRB- visually speaking -RRB-
3	the scientific over the spectacular -LRB- visually speaking -RRB-
2	the scientific
3	over the spectacular -LRB- visually speaking -RRB-
3	the spectacular -LRB- visually speaking -RRB-
3	the spectacular
2	-LRB- visually speaking -RRB-
2	visually speaking -RRB-
3	visually speaking
0	Such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
2	Such an incomprehensible
1	an incomprehensible
0	mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
1	mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
0	that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
1	it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
0	feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
2	feels less like bad cinema
2	less like bad cinema
0	like bad cinema
0	bad cinema
0	than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
0	like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
1	being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
0	stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
1	in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
0	a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
1	a dark pit
1	dark pit
1	having a nightmare about bad cinema
1	a nightmare about bad cinema
1	a nightmare
1	about bad cinema
0	bad cinema
1	With the exception of McCoist , the players do n't have a clue on the park .
2	With the exception of McCoist
2	the exception of McCoist
2	the exception
2	of McCoist
2	, the players do n't have a clue on the park .
1	the players do n't have a clue on the park .
2	the players
1	do n't have a clue on the park .
1	do n't have a clue on the park
2	do n't
2	have a clue on the park
2	a clue on the park
2	a clue
2	on the park
3	the park
0	The acting is n't much better .
2	The acting
1	is n't much better .
1	is n't much better
1	is n't
3	much better
2	The whole affair is as predictable as can be .
2	The whole affair
2	whole affair
2	is as predictable as can be .
1	is as predictable as can be
1	is as predictable
2	as predictable
2	as can be
2	can be
1	A not-so-Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood with a hefty helping of Re-Fried Green Tomatoes .
1	A not-so-Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya
1	A not-so-Divine Secrets
2	not-so-Divine Secrets
2	of the Ya-Ya
2	the Ya-Ya
2	Sisterhood with a hefty helping of Re-Fried Green Tomatoes .
2	Sisterhood with a hefty helping of Re-Fried Green Tomatoes
2	with a hefty helping of Re-Fried Green Tomatoes
2	a hefty helping of Re-Fried Green Tomatoes
2	a hefty helping
3	hefty helping
2	of Re-Fried Green Tomatoes
1	Re-Fried Green Tomatoes
2	Green Tomatoes
1	This cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .
1	This cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story
2	cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story
2	, voices-from-the-other-side story
2	voices-from-the-other-side story
1	is hell .
1	is hell
3	A suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .
2	A suffocating rape-payback horror
1	suffocating rape-payback horror
2	rape-payback horror
2	show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .
1	show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers
1	that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers
1	hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers
2	hinges on the subgenre
3	on the subgenre
2	the subgenre
2	's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers
2	's most
2	enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers
1	victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers
2	victim ... and
2	victim ...
0	an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers
3	an ebullient affection
3	ebullient affection
1	for industrial-model meat freezers
2	industrial-model meat freezers
2	meat freezers
1	Star Trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy .
2	Star Trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy
2	Star Trek was kind of terrific once , but
3	Star Trek was kind of terrific once ,
2	Star Trek was kind of terrific once
2	Star Trek
3	was kind of terrific once
4	was kind of terrific
3	kind of terrific
3	of terrific
1	now it is a copy of a copy of a copy
1	it is a copy of a copy of a copy
1	is a copy of a copy of a copy
1	a copy of a copy of a copy
2	a copy
2	of a copy of a copy
1	a copy of a copy
2	a copy
2	of a copy
2	a copy
0	-LRB- N -RRB- o matter how much good will the actors generate , Showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
2	-LRB- N -RRB- o matter how much good will the actors generate
2	-LRB- N -RRB-
2	N -RRB-
3	o matter how much good will the actors generate
2	matter how much good will the actors generate
2	how much good will the actors generate
2	how much good
2	how much
2	will the actors generate
2	will the actors
2	the actors
1	, Showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
0	Showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
2	eventually folds under its own thinness .
1	folds under its own thinness .
0	folds under its own thinness
1	under its own thinness
1	its own thinness
2	own thinness
2	Every potential twist is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of Rohypnol .
2	Every potential twist
2	potential twist
1	is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of Rohypnol .
1	is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of Rohypnol
2	telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of Rohypnol
2	telegraphed well in advance ,
2	telegraphed well in advance
3	telegraphed well
2	in advance
2	every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of Rohypnol
2	every performance respectably muted ;
2	every performance respectably muted
2	every performance
2	respectably muted
0	the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of Rohypnol
2	the movie
2	itself seems to have been made under the influence of Rohypnol
0	seems to have been made under the influence of Rohypnol
1	to have been made under the influence of Rohypnol
2	have been made under the influence of Rohypnol
1	been made under the influence of Rohypnol
0	made under the influence of Rohypnol
2	under the influence of Rohypnol
2	the influence of Rohypnol
2	the influence
2	of Rohypnol
1	Puts on airs of a Hal Hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .
2	Puts on airs of a Hal Hartley
2	on airs of a Hal Hartley
2	airs of a Hal Hartley
2	of a Hal Hartley
2	a Hal Hartley
2	Hal Hartley
1	wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .
1	wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself
1	wannabe film --
1	wannabe film
2	without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself
3	the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself
3	the vital comic ingredient
3	vital comic ingredient
2	comic ingredient
3	of the hilarious writer-director himself
3	the hilarious writer-director himself
4	hilarious writer-director himself
2	writer-director himself
1	Ver Wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless .
0	Ver Wiel 's desperate attempt at wit
2	Ver Wiel 's desperate attempt
3	Ver Wiel 's
2	Wiel 's
1	desperate attempt
2	at wit
0	is lost , leaving the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless .
1	is lost , leaving the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless
1	lost , leaving the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless
2	lost ,
1	leaving the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless
1	the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless
2	the character
0	of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless
2	Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless
2	Critical Jim
1	two-dimensional and pointless
1	two-dimensional and
2	Despite a performance of sustained intelligence from Stanford and another of subtle humour from Bebe Neuwirth , as an older woman who seduces Oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia - and its off
2	Despite a performance of sustained intelligence from Stanford and another of subtle humour from Bebe Neuwirth
4	a performance of sustained intelligence from Stanford and another of subtle humour from Bebe Neuwirth
2	a performance
4	of sustained intelligence from Stanford and another of subtle humour from Bebe Neuwirth
2	sustained intelligence from Stanford and another of subtle humour from Bebe Neuwirth
2	sustained intelligence from Stanford and
3	sustained intelligence from Stanford
2	sustained intelligence
2	from Stanford
3	another of subtle humour from Bebe Neuwirth
3	of subtle humour from Bebe Neuwirth
3	subtle humour from Bebe Neuwirth
3	subtle humour
2	from Bebe Neuwirth
2	Bebe Neuwirth
1	, as an older woman who seduces Oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia - and its off
1	as an older woman who seduces Oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia - and its off
2	as an older woman who seduces Oscar
2	an older woman who seduces Oscar
2	an older woman
2	older woman
2	who seduces Oscar
2	seduces Oscar
1	, the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia - and its off
1	the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia - and its off
2	the film
2	founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia - and its off
1	founders on its lack of empathy
1	on its lack of empathy
1	its lack of empathy
2	its lack
1	of empathy
2	for the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia - and its off
2	the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia - and its off
2	the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia - and
3	the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia -
2	the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia
2	the social milieu -
2	the social milieu
2	social milieu
2	rich New York intelligentsia
2	New York intelligentsia
3	York intelligentsia
2	its off
1	Although Disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual .
2	Although Disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure
2	Disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure
3	follows its standard formula in this animated adventure
2	follows its standard formula
1	its standard formula
1	standard formula
2	in this animated adventure
3	this animated adventure
2	animated adventure
1	, it feels more forced than usual .
0	it feels more forced than usual .
2	feels more forced than usual .
2	feels more forced than usual
0	more forced than usual
2	forced than usual
2	than usual
1	Gaghan ... has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .
0	... has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .
1	has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .
0	has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story
0	thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story
0	thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book
1	every suspenseful cliché in the book
0	every suspenseful cliché
3	suspenseful cliché
2	in the book
2	the book
1	at this nonsensical story
1	this nonsensical story
1	nonsensical story
1	A sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis .
1	A sham
2	construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis .
1	construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis
3	based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis
1	on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis
2	theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis
2	theory , sleight-of-hand , and
2	theory , sleight-of-hand ,
2	theory , sleight-of-hand
2	theory ,
1	ill-wrought hypothesis
3	-LRB- P -RRB- artnering Murphy with Robert De Niro for the TV-cops comedy Showtime would seem to be surefire casting .
2	-LRB- P -RRB- artnering Murphy with Robert De Niro for the TV-cops comedy Showtime
2	-LRB- P -RRB-
1	P -RRB-
2	artnering Murphy with Robert De Niro for the TV-cops comedy Showtime
2	Murphy with Robert De Niro for the TV-cops comedy Showtime
2	with Robert De Niro for the TV-cops comedy Showtime
2	Robert De Niro for the TV-cops comedy Showtime
2	Robert De Niro
2	De Niro
2	for the TV-cops comedy Showtime
2	the TV-cops comedy Showtime
2	TV-cops comedy Showtime
2	comedy Showtime
3	would seem to be surefire casting .
3	would seem to be surefire casting
3	seem to be surefire casting
2	to be surefire casting
3	be surefire casting
4	surefire casting
0	The catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
2	The catch
1	is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
1	is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
1	that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
1	they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
1	're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
0	stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
1	with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
1	a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
2	a script
1	that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
1	prevents them from firing on all cylinders
2	prevents them
3	from firing on all cylinders
4	firing on all cylinders
3	on all cylinders
2	all cylinders
2	` You 'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied .
1	You 'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied .
2	'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied .
1	'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied
3	'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but
3	'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half ,
2	'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half
4	laugh for not quite and hour and a half
2	for not quite and hour and a half
2	not quite and hour and a half
2	not quite and
1	not quite
2	hour and a half
2	hour and
2	a half
1	come out feeling strangely unsatisfied
2	come out
1	feeling strangely unsatisfied
1	strangely unsatisfied
1	You 'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter ... '
1	'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter ... '
1	'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter ...
1	'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter
2	feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter
2	like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter
2	you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter
2	ate a Reeses without the peanut butter
3	ate a Reeses
2	a Reeses
2	without the peanut butter
2	the peanut butter
2	peanut butter
1	Gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance .
3	offers a desperately ingratiating performance .
1	offers a desperately ingratiating performance
2	a desperately ingratiating performance
2	desperately ingratiating performance
2	desperately ingratiating
2	Parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone ... that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core .
2	Parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone ... that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core
2	Parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but
3	Parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material ,
4	Parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material
3	should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material
3	be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material
3	commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material
3	for taking a fresh approach to familiar material
3	taking a fresh approach to familiar material
3	taking a fresh approach
3	a fresh approach
3	fresh approach
2	to familiar material
2	familiar material
1	his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone ... that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core
3	his determination to remain true to the original text
2	determination to remain true to the original text
3	to remain true to the original text
2	remain true to the original text
2	true to the original text
2	to the original text
2	the original text
2	original text
1	leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone ... that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core
2	him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone ... that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core
1	to adopt a somewhat mannered tone ... that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core
1	adopt a somewhat mannered tone ... that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core
2	a somewhat mannered tone ... that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core
2	a somewhat mannered tone ...
2	a somewhat mannered tone
2	somewhat mannered tone
3	somewhat mannered
0	that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core
1	ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core
2	dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core
2	the human tragedy at the story 's core
2	the human tragedy
2	human tragedy
2	at the story 's core
2	the story 's core
2	the story 's
2	story 's
2	The director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn .
2	The director
3	has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn .
3	has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn
2	injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn
1	injected self-consciousness
2	into the proceedings at every turn
2	the proceedings at every turn
2	the proceedings
2	at every turn
2	every turn
1	The results are far more alienating than involving .
2	The results
1	are far more alienating than involving .
1	are far more alienating than involving
1	far more alienating than involving
2	far more
2	alienating than involving
2	than involving
1	Bogdanich is unashamedly pro-Serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .
1	is unashamedly pro-Serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .
2	is unashamedly pro-Serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side
2	is unashamedly pro-Serbian and
1	is unashamedly pro-Serbian
2	unashamedly pro-Serbian
1	makes little attempt to give voice to the other side
1	makes little attempt
1	little attempt
2	to give voice to the other side
2	give voice to the other side
2	give voice
2	to the other side
2	the other side
2	other side
2	A lack of thesis makes Maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special .
1	A lack of thesis
2	A lack
2	of thesis
1	makes Maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special .
1	makes Maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special
2	Maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special
2	, in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special
2	in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special
2	in the end
2	the end
2	, play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special
1	play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special
2	play out
1	with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special
2	the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special
3	the intellectual and emotional impact
3	intellectual and emotional impact
3	intellectual and emotional
3	intellectual and
2	of an after-school special
2	an after-school special
2	after-school special
0	Without Shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .
2	Without Shakespeare 's eloquent language
3	Shakespeare 's eloquent language
2	Shakespeare 's
3	eloquent language
0	, the update is dreary and sluggish .
0	the update is dreary and sluggish .
2	the update
1	is dreary and sluggish .
0	is dreary and sluggish
1	dreary and sluggish
1	dreary and
2	If H.G. Wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin 's reworked version , what would he say ?
2	If H.G. Wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin 's reworked version
2	H.G. Wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin 's reworked version
2	H.G. Wells
2	had a time machine and could take a look at his kin 's reworked version
2	had a time machine and
2	had a time machine
2	a time machine
2	time machine
2	could take a look at his kin 's reworked version
2	take a look at his kin 's reworked version
3	take a look
2	a look
2	at his kin 's reworked version
2	his kin 's reworked version
2	his kin 's
2	kin 's
2	reworked version
2	, what would he say ?
3	what would he say ?
2	would he say ?
2	would he say
2	would he
1	` It looks good , Sonny , but you missed the point . '
1	It looks good , Sonny , but you missed the point . '
2	It looks good , Sonny , but you missed the point .
1	It looks good , Sonny , but you missed the point
2	It looks good , Sonny , but
3	It looks good , Sonny ,
3	It looks good , Sonny
2	looks good , Sonny
3	good , Sonny
3	good ,
1	you missed the point
1	missed the point
2	the point
1	During The Tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` Chan moment ' .
2	During The Tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time
1	The Tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time
2	The Tuxedo 's 90 minutes
2	The Tuxedo 's
2	Tuxedo 's
2	90 minutes
2	of screen time
2	screen time
2	, there is n't one true ` Chan moment ' .
1	there is n't one true ` Chan moment ' .
1	is n't one true ` Chan moment ' .
1	is n't one true ` Chan moment '
1	is n't
2	one true ` Chan moment '
2	true ` Chan moment '
2	` Chan moment '
2	Chan moment '
2	moment '
2	Bisset delivers a game performance , but she is unable to save the movie .
2	Bisset delivers a game performance , but she is unable to save the movie
2	Bisset delivers a game performance , but
4	Bisset delivers a game performance ,
3	Bisset delivers a game performance
3	delivers a game performance
3	a game performance
2	game performance
0	she is unable to save the movie
1	is unable to save the movie
0	unable to save the movie
1	to save the movie
2	save the movie
2	the movie
3	Watching Austin Powers in Goldmember is like binging on cotton candy .
2	Watching Austin Powers in Goldmember
2	Watching Austin Powers
2	Austin Powers
2	in Goldmember
2	is like binging on cotton candy .
3	is like binging on cotton candy
2	like binging on cotton candy
2	binging on cotton candy
3	on cotton candy
2	cotton candy
1	It 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .
2	It 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied
3	It 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but
3	It 's sweet and fluffy at the time ,
4	It 's sweet and fluffy at the time
3	's sweet and fluffy at the time
2	's sweet and fluffy
3	sweet and fluffy
3	sweet and
2	at the time
2	the time
1	it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied
2	may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied
1	leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied
1	you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied
1	feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied
2	a little sticky and unsatisfied
0	little sticky and unsatisfied
1	sticky and unsatisfied
2	sticky and
2	The most anti-human big studio picture since 3000 Miles to Graceland .
2	The most anti-human big studio
2	most anti-human big studio
1	most anti-human
2	big studio
2	picture since 3000 Miles to Graceland .
2	picture since 3000 Miles to Graceland
2	picture since 3000 Miles
2	since 3000 Miles
2	3000 Miles
2	to Graceland
1	The film can depress you about life itself .
2	The film
1	can depress you about life itself .
0	can depress you about life itself
1	depress you about life itself
0	depress you
2	about life itself
2	life itself
0	I 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché .
1	I 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché
2	I 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but
3	I 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept ,
2	I 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept
3	'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept
3	sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept
3	the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept
2	the filmmakers
3	found this a remarkable and novel concept
4	this a remarkable and novel concept
3	a remarkable and novel concept
4	a remarkable and novel
3	remarkable and novel
3	remarkable and
1	anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché
2	anybody who has ever seen an independent film
2	who has ever seen an independent film
2	has ever seen an independent film
2	has ever
2	seen an independent film
2	an independent film
3	independent film
0	can report that it is instead a cheap cliché
0	report that it is instead a cheap cliché
1	that it is instead a cheap cliché
2	it is instead a cheap cliché
0	is instead a cheap cliché
2	is instead
1	a cheap cliché
1	cheap cliché
1	The acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line .
1	The acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line
3	The acting is fine but
3	The acting is fine
2	The acting
3	is fine
0	the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line
2	the script
0	is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line
1	is about as interesting
1	about as interesting
2	as interesting
1	as a recording of conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line
2	a recording of conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line
2	a recording
2	of conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line
2	conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line
2	at the Wal-Mart checkout line
1	the Wal-Mart checkout line
1	Wal-Mart checkout line
2	checkout line
1	Its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .
2	Its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers
2	Its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but
1	Its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters ,
2	Its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters
2	Its weighty themes
2	weighty themes
1	are too grave for youngsters
1	too grave for youngsters
1	grave for youngsters
2	for youngsters
1	the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers
2	the story
1	is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers
1	is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things
1	too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things
1	steeped in fairy tales and other childish things
2	in fairy tales and other childish things
2	fairy tales and other childish things
2	fairy tales and
2	fairy tales
2	other childish things
1	childish things
2	to appeal much to teenagers
2	appeal much to teenagers
2	much to teenagers
2	to teenagers
2	The plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before Janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel .
2	The plot
3	plummets into a comedy graveyard before Janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel .
3	plummets into a comedy graveyard before Janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel
0	plummets into a comedy graveyard
1	into a comedy graveyard
2	a comedy graveyard
2	comedy graveyard
3	before Janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel
3	Janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel
2	comes racing to the rescue in the final reel
3	racing to the rescue in the final reel
3	to the rescue in the final reel
2	the rescue in the final reel
2	the rescue
2	in the final reel
2	the final reel
2	final reel
1	Sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
0	there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
0	are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
0	are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely
3	are very , very good reasons for certain movies
4	are very , very good reasons
3	very , very good reasons
4	very , very good
3	, very good
3	very good
2	for certain movies
2	certain movies
0	to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely
1	be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely
1	sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely
2	sealed in a jar and
1	sealed in a jar
2	in a jar
2	a jar
1	left on a remote shelf indefinitely
1	left on a remote shelf
2	on a remote shelf
3	a remote shelf
2	remote shelf
1	At 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .
1	At 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer
2	At 90 minutes this movie is short , but
2	At 90 minutes this movie is short ,
1	At 90 minutes this movie is short
2	At 90 minutes
2	90 minutes
2	this movie is short
2	this movie
2	is short
1	it feels much longer
2	feels much longer
2	much longer
2	Here 's my advice , Kev .
2	's my advice , Kev .
2	's my advice , Kev
2	my advice , Kev
2	my advice ,
2	my advice
1	Start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .
1	Start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line
1	reading your scripts before signing that dotted line
2	reading your scripts
2	your scripts
2	before signing that dotted line
2	signing that dotted line
2	that dotted line
2	dotted line
1	An alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets .
2	An alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets
2	An alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ...
2	An alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom
2	alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom
2	alternately raucous and sappy
1	raucous and sappy
2	raucous and
2	ethnic sitcom
1	you 'd be wise to send your regrets
2	'd be wise to send your regrets
2	be wise to send your regrets
2	wise to send your regrets
1	to send your regrets
2	send your regrets
2	your regrets
0	An ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .
1	An ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily
2	An ugly-duckling tale
2	ugly-duckling tale
1	so hideously and clumsily
0	hideously and clumsily
0	hideously and
2	told it feels accidental .
2	told it feels accidental
1	it feels accidental
2	feels accidental
0	Unfortunately , it 's also not very good .
2	, it 's also not very good .
1	it 's also not very good .
1	's also not very good .
0	's also not very good
2	's also not
2	's also
3	very good
2	Especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie .
2	Especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie
2	compared with the television series that inspired the movie
2	with the television series that inspired the movie
3	the television series that inspired the movie
2	the television series
2	television series
2	that inspired the movie
2	inspired the movie
2	the movie
2	It wraps up a classic mother\/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it 's not all new , at least it looks pretty .
3	It wraps up a classic mother\/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it 's not all new , at least it looks pretty
2	It wraps up a classic mother\/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and
2	It wraps up a classic mother\/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow
2	wraps up a classic mother\/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow
3	wraps up
1	a classic mother\/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow
3	a classic mother\/daughter struggle
3	classic mother\/daughter struggle
2	mother\/daughter struggle
2	in recycled paper with a shiny new bow
2	recycled paper with a shiny new bow
2	recycled paper
2	with a shiny new bow
2	a shiny new bow
3	shiny new bow
2	new bow
3	while the audience can tell it 's not all new , at least it looks pretty
1	while the audience can tell it 's not all new
3	the audience can tell it 's not all new
2	the audience
2	can tell it 's not all new
1	tell it 's not all new
1	it 's not all new
1	's not all new
2	's not
3	all new
2	, at least it looks pretty
3	at least it looks pretty
2	at least
3	it looks pretty
3	looks pretty
0	Glazed with a tawdry B-movie scum .
0	Glazed with a tawdry B-movie scum
1	with a tawdry B-movie scum
1	a tawdry B-movie scum
1	tawdry B-movie scum
0	B-movie scum
0	This is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
0	is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
0	is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
0	the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
2	the kind of movie
2	the kind
2	of movie
0	during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
2	during which
0	you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
0	want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
2	to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
0	bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
0	bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy ,
1	bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy
0	bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness ,
0	bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness
1	bang your head on the seat in front of you ,
2	bang your head on the seat in front of you
1	bang your head
2	your head
2	on the seat in front of you
2	the seat in front of you
2	the seat
2	in front of you
2	front of you
2	of you
1	at its cluelessness
2	its cluelessness
2	at its idiocy
0	its idiocy
0	at its utterly misplaced earnestness
1	its utterly misplaced earnestness
1	utterly misplaced earnestness
0	utterly misplaced
1	It winds up moving in many directions as it searches -LRB- vainly , I think -RRB- for something fresh to say .
2	winds up moving in many directions as it searches -LRB- vainly , I think -RRB- for something fresh to say .
1	winds up moving in many directions as it searches -LRB- vainly , I think -RRB- for something fresh to say
2	winds up
3	moving in many directions as it searches -LRB- vainly , I think -RRB- for something fresh to say
2	moving in many directions
2	in many directions
2	many directions
2	as it searches -LRB- vainly , I think -RRB- for something fresh to say
1	it searches -LRB- vainly , I think -RRB- for something fresh to say
3	searches -LRB- vainly , I think -RRB- for something fresh to say
2	searches -LRB- vainly , I think -RRB-
1	-LRB- vainly , I think -RRB-
2	vainly , I think -RRB-
1	vainly , I think
2	, I think
2	I think
2	for something fresh to say
3	something fresh to say
2	fresh to say
2	to say
3	All in all , Road to Perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence .
2	All in all , Road to Perdition
2	in all , Road to Perdition
2	all , Road to Perdition
2	all ,
2	Road to Perdition
2	to Perdition
3	is more in love with strangeness than excellence .
1	is more in love with strangeness than excellence
2	is more in love
2	more in love
2	in love
1	with strangeness than excellence
2	strangeness than excellence
2	than excellence
1	A big fat pain .
1	big fat pain .
2	fat pain .
2	pain .
1	A mimetic approximation of better films like Contempt and 8 1\/2 .
1	A mimetic approximation of better films
2	A mimetic approximation
2	mimetic approximation
1	of better films
1	better films
2	like Contempt and 8 1\/2 .
2	like Contempt and 8 1\/2
2	Contempt and 8 1\/2
2	Contempt and
2	8 1\/2
2	Unintelligible , poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , Harvard Man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic .
0	, poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , Harvard Man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic .
1	poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , Harvard Man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic .
1	poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , Harvard Man
1	poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad ,
1	poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad
0	poorly acted ,
0	poorly acted
0	brain-slappingly bad
2	Harvard Man
2	is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic .
2	is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic
2	ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic
1	ludicrous enough
3	that it could become a cult classic
3	it could become a cult classic
3	could become a cult classic
3	become a cult classic
3	a cult classic
4	cult classic
3	Watching The Powerpuff Girls Movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in Japan that gave people seizures .
2	Watching The Powerpuff Girls Movie
2	The Powerpuff Girls Movie
2	Powerpuff Girls Movie
2	Girls Movie
1	, my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in Japan that gave people seizures .
1	my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in Japan that gave people seizures .
3	my mind
2	kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in Japan that gave people seizures .
2	kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in Japan that gave people seizures
1	returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in Japan that gave people seizures
1	to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in Japan that gave people seizures
2	one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in Japan that gave people seizures
2	one anecdote for comparison :
2	one anecdote for comparison
2	one anecdote
2	for comparison
1	the cartoon in Japan that gave people seizures
2	the cartoon in Japan
3	the cartoon
2	in Japan
1	that gave people seizures
1	gave people seizures
2	gave people
1	An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .
1	An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength
1	An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms
0	An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work
1	An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short
1	An inelegant combination
2	inelegant combination
0	of two unrelated shorts that falls far short
1	two unrelated shorts that falls far short
2	two unrelated shorts
1	unrelated shorts
1	that falls far short
0	falls far short
1	far short
2	of the director 's previous work
2	the director 's previous work
3	the director 's
2	director 's
2	previous work
2	in terms
4	of both thematic content and narrative strength
3	both thematic content and narrative strength
3	thematic content and narrative strength
3	content and narrative strength
3	and narrative strength
2	narrative strength
0	To build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .
1	To build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman
3	build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman
4	build a feel-good fantasy
3	a feel-good fantasy
2	feel-good fantasy
2	around a vain dictator-madman
2	a vain dictator-madman
2	vain dictator-madman
0	is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .
2	is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved
1	is off-putting ,
1	is off-putting
1	to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved
1	say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved
2	say the least ,
2	say the least
2	the least
0	not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved
1	to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved
1	mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved
1	inappropriate and wildly undeserved
2	inappropriate and
2	wildly undeserved
0	With the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which They is n't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
0	With the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which They is n't
2	the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which They is n't
1	the cheesiest
2	monsters this side of a horror spoof , which They is n't
2	this side of a horror spoof , which They is n't
2	this side
2	of a horror spoof , which They is n't
2	a horror spoof , which They is n't
2	a horror spoof ,
2	a horror spoof
2	horror spoof
2	which They is n't
2	They is n't
1	is n't
1	, it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
1	it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
0	is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
1	is more likely to induce sleep than fright
0	more likely to induce sleep than fright
0	likely to induce sleep than fright
0	to induce sleep than fright
1	induce sleep than fright
1	induce sleep
2	than fright
2	Mild , meandering teen flick .
2	, meandering teen flick .
2	meandering teen flick .
1	meandering teen flick
2	teen flick
2	Though its atmosphere is intriguing ... the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression .
3	Though its atmosphere is intriguing
3	its atmosphere is intriguing
2	its atmosphere
3	is intriguing
1	... the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression .
0	the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression .
2	the drama
2	is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression .
1	is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression
2	is finally too predictable
2	is finally
0	too predictable
2	to leave much of an impression
2	leave much of an impression
2	much of an impression
3	of an impression
2	an impression
1	Though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .
1	Though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs
3	this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs
1	this rude and crude film
2	rude and crude film
1	and crude film
0	crude film
3	does deliver a few gut-busting laughs
3	deliver a few gut-busting laughs
3	a few gut-busting laughs
3	few gut-busting laughs
2	gut-busting laughs
2	, its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .
1	its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .
2	its digs at modern society
2	its digs
2	at modern society
2	modern society
2	are all things we 've seen before .
1	are all things we 've seen before
1	all things we 've seen before
2	all things
2	we 've seen before
1	've seen before
2	seen before
1	Although it tries to be much more , it 's really just another Major League .
2	Although it tries to be much more
2	it tries to be much more
2	tries to be much more
2	to be much more
2	be much more
2	much more
2	, it 's really just another Major League .
2	it 's really just another Major League .
1	's really just another Major League .
1	's really just another Major League
2	's really
2	just another Major League
2	another Major League
2	Major League
0	Astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .
0	Astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap
3	Astonishing is n't the word --
2	Astonishing is n't the word
2	is n't the word
1	is n't
2	the word
1	neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap
1	is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap
0	incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap
1	incompetent , incoherent or
2	incompetent , incoherent
1	incompetent ,
0	just plain crap
0	plain crap
2	Indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is Deuces Wild .
1	, none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is Deuces Wild .
1	none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is Deuces Wild .
2	none of these words
2	of these words
2	these words
2	really gets at the very special type of badness that is Deuces Wild .
2	gets at the very special type of badness that is Deuces Wild .
2	gets at the very special type of badness that is Deuces Wild
1	at the very special type of badness that is Deuces Wild
1	the very special type of badness that is Deuces Wild
2	the very special type
3	very special type
2	special type
2	of badness that is Deuces Wild
1	badness that is Deuces Wild
2	that is Deuces Wild
2	is Deuces Wild
2	Deuces Wild
2	One thing is for sure : This movie does not tell you a whole lot about Lily Chou-Chou .
2	One thing is for sure : This movie does not tell you a whole lot about Lily Chou-Chou
2	One thing is for sure :
2	One thing is for sure
2	One thing
2	is for sure
3	for sure
2	This movie does not tell you a whole lot about Lily Chou-Chou
2	This movie
2	does not tell you a whole lot about Lily Chou-Chou
2	does not
2	tell you a whole lot about Lily Chou-Chou
3	tell you
2	a whole lot about Lily Chou-Chou
3	a whole lot
2	whole lot
2	about Lily Chou-Chou
2	Lily Chou-Chou
1	With a tone as variable as the cinematography , Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
3	With a tone as variable as the cinematography
2	a tone as variable as the cinematography
2	a tone
2	as variable as the cinematography
2	variable as the cinematography
2	as the cinematography
2	the cinematography
1	, Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
0	Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
1	Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm
1	Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and
1	Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs ,
1	Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs
2	Schaeffer 's film
2	Schaeffer 's
1	never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs
3	settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs
2	into the light-footed enchantment the material needs
3	the light-footed enchantment the material needs
3	the light-footed enchantment
2	light-footed enchantment
2	the material needs
2	the material
1	the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm
2	the characters ' quirks and foibles
2	the characters '
2	characters '
2	quirks and foibles
2	quirks and
2	never jell into charm
3	jell into charm
2	into charm
0	To better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and I wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough .
1	To better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and I wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough
2	To better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and I wo n't be sitting through this one again ...
0	To better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and I wo n't be sitting through this one again
1	To better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and
2	To better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing ,
2	To better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing
2	better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing
1	understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing
1	why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing
1	this did n't connect with me would require another viewing
1	did n't connect with me would require another viewing
2	did n't
2	connect with me would require another viewing
2	with me would require another viewing
2	me would require another viewing
2	would require another viewing
2	require another viewing
2	another viewing
1	I wo n't be sitting through this one again
0	wo n't be sitting through this one again
2	wo n't
2	be sitting through this one again
2	sitting through this one again
1	sitting through this one
2	through this one
2	this one
2	that in itself is commentary enough
2	that in itself
2	in itself
3	is commentary enough
2	commentary enough
1	Cuba Gooding Jr. valiantly mugs his way through Snow Dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy .
0	Cuba Gooding Jr. valiantly mugs his way through Snow Dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy
2	Cuba Gooding Jr. valiantly mugs his way through Snow Dogs , but
2	Cuba Gooding Jr. valiantly mugs his way through Snow Dogs ,
2	Cuba Gooding Jr. valiantly mugs his way through Snow Dogs
2	Cuba Gooding Jr.
2	Gooding Jr.
2	valiantly mugs his way through Snow Dogs
2	mugs his way through Snow Dogs
2	mugs his way
2	his way
2	through Snow Dogs
2	Snow Dogs
1	even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy
1	his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy
3	his boisterous energy
3	boisterous energy
0	fails to spark this leaden comedy
2	to spark this leaden comedy
2	spark this leaden comedy
1	this leaden comedy
2	leaden comedy
1	Diane Lane 's sophisticated performance ca n't rescue Adrian Lyne 's Unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .
4	Diane Lane 's sophisticated performance
2	Diane Lane 's
2	Lane 's
4	sophisticated performance
0	ca n't rescue Adrian Lyne 's Unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .
2	ca n't rescue Adrian Lyne 's Unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing
2	ca n't
1	rescue Adrian Lyne 's Unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing
2	rescue Adrian Lyne 's Unfaithful
2	Adrian Lyne 's Unfaithful
2	Adrian Lyne 's
2	Lyne 's
1	from its sleazy moralizing
0	its sleazy moralizing
1	sleazy moralizing
0	Not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- I doubt it would be all that interesting .
2	at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- I doubt it would be all that interesting .
1	at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- I doubt it
2	at all clear
2	at all
2	what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- I doubt it
3	what it 's trying to say and
2	what it 's trying to say
2	it 's trying to say
2	's trying to say
2	trying to say
2	to say
2	even if it were -- I doubt it
2	if it were -- I doubt it
2	it were -- I doubt it
2	were -- I doubt it
2	were --
2	I doubt it
1	doubt it
2	would be all that interesting .
2	would be all that interesting
2	be all that interesting
2	all that interesting
2	all that
0	-LRB- Swimfan -RRB- falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .
2	-LRB- Swimfan -RRB-
2	Swimfan -RRB-
1	falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .
0	falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting
2	victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting
0	victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and
2	victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act
1	victim to sloppy plotting ,
0	victim to sloppy plotting
0	to sloppy plotting
1	sloppy plotting
0	an insultingly unbelievable final act
0	insultingly unbelievable final act
1	insultingly unbelievable
3	final act
2	a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting
2	a villainess
1	who is too crazy to be interesting
1	is too crazy to be interesting
2	is too crazy
1	too crazy
3	to be interesting
2	be interesting
1	This remake of Lina Wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John and Bo Derek made the ridiculous Bolero .
0	This remake of Lina Wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John and Bo Derek made the ridiculous Bolero
0	This remake of Lina Wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John and
0	This remake of Lina Wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John
2	This remake of Lina Wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy
2	This remake
2	of Lina Wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy
2	Lina Wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy
2	Lina Wertmuller 's
2	Wertmuller 's
2	1975 eroti-comedy
1	might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John
2	might just
0	be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John
0	the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John
1	the biggest husband-and-wife disaster
1	biggest husband-and-wife disaster
1	husband-and-wife disaster
2	since John
1	Bo Derek made the ridiculous Bolero
3	Bo Derek
2	made the ridiculous Bolero
1	the ridiculous Bolero
1	ridiculous Bolero
2	Silly , loud and goofy .
3	Silly , loud and goofy
2	Silly ,
1	loud and goofy
2	loud and
0	Why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?
0	spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?
0	spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
2	spend $ 9
2	$ 9
2	on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
1	the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
2	the same stuff
1	same stuff
2	you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
1	can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
1	get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
2	get for a buck or so
2	for a buck or so
2	a buck or so
2	buck or so
1	buck or
1	in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
1	that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
2	that greasy little vidgame pit
1	greasy little vidgame pit
1	little vidgame pit
2	vidgame pit
2	in the theater lobby
2	the theater lobby
2	theater lobby
0	The French director has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .
2	The French director
2	French director
0	has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .
1	has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing
0	turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing
1	turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema
2	turned out
1	nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema
2	nearly 21\/2 hours
2	nearly 21\/2
0	of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema
0	unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema
1	unfocused , excruciatingly tedious
0	, excruciatingly tedious
1	excruciatingly tedious
1	that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing
2	that , half an hour in ,
2	that , half an hour in
2	that ,
2	half an hour in
2	half an hour
2	an hour
1	starts making water torture seem appealing
2	making water torture seem appealing
1	water torture seem appealing
1	water torture
3	seem appealing
1	The basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .
2	The basic premise
2	basic premise
0	is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .
1	is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy
2	is intriguing but
3	is intriguing
0	quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy
1	becomes distasteful and downright creepy
0	distasteful and downright creepy
1	distasteful and
1	downright creepy
1	The Pool drowned me in boredom .
2	The Pool
0	drowned me in boredom .
0	drowned me in boredom
0	drowned me
1	in boredom
1	It 's like an all-star salute to Disney 's cheesy commercialism .
2	's like an all-star salute to Disney 's cheesy commercialism .
2	's like an all-star salute to Disney 's cheesy commercialism
3	's like an all-star salute
3	like an all-star salute
3	an all-star salute
3	all-star salute
2	to Disney 's cheesy commercialism
2	Disney 's cheesy commercialism
2	Disney 's
1	cheesy commercialism
0	It 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .
0	's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .
0	's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one
0	hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one
0	to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one
0	imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one
0	any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one
3	any recent film , independent or otherwise ,
2	any recent film , independent or otherwise
2	any recent film ,
2	any recent film
2	recent film
2	independent or otherwise
3	independent or
1	that makes as much of a mess as this one
1	makes as much of a mess as this one
1	as much of a mess as this one
2	as much
2	of a mess as this one
1	a mess as this one
0	a mess
2	as this one
2	this one
1	Some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity .
2	Some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity
3	Some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but
3	Some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale ,
2	Some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale
3	Some of the computer animation is handsome , and
3	Some of the computer animation is handsome ,
3	Some of the computer animation is handsome
2	Some of the computer animation
2	of the computer animation
2	the computer animation
2	computer animation
3	is handsome
3	various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale
3	various amusing sidekicks
3	amusing sidekicks
3	add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale
3	add much-needed levity
3	much-needed levity
1	to the otherwise bleak tale
2	the otherwise bleak tale
1	otherwise bleak tale
1	otherwise bleak
2	overall the film never rises above mediocrity
2	overall the film
2	the film
1	never rises above mediocrity
2	rises above mediocrity
2	above mediocrity
1	There 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .
2	There 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170
4	There 's an excellent 90-minute film here ;
3	There 's an excellent 90-minute film here
4	's an excellent 90-minute film here
4	's an excellent 90-minute film
4	an excellent 90-minute film
4	excellent 90-minute film
2	90-minute film
1	unfortunately , it runs for 170
1	, it runs for 170
2	it runs for 170
2	runs for 170
2	for 170
1	As saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .
1	As saccharine movies go
2	saccharine movies go
2	saccharine movies
0	, this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .
2	this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .
1	is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .
1	is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses
1	likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses
1	to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses
2	cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses
0	cause massive cardiac arrest
1	massive cardiac arrest
1	cardiac arrest
2	if taken in large doses
2	taken in large doses
2	in large doses
2	large doses
2	Die Another Day is only intermittently entertaining but it 's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it 's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with .
3	Die Another Day is only intermittently entertaining but it 's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it 's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with
3	Die Another Day is only intermittently entertaining but it 's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or
2	Die Another Day is only intermittently entertaining but it 's hard not to be a sucker for its charms ,
2	Die Another Day is only intermittently entertaining but it 's hard not to be a sucker for its charms
2	Die Another Day
2	Another Day
3	is only intermittently entertaining but it 's hard not to be a sucker for its charms
1	is only intermittently entertaining
2	is only
2	intermittently entertaining
2	but it 's hard not to be a sucker for its charms
3	it 's hard not to be a sucker for its charms
3	's hard not to be a sucker for its charms
2	's hard
1	not to be a sucker for its charms
2	to be a sucker for its charms
2	be a sucker for its charms
2	a sucker for its charms
1	a sucker
2	for its charms
3	its charms
2	perhaps it 's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with
2	it 's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with
3	's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with
2	's just impossible
1	just impossible
2	not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with
2	to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with
3	feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with
2	feel nostalgia
2	for movies you grew up with
2	movies you grew up with
2	you grew up with
2	grew up with
2	grew up
1	As is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , Mr. Murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
2	As is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers
2	is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers
2	is often
1	the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers
2	the case
3	with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers
3	ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers
3	ambitious , eager
2	, eager
2	first-time filmmakers
1	, Mr. Murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
1	Mr. Murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
2	Mr. Murray , a prolific director of music videos ,
3	Mr. Murray , a prolific director of music videos
2	Mr. Murray ,
2	Mr. Murray
3	a prolific director of music videos
3	a prolific director
3	prolific director
2	of music videos
3	music videos
2	stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
1	stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold
2	stuffs his debut with more plot
1	stuffs his debut
2	his debut
2	with more plot
3	more plot
2	than it can comfortably hold
3	it can comfortably hold
3	can comfortably hold
2	can comfortably
1	The mystery of Enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture .
2	The mystery of Enigma
2	The mystery
2	of Enigma
1	is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture .
1	is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture
1	how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture
2	a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture
3	a rich historical subject
3	rich historical subject
2	historical subject
1	, combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture
0	combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture
4	combined with so much first-rate talent
3	with so much first-rate talent
4	so much first-rate talent
3	so much first-rate
3	much first-rate
2	... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture
1	could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture
2	have yielded such a flat , plodding picture
0	yielded such a flat , plodding picture
0	such a flat , plodding picture
1	a flat , plodding picture
1	flat , plodding picture
1	, plodding picture
0	plodding picture
3	It throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` Look at this !
1	throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` Look at this !
2	throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` Look at this
2	throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us ,
1	throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us
1	throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue
2	quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue
3	quirky characters , odd situations , and
2	quirky characters , odd situations ,
2	quirky characters , odd situations
2	quirky characters ,
2	quirky characters
2	odd situations
1	off-kilter dialogue
2	at us
2	all as if to say , `` Look at this
2	all as
2	if to say , `` Look at this
2	to say , `` Look at this
2	say , `` Look at this
2	say , ``
2	say ,
2	Look at this
2	at this
4	This is an interesting movie ! ''
3	is an interesting movie ! ''
4	is an interesting movie !
3	is an interesting movie
3	an interesting movie
4	interesting movie
0	But the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
1	the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
2	the film
0	itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
1	is ultimately quite unengaging .
1	is ultimately quite unengaging
3	is ultimately
0	quite unengaging
1	The inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror\/action hybrid .
1	The inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie
2	The inherent limitations
2	inherent limitations
2	of using a video game as the source material movie
2	using a video game as the source material movie
2	using a video game
2	a video game
2	video game
2	as the source material movie
3	the source material movie
2	source material movie
2	material movie
1	are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror\/action hybrid .
1	are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror\/action hybrid
2	are once again
2	once again
1	made all too clear in this schlocky horror\/action hybrid
2	made all too clear
2	all too clear
1	too clear
2	in this schlocky horror\/action hybrid
1	this schlocky horror\/action hybrid
1	schlocky horror\/action hybrid
3	horror\/action hybrid
1	It 's not only dull because we 've seen -LRB- Eddie -RRB- Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed .
2	's not only dull because we 've seen -LRB- Eddie -RRB- Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed .
1	's not only dull because we 've seen -LRB- Eddie -RRB- Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed
1	's not only dull
2	's not
1	only dull
0	because we 've seen -LRB- Eddie -RRB- Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed
1	we 've seen -LRB- Eddie -RRB- Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed
1	've seen -LRB- Eddie -RRB- Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed
0	seen -LRB- Eddie -RRB- Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed
3	seen -LRB- Eddie -RRB-
2	-LRB- Eddie -RRB-
2	Eddie -RRB-
1	Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed
2	Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but
1	Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death ,
1	Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death
1	do the genial-rogue shtick to death
2	do the genial-rogue shtick
2	the genial-rogue shtick
1	genial-rogue shtick
1	to death
0	because the plot is equally hackneyed
2	the plot is equally hackneyed
2	the plot
1	is equally hackneyed
2	equally hackneyed
2	Avary 's film never quite emerges from the shadow of Ellis ' book .
2	Avary 's film
2	Avary 's
1	never quite emerges from the shadow of Ellis ' book .
1	never quite
2	emerges from the shadow of Ellis ' book .
2	emerges from the shadow of Ellis ' book
3	from the shadow of Ellis ' book
2	the shadow of Ellis ' book
2	the shadow
3	of Ellis ' book
2	Ellis ' book
2	Ellis '
2	A poorly scripted , preachy fable that forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda .
1	A poorly scripted , preachy fable
0	poorly scripted , preachy fable
0	poorly scripted ,
1	poorly scripted
1	preachy fable
2	that forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda .
1	that forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda
1	forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda
2	about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda
2	unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda
2	unfolding a coherent , believable story
3	a coherent , believable story
3	coherent , believable story
2	, believable story
3	believable story
2	in its zeal to spread propaganda
1	its zeal to spread propaganda
1	zeal to spread propaganda
1	to spread propaganda
1	spread propaganda
1	While it is interesting to witness the conflict from the Palestinian side , Longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
2	While it is interesting to witness the conflict from the Palestinian side
2	it is interesting to witness the conflict from the Palestinian side
3	is interesting to witness the conflict from the Palestinian side
3	interesting to witness the conflict from the Palestinian side
2	to witness the conflict from the Palestinian side
2	witness the conflict from the Palestinian side
2	witness the conflict
2	the conflict
2	from the Palestinian side
2	the Palestinian side
2	Palestinian side
0	, Longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
2	Longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
3	Longley 's film
2	Longley 's
0	lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
1	lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context
2	lacks balance ... and
1	lacks balance ...
1	lacks balance
1	fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context
2	to put the struggle into meaningful historical context
2	put the struggle into meaningful historical context
2	put the struggle
2	the struggle
2	into meaningful historical context
4	meaningful historical context
2	historical context
1	Woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg got it right the first time ?
3	Woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director
3	has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director
2	has as much right
2	as much right
2	much right
2	to make a huge action sequence as any director
3	make a huge action sequence as any director
3	make a huge action sequence
3	a huge action sequence
3	huge action sequence
2	action sequence
2	as any director
2	any director
1	, but how long will filmmakers copy the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg got it right the first time ?
2	, but how long will filmmakers copy the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg got it right the first time
2	, but
1	how long will filmmakers copy the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg got it right the first time
1	how long will filmmakers copy the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg
2	how long
2	will filmmakers copy the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg
2	will filmmakers
2	copy the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg
2	the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg
3	the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes
2	`` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes
2	Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes
2	Private Ryan '' battle scenes
2	Ryan '' battle scenes
2	'' battle scenes
2	battle scenes
2	before realizing Steven Spielberg
2	realizing Steven Spielberg
2	Steven Spielberg
3	got it right the first time
3	got it right
2	it right
2	the first time
2	first time
2	It 's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun .
0	's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun .
1	's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun
1	's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately ,
1	's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately
1	's sincere to a fault , but ,
2	's sincere to a fault , but
2	sincere to a fault , but
2	to a fault , but
2	a fault , but
2	a fault ,
1	a fault
0	not very compelling or much fun
3	very compelling or much fun
3	very compelling or
3	very compelling
4	much fun
2	... Jones , despite a definitely distinctive screen presence , just is n't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts .
1	Jones , despite a definitely distinctive screen presence , just is n't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts .
2	Jones , despite a definitely distinctive screen presence , just is n't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
1	, despite a definitely distinctive screen presence , just is n't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
1	despite a definitely distinctive screen presence , just is n't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
3	despite a definitely distinctive screen presence
3	a definitely distinctive screen presence
3	definitely distinctive screen presence
3	definitely distinctive
3	screen presence
1	, just is n't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
1	just is n't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
2	is n't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
1	is n't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier
1	is n't
2	able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier
2	to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier
2	muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier
2	for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier
1	a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier
2	a movie
1	that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier
2	, its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier
1	its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier
1	its title notwithstanding
2	its title
1	, should have been a lot nastier
2	should have been a lot nastier
2	have been a lot nastier
2	been a lot nastier
2	a lot nastier
2	a lot
2	if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
3	it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
3	wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
3	to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
3	fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
3	capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
2	on its lead 's specific gifts
2	its lead 's specific gifts
2	its lead 's
2	lead 's
2	specific gifts
2	This follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 Disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric Peter .
2	This follow-up
0	seems so similar to the 1953 Disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric Peter .
1	seems so similar to the 1953 Disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric Peter
2	seems so similar to the 1953 Disney classic
3	so similar to the 1953 Disney classic
3	similar to the 1953 Disney classic
2	to the 1953 Disney classic
2	the 1953 Disney classic
2	1953 Disney classic
3	Disney classic
2	that it makes one long for a geriatric Peter
1	it makes one long for a geriatric Peter
2	makes one long for a geriatric Peter
2	makes one long
2	one long
2	for a geriatric Peter
1	a geriatric Peter
1	geriatric Peter
1	Why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free ?
2	Why , you may ask
2	Why ,
2	you may ask
2	may ask
1	, why should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free ?
1	why should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free ?
2	should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free ?
1	should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free
2	should you
1	buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free
2	buy the movie milk
2	the movie milk
2	movie milk
2	when the TV cow is free
2	the TV cow is free
2	the TV cow
2	TV cow
2	is free
1	There 's no good answer to that one .
1	's no good answer to that one .
2	's no good answer to that one
1	no good answer to that one
1	no good answer
2	good answer
2	to that one
2	that one
2	This slow-moving Swedish film offers not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party .
1	This slow-moving Swedish film
1	slow-moving Swedish film
2	Swedish film
2	offers not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party .
0	offers not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party
0	not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party
1	even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party
1	a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party
2	a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed and
1	a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed
3	a hint of joy ,
3	a hint of joy
3	a hint
2	of joy
1	preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed
1	to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed
2	focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed
2	focus on the humiliation of Martin
2	on the humiliation of Martin
2	the humiliation of Martin
2	the humiliation
2	of Martin
2	as he defecates in bed
1	he defecates in bed
2	defecates in bed
2	in bed
3	urinates on the plants at his own birthday party
2	on the plants at his own birthday party
2	the plants at his own birthday party
2	the plants
2	at his own birthday party
2	his own birthday party
2	own birthday party
2	birthday party
0	A muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .
0	A muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much
0	A muddled limp biscuit
2	muddled limp biscuit
1	limp biscuit
1	of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much
1	a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much
2	a movie ,
2	a movie
1	a vampire soap opera that does n't make much
2	a vampire soap opera
2	vampire soap opera
1	soap opera
2	that does n't make much
1	does n't make much
1	does n't
2	make much
2	sense even on its own terms .
2	sense even on its own terms
2	sense even
2	on its own terms
2	its own terms
2	own terms
1	There 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
0	's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
0	's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream
0	the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream
2	the plot , and
2	the plot ,
2	the plot
1	a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream
2	a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score
0	maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score
0	maddeningly insistent and repetitive
0	insistent and repetitive
2	insistent and
2	piano score
1	that made me want to scream
1	made me want to scream
1	me want to scream
2	want to scream
2	to scream
1	This is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .
0	is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .
1	is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action
1	is a movie so insecure about its capacity
2	is a movie so
2	a movie so
2	a movie
1	insecure about its capacity
2	about its capacity
2	its capacity
2	to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action
2	excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action
1	that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action
1	it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action
1	churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action
1	up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action
1	up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms
2	not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms
1	one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms
2	one but
1	two flagrantly fake thunderstorms
1	flagrantly fake thunderstorms
2	fake thunderstorms
2	to underscore the action
2	underscore the action
2	the action
2	This is amusing for about three minutes .
1	is amusing for about three minutes .
1	is amusing for about three minutes
1	amusing for about three minutes
2	for about three minutes
2	about three minutes
2	about three
1	Klein , charming in comedies like American Pie and dead-on in Election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .
3	Klein , charming in comedies like American Pie and dead-on in Election ,
2	Klein , charming in comedies like American Pie and dead-on in Election
2	Klein ,
3	charming in comedies like American Pie and dead-on in Election
3	charming in comedies like American Pie and
3	charming in comedies like American Pie
2	in comedies like American Pie
2	comedies like American Pie
2	like American Pie
2	American Pie
3	dead-on in Election
2	in Election
2	delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .
1	delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed
0	one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed
1	of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed
0	the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed
2	the saddest action hero performances
0	saddest action hero performances
3	action hero performances
3	hero performances
2	ever witnessed
1	It 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .
0	's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .
1	's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid ''
1	rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid ''
0	to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid ''
0	see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid ''
1	see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar ''
3	see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting ''
0	see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising ''
1	a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising ''
2	a movie
1	that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising ''
1	takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising ''
3	takes such a speedy swan dive
2	such a speedy swan dive
1	a speedy swan dive
2	speedy swan dive
2	swan dive
3	from `` promising ''
3	from `` promising
2	from ``
3	to `` interesting ''
3	`` interesting ''
3	interesting ''
2	to `` familiar ''
2	`` familiar ''
2	familiar ''
0	before landing squarely on `` stupid ''
1	landing squarely on `` stupid ''
2	landing squarely
1	on `` stupid ''
1	on `` stupid
2	on ``
0	This is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .
0	is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .
0	is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes
0	the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes
2	the sort
0	of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes
0	low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes
1	low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography ,
0	low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
0	low-grade dreck
0	that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
0	usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
0	goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
2	goes straight to video --
1	goes straight to video
1	straight to video
3	to video
0	with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
1	a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
0	a lousy script ,
0	a lousy script
1	lousy script
0	inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
1	inept direction ,
2	inept direction
0	pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
1	acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
0	, poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
1	poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
0	poorly dubbed
1	dialogue and murky cinematography
1	and murky cinematography
1	murky cinematography
2	complete with visible boom mikes
2	with visible boom mikes
2	visible boom mikes
3	boom mikes
1	The direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why .
1	The direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why
2	The direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but
2	The direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence ,
1	The direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence
2	The direction
2	occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence
2	rises to the level of marginal competence
2	to the level of marginal competence
1	the level of marginal competence
2	the level
2	of marginal competence
2	marginal competence
1	for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why
2	for most of the film
2	most of the film
2	of the film
2	the film
1	it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why
1	is hard to tell who is chasing who or why
2	hard to tell who is chasing who or why
2	to tell who is chasing who or why
2	tell who is chasing who or why
2	who is chasing who or why
1	who is chasing who or
3	who is chasing who
2	is chasing who
3	chasing who
1	There are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending .
2	are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending .
2	are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending
0	few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending
1	few things more frustrating to a film buff
0	few things more frustrating
2	few things
1	more frustrating
2	to a film buff
2	a film buff
2	film buff
0	than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending
1	seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending
1	an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending
2	an otherwise good movie
3	otherwise good movie
3	otherwise good
0	marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending
0	marred beyond redemption
1	beyond redemption
1	by a disastrous ending
0	a disastrous ending
1	disastrous ending
2	It wo n't harm anyone , but neither can I think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it .
1	It wo n't harm anyone , but neither can I think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it
1	It wo n't harm anyone , but
2	It wo n't harm anyone ,
2	It wo n't harm anyone
2	wo n't harm anyone
2	wo n't
2	harm anyone
0	neither can I think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it
3	can I think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it
2	can I
3	think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it
2	think of a very good reason
2	of a very good reason
2	a very good reason
2	very good reason
3	very good
3	to rush right out and see it
4	rush right out and see it
3	rush right out and
2	rush right out
2	right out
3	see it
1	After all , it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
2	After all
1	, it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
2	it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
1	it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
2	it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas , and
0	it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas ,
1	it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas
2	'll probably be in video stores by Christmas
2	'll probably
1	be in video stores by Christmas
2	be in video stores
2	in video stores
2	video stores
2	by Christmas
1	it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
1	might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
2	might just
1	be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
1	better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
1	suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
1	to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
2	a night in the living room than a night at the movies
2	a night
2	in the living room than a night at the movies
2	the living room than a night at the movies
2	the living room
2	living room
2	than a night at the movies
2	a night at the movies
2	a night
2	at the movies
2	the movies
0	Looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .
1	Looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes
0	more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes
1	more like a travel-agency video
1	like a travel-agency video
2	a travel-agency video
2	travel-agency video
2	targeted at people who like to ride bikes
2	at people who like to ride bikes
2	people who like to ride bikes
2	who like to ride bikes
3	like to ride bikes
2	to ride bikes
2	ride bikes
1	topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .
1	topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights
2	topless and roll
2	topless and
2	in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights
2	the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights
2	the mud
2	than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights
3	a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights
3	a worthwhile glimpse
4	worthwhile glimpse
2	of independent-community guiding lights
3	independent-community guiding lights
3	guiding lights
0	Given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
1	Given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece
2	Given too much time
1	too much time
1	too much
1	to consider the looseness of the piece
2	consider the looseness of the piece
1	the looseness of the piece
2	the looseness
2	of the piece
2	the piece
0	, the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
1	the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
2	the picture
0	begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
0	begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is
1	begins to resemble the shapeless ,
2	begins to resemble the shapeless
2	to resemble the shapeless
1	resemble the shapeless
2	the shapeless
1	grasping actors ' workshop that it is
2	grasping actors ' workshop
2	actors ' workshop
2	actors '
2	that it is
3	it is
1	They kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book .
2	kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book .
1	kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book
2	kept much of the plot but
3	kept much of the plot
2	much of the plot
2	of the plot
2	the plot
2	jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book
2	the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book
2	the stuff
3	that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book
3	would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book
3	make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book
3	this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book
4	a moving experience for people who have n't read the book
4	a moving experience
4	moving experience
2	for people who have n't read the book
2	people who have n't read the book
2	who have n't read the book
2	have n't read the book
2	have n't
2	read the book
2	the book
1	Just because A Walk to Remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls .
3	Just because A Walk to Remember
2	because A Walk to Remember
2	A Walk to Remember
3	Walk to Remember
2	to Remember
1	is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls .
1	is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
1	shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
1	shrewd enough
1	to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
2	activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
1	girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
1	tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
1	ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
1	does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
1	does n't
3	mean it 's good enough for our girls
3	it 's good enough for our girls
2	it 's good enough
2	it 's
3	good enough
2	for our girls
2	our girls
0	-LRB- Carvey 's -RRB- characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark .
1	-LRB- Carvey 's -RRB- characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark
2	-LRB- Carvey 's -RRB- characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but
2	-LRB- Carvey 's -RRB- characters are both overplayed and exaggerated ,
1	-LRB- Carvey 's -RRB- characters are both overplayed and exaggerated
1	Carvey 's -RRB- characters are both overplayed and exaggerated
2	Carvey 's
0	-RRB- characters are both overplayed and exaggerated
1	characters are both overplayed and exaggerated
1	are both overplayed and exaggerated
0	both overplayed and exaggerated
0	overplayed and exaggerated
2	overplayed and
1	then again , subtlety has never been his trademark
2	then again
1	, subtlety has never been his trademark
1	subtlety has never been his trademark
2	has never been his trademark
1	has never
2	been his trademark
2	his trademark
1	It 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through .
1	It 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through
3	It 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here , but
3	It 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here ,
2	It 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here
3	's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here
3	's mildly interesting
3	mildly interesting
2	to ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here
3	ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here
2	the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here
3	the peculiar American style of justice
2	the peculiar American style
2	peculiar American style
2	American style
3	of justice
2	that plays out here
2	plays out here
2	plays out
2	it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through
1	's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through
0	so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through
1	muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through
1	muddled and derivative
1	muddled and
1	that few will bother thinking it all through
2	few will bother thinking it all through
2	will bother thinking it all through
1	bother thinking it all through
2	thinking it all through
2	thinking it
2	all through
1	This dreadfully earnest inversion of the Concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .
2	This dreadfully earnest inversion of the Concubine love triangle
2	This dreadfully earnest inversion
1	dreadfully earnest inversion
2	earnest inversion
2	of the Concubine love triangle
2	the Concubine love triangle
2	Concubine love triangle
2	love triangle
2	eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .
0	eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension
2	eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos
2	the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos
2	the previous film 's
2	previous film 's
2	film 's
2	historical panorama and roiling pathos
2	panorama and roiling pathos
2	and roiling pathos
2	roiling pathos
1	for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension
1	bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension
2	bug-eyed mugging and
1	bug-eyed mugging
1	gay-niche condescension
2	Brown 's saga , like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie .
2	Brown 's saga
2	Brown 's
1	, like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie .
1	like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie .
2	like many before his
3	many before his
2	before his
2	, makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie .
1	makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie .
1	makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie
2	for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie
1	snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie
2	snappy prose
1	but a stumblebum of a movie
2	a stumblebum of a movie
0	a stumblebum
2	of a movie
2	a movie
2	The boys ' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on Guei , wears down the story 's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements .
2	The boys ' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on Guei ,
2	The boys ' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on Guei
3	The boys ' sparring ,
2	The boys ' sparring
2	The boys '
2	boys '
2	like the succession of blows dumped on Guei
2	the succession of blows dumped on Guei
2	the succession
2	of blows dumped on Guei
2	blows dumped on Guei
2	dumped on Guei
2	on Guei
2	wears down the story 's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements .
1	wears down the story 's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements
3	down the story 's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements
3	the story 's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements
2	the story 's
2	story 's
3	more cerebral , and likable , plot elements
4	more cerebral , and likable ,
3	more cerebral , and likable
3	more cerebral , and
3	more cerebral ,
2	more cerebral
2	plot elements
1	The script by Vincent R. Nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .
2	The script by Vincent R. Nebrida
2	The script
2	by Vincent R. Nebrida
2	Vincent R. Nebrida
2	R. Nebrida
1	... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .
1	tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .
1	tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot
1	to cram too many ingredients into one small pot
1	cram too many ingredients into one small pot
1	cram too many ingredients
2	too many ingredients
1	too many
2	into one small pot
2	one small pot
2	small pot
2	The story is so light and sugary that were it a Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade balloon , extra heavy-duty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away .
2	The story is so light and sugary that were it a Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade balloon
2	The story
2	is so light and sugary that were it a Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade balloon
2	so light and sugary that were it a Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade balloon
1	light and sugary that were it a Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade balloon
3	light and sugary
2	light and
2	that were it a Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade balloon
2	were it a Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade balloon
2	it a Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade balloon
2	a Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade balloon
2	a Macy 's
2	Macy 's
2	Thanksgiving Day Parade balloon
2	Day Parade balloon
2	Parade balloon
1	, extra heavy-duty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away .
2	extra heavy-duty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away .
2	extra heavy-duty ropes
2	heavy-duty ropes
2	would be needed to keep it from floating away .
2	would be needed to keep it from floating away
2	be needed to keep it from floating away
1	needed to keep it from floating away
2	to keep it from floating away
2	keep it from floating away
2	keep it
2	from floating away
2	floating away
0	Oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .
2	Oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between
2	Oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and
2	Oedekerk mugs mercilessly ,
2	Oedekerk mugs mercilessly
1	mugs mercilessly
1	the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between
3	the genuinely funny jokes
3	genuinely funny jokes
3	genuinely funny
2	are few and far between
2	are few
2	and far between
2	far between
1	Since Dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
1	Since Dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer
1	Dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer
1	Dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick
2	Dahmer resorts
2	to standard slasher flick
1	standard slasher flick
2	slasher flick
1	thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer
2	when it should be most in the mind of the killer
2	it should be most in the mind of the killer
2	should be most in the mind of the killer
3	be most in the mind of the killer
2	most in the mind of the killer
3	in the mind of the killer
2	the mind of the killer
2	the mind
2	of the killer
2	the killer
0	, it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
1	it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
1	misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
1	misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche
3	a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche
3	major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche
3	opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche
2	to be truly revelatory about his psyche
2	be truly revelatory about his psyche
3	truly revelatory about his psyche
3	revelatory about his psyche
2	about his psyche
2	his psyche
2	Only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate .
2	Only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms
1	Only those most addicted to film violence
2	those most addicted to film violence
2	most addicted to film violence
3	most addicted to film
2	most addicted
2	to film
2	in all its forms
2	all its forms
2	its forms
2	will find anything here to appreciate .
2	will find anything here to appreciate
2	find anything here to appreciate
2	find anything here
2	find anything
2	to appreciate
2	Cold and scattered , Minority Report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals .
2	Cold and scattered
2	Cold and
4	, Minority Report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals .
3	Minority Report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals .
2	Minority Report
3	commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals .
4	commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals
3	interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals
2	almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals
3	solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals
4	as an exercise in gorgeous visuals
4	an exercise in gorgeous visuals
2	an exercise
4	in gorgeous visuals
4	gorgeous visuals
2	That 's not vintage Spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying .
3	That 's not vintage Spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying
1	That 's not vintage Spielberg and
1	That 's not vintage Spielberg
1	's not vintage Spielberg
2	's not
3	vintage Spielberg
2	that , finally , is minimally satisfying
2	, finally , is minimally satisfying
3	finally , is minimally satisfying
2	, is minimally satisfying
2	is minimally satisfying
1	minimally satisfying
0	Every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
2	Every now and again
2	now and again
2	now and
0	, a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
0	a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
2	a movie
0	comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
0	comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be
2	comes along
0	to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be
0	remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be
3	remind us
0	of how very bad a motion picture can truly be
0	how very bad a motion picture can truly be
0	how very bad
2	very bad
2	a motion picture can truly be
2	a motion picture
2	motion picture
3	can truly be
2	can truly
2	Frank McKlusky C.I. is that movie !
2	Frank McKlusky C.I.
2	McKlusky C.I.
2	is that movie !
2	is that movie
2	that movie
2	It 's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller .
2	's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller .
2	's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller
2	's not
3	difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller
2	to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller
1	spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller
3	spot the culprit early-on
2	the culprit early-on
2	culprit early-on
1	in this predictable thriller
2	this predictable thriller
1	predictable thriller
2	... a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that 's likely to irk viewers .
0	a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that 's likely to irk viewers .
1	a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that 's likely to irk viewers
1	a mostly boring affair
1	mostly boring affair
1	mostly boring
1	with a confusing sudden finale that 's likely to irk viewers
2	a confusing sudden finale that 's likely to irk viewers
1	a confusing sudden finale
2	confusing sudden finale
2	sudden finale
1	that 's likely to irk viewers
1	's likely to irk viewers
2	likely to irk viewers
2	to irk viewers
1	irk viewers
1	The trappings of I Spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .
2	The trappings of I Spy
2	The trappings
2	of I Spy
2	I Spy
2	are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .
1	are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun
1	so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun
1	familiar you might as well be watching a rerun
0	you might as well be watching a rerun
0	might as well be watching a rerun
2	might as well
2	as well
2	be watching a rerun
1	watching a rerun
1	a rerun
1	What starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film .
2	What starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery
3	starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery
2	starts off
3	as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery
4	a potentially incredibly twisting mystery
3	potentially incredibly twisting mystery
3	potentially incredibly
2	twisting mystery
2	becomes simply a monster chase film .
1	becomes simply a monster chase film
2	becomes simply
2	a monster chase film
2	monster chase film
2	chase film
1	In the wake of Saving Private Ryan , Black Hawk Down and We Were Soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine .
2	In the wake of Saving Private Ryan , Black Hawk Down and We Were Soldiers
2	In the wake of Saving Private Ryan
3	the wake of Saving Private Ryan
2	the wake
2	of Saving Private Ryan
2	Saving Private Ryan
2	Private Ryan
2	, Black Hawk Down and We Were Soldiers
3	Black Hawk Down and We Were Soldiers
3	Black Hawk Down and We
2	Black Hawk Down and
2	Black Hawk Down
2	Hawk Down
2	Were Soldiers
1	, you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine .
1	you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine .
2	are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine .
1	are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine
2	likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine
1	to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine
2	be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine
2	be as heartily sick of mayhem
2	as heartily sick of mayhem
2	as heartily sick
1	heartily sick
2	of mayhem
2	as Cage 's war-weary marine
2	Cage 's war-weary marine
2	Cage 's
1	war-weary marine
0	It is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .
0	is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .
0	is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd
1	messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd
0	, uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd
0	uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd
1	, incomprehensible , vicious and absurd
2	incomprehensible , vicious and absurd
1	, vicious and absurd
0	vicious and absurd
1	vicious and
1	Really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .
1	does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .
2	does feel like a short stretched out to feature length
1	feel like a short stretched out to feature length
2	like a short stretched out to feature length
2	a short stretched out to feature length
2	a short
1	stretched out to feature length
2	stretched out
2	to feature length
2	feature length
0	Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .
1	Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire
1	Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ...
1	Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script
2	Hampered -- no , paralyzed --
2	-- no , paralyzed --
2	no , paralyzed --
1	no , paralyzed
1	, paralyzed
1	by a self-indulgent script
0	a self-indulgent script
2	self-indulgent script
1	that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire
1	aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire
2	aims for poetry and
2	aims for poetry
2	for poetry
1	ends up sounding like satire
2	ends up
2	sounding like satire
2	like satire
1	Cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace .
0	Cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace
1	Cheap ,
0	vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace
1	vulgar dialogue and
1	vulgar dialogue
0	a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace
2	a plot
1	that crawls along at a snail 's pace
1	crawls along at a snail 's pace
1	crawls along
3	at a snail 's pace
0	a snail 's pace
2	a snail 's
2	snail 's
1	And if you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .
1	if you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .
1	if you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade
2	you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade
2	appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade
2	appreciate the one-sided theme
1	the one-sided theme
1	one-sided theme
1	to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade
1	Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade
2	Lawrence 's
1	over-indulgent tirade
1	, then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .
0	then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .
1	knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .
2	knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest
2	knock yourself out and
2	knock yourself out
2	knock yourself
1	enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest
1	the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest
2	the big screen postcard
2	big screen postcard
2	screen postcard
2	that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest
2	is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest
2	a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest
2	self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest
2	Martin Lawrence lovefest
2	Lawrence lovefest
1	If you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !
2	If you are willing to do this
2	you are willing to do this
2	are willing to do this
2	willing to do this
2	to do this
2	do this
2	, then you so crazy !
2	then you so crazy !
2	you so crazy !
3	so crazy !
2	crazy !
1	Directed without the expected flair or imagination by Hong Kong master John Woo , Windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
2	Directed without the expected flair or imagination by Hong Kong master John Woo
1	Directed without the expected flair or imagination
2	without the expected flair or imagination
2	the expected flair or imagination
2	the expected flair or
2	the expected flair
3	expected flair
2	by Hong Kong master John Woo
3	Hong Kong master John Woo
1	Kong master John Woo
2	master John Woo
2	John Woo
0	, Windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
1	Windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
1	airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
1	airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
2	airs just
1	about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
1	every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
1	every cliche
2	in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
1	the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
3	the war movie compendium
2	war movie compendium
2	movie compendium
3	across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
1	its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
1	indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
2	two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
3	It 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .
4	's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .
4	's a very tasteful rock and roll movie
4	a very tasteful rock and roll movie
3	a very tasteful rock and
2	a very tasteful rock
3	very tasteful rock
3	very tasteful
2	roll movie
2	You could put it on a coffee table anywhere .
3	could put it on a coffee table anywhere .
2	could put it on a coffee table anywhere
2	put it on a coffee table anywhere
3	put it on a coffee table
2	put it
2	on a coffee table
2	a coffee table
2	coffee table
1	The movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story , Minac drains his movie of all individuality .
1	The movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story , Minac drains his movie of all individuality
2	The movie is loaded with good intentions , but
2	The movie is loaded with good intentions ,
3	The movie is loaded with good intentions
2	The movie
3	is loaded with good intentions
3	loaded with good intentions
3	with good intentions
3	good intentions
0	in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story , Minac drains his movie of all individuality
2	in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story
2	his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story
2	zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story
3	to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story
0	squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story
3	squeeze the action and our emotions
2	the action and our emotions
3	the action and
2	the action
3	our emotions
2	into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story
1	the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story
1	the all-too-familiar dramatic arc
2	all-too-familiar dramatic arc
3	dramatic arc
2	of the Holocaust escape story
3	the Holocaust escape story
3	Holocaust escape story
3	escape story
2	, Minac drains his movie of all individuality
0	Minac drains his movie of all individuality
1	drains his movie of all individuality
2	his movie of all individuality
2	his movie
2	of all individuality
2	all individuality
0	An infuriating film .
0	infuriating film .
2	film .
1	Just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense .
2	Just when you think you are making sense of it
2	when you think you are making sense of it
2	you think you are making sense of it
2	think you are making sense of it
2	you are making sense of it
2	are making sense of it
2	making sense of it
2	sense of it
2	of it
2	, something happens that tells you there is no sense .
2	something happens that tells you there is no sense .
1	happens that tells you there is no sense .
1	happens that tells you there is no sense
2	that tells you there is no sense
2	tells you there is no sense
1	you there is no sense
1	there is no sense
2	is no sense
2	no sense
0	The entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
2	The entire movie
2	entire movie
0	is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
0	is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory
0	so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory
1	formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory
0	formulaic and forgettable
2	formulaic and
1	that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory
0	it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory
0	's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory
2	's hardly over
2	hardly over
1	before it begins to fade from memory
1	it begins to fade from memory
1	begins to fade from memory
2	to fade from memory
1	fade from memory
2	from memory
1	The setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .
2	The setting
3	turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .
3	turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions
2	turns out
2	to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions
2	be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions
2	more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions
3	interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions
2	than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions
1	any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions
1	of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions
0	the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions
2	the character dramas ,
2	the character dramas
2	character dramas
1	which never reach satisfying conclusions
1	never reach satisfying conclusions
3	reach satisfying conclusions
3	satisfying conclusions
1	As an entertainment destination for the general public , Kung Pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .
3	As an entertainment destination for the general public
4	an entertainment destination for the general public
3	an entertainment destination
2	entertainment destination
2	for the general public
2	the general public
2	general public
1	, Kung Pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .
0	Kung Pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .
2	Kung Pow
0	sets a new benchmark for lameness .
1	sets a new benchmark for lameness
0	a new benchmark for lameness
2	a new benchmark
3	new benchmark
1	for lameness
1	This misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand .
3	This misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine ,
3	This misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine
3	This misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece ,
3	This misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece
3	misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece
2	Southern nostalgia piece
2	nostalgia piece
1	in treading the line between sappy and sanguine
2	treading the line between sappy and sanguine
3	the line between sappy and sanguine
2	the line
2	between sappy and sanguine
2	sappy and sanguine
2	sappy and
0	winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand .
2	winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand
2	winds up
1	mired in tear-drenched quicksand
2	in tear-drenched quicksand
1	tear-drenched quicksand
0	As pure over-the-top trash , any John Waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
1	As pure over-the-top trash
0	pure over-the-top trash
1	over-the-top trash
1	, any John Waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
1	any John Waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
2	any John Waters movie
2	John Waters movie
2	Waters movie
2	has it beat by a country mile .
1	has it beat by a country mile
2	it beat by a country mile
2	beat by a country mile
2	by a country mile
2	a country mile
2	country mile
0	Wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .
1	Wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time
2	Wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but
2	Wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd ,
1	Wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd
2	wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd
3	to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd
2	be a monster movie for the art-house crowd
2	a monster movie for the art-house crowd
3	a monster movie
2	monster movie
3	for the art-house crowd
2	the art-house crowd
2	art-house crowd
3	it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time
1	falls into the trap of pretention almost every time
1	falls into the trap of pretention
1	into the trap of pretention
2	the trap of pretention
2	the trap
2	of pretention
2	almost every time
2	every time
3	Bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .
3	offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .
3	offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable
3	offers some flashy twists and
3	offers some flashy twists
3	some flashy twists
3	flashy twists
2	turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable
2	turns that occasionally
3	turns that
1	fortify this turgid fable
1	this turgid fable
1	turgid fable
1	But for the most part , The Weight of Water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
0	for the most part , The Weight of Water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
2	for the most part
2	the most part
2	most part
1	, The Weight of Water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
0	The Weight of Water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
2	The Weight of Water
2	The Weight
2	of Water
1	comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
0	comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
2	comes off
1	as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
0	a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
2	a two-way time-switching myopic mystery
2	two-way time-switching myopic mystery
2	time-switching myopic mystery
2	myopic mystery
0	that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
1	stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
0	in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
0	its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
1	its lackluster gear
2	lackluster gear
1	of emotional blandness
1	emotional blandness
1	This film biggest problem ?
1	This film biggest problem
2	This film
2	biggest problem
1	No laughs .
2	laughs .
2	Less-than-compelling documentary of a Yiddish theater clan .
1	Less-than-compelling documentary of a Yiddish theater clan
1	Less-than-compelling documentary
2	of a Yiddish theater clan
2	a Yiddish theater clan
2	Yiddish theater clan
2	theater clan
2	That the Chuck Norris `` grenade gag '' occurs about 7 times during Windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is .
2	That the Chuck Norris `` grenade gag ''
2	the Chuck Norris `` grenade gag ''
2	Chuck Norris `` grenade gag ''
2	Norris `` grenade gag ''
2	`` grenade gag ''
2	grenade gag ''
2	gag ''
2	occurs about 7 times during Windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is .
3	occurs about 7 times during Windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is
2	about 7 times during Windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is
2	about 7 times during Windtalkers
2	about 7 times
2	7 times
2	during Windtalkers
3	is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is
3	a good indication of how serious-minded the film is
3	a good indication
3	good indication
2	of how serious-minded the film is
3	how serious-minded the film is
2	serious-minded the film is
3	serious-minded the film
2	the film
1	Viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for Holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout .
1	Viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for Holm 's performance
2	are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for Holm 's performance
2	asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for Holm 's performance
2	asked so often
2	so often
2	to suspend belief that were it not for Holm 's performance
2	suspend belief that were it not for Holm 's performance
2	belief that were it not for Holm 's performance
2	that were it not for Holm 's performance
2	were it not for Holm 's performance
2	were it
2	not for Holm 's performance
2	for Holm 's performance
2	Holm 's performance
2	Holm 's
1	, the film would be a total washout .
0	the film would be a total washout .
2	the film
1	would be a total washout .
1	would be a total washout
1	be a total washout
1	a total washout
2	total washout
2	It 's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video , it 's well worth a rental .
2	It 's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video
3	's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video
1	's not exactly worth
2	's not
2	exactly worth
2	the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video
2	the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but
2	the bucks to expend the full price for a date ,
2	the bucks to expend the full price for a date
3	the bucks
2	to expend the full price for a date
2	expend the full price for a date
3	the full price for a date
2	the full price
3	full price
2	for a date
3	a date
2	when it comes out on video
2	it comes out on video
3	comes out on video
2	comes out
2	on video
2	, it 's well worth a rental .
3	it 's well worth a rental .
3	's well worth a rental .
3	's well worth a rental
3	's well
3	worth a rental
2	a rental
0	I ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...
0	ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...
0	ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents
2	ca n't
0	begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents
1	to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents
0	tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents
1	tell you how tedious ,
1	tell you how tedious
3	tell you
1	how tedious
2	how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents
0	how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and
1	how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is ,
1	how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is
0	resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is
1	resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this
0	resolutely unamusing ,
1	resolutely unamusing
0	how thoroughly unrewarding all of this
0	thoroughly unrewarding all of this
1	unrewarding all of this
2	all of this
2	of this
1	what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents
1	what a reckless squandering of four fine
1	what a reckless squandering
1	what a reckless
2	what a
3	of four fine
2	four fine
2	acting talents
3	Everybody loves a David and Goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from David 's point of view .
3	Everybody loves a David and Goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from David 's point of view
2	Everybody loves a David and Goliath story , and
3	Everybody loves a David and Goliath story ,
4	Everybody loves a David and Goliath story
3	loves a David and Goliath story
2	a David and Goliath story
2	David and Goliath story
3	David and
2	Goliath story
2	this one is told almost entirely from David 's point of view
2	this one
2	is told almost entirely from David 's point of view
2	told almost entirely from David 's point of view
2	told almost entirely
2	almost entirely
1	from David 's point of view
2	David 's point of view
2	David 's point
2	David 's
2	of view
1	Throw Smoochy from the train !
2	Throw Smoochy from the train
2	Throw Smoochy
2	from the train
2	the train
0	Eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .
2	, they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .
1	they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .
1	they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot
1	they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and
1	they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas
3	they will have a showdown , but ,
2	they will have a showdown , but
2	they will have a showdown ,
3	they will have a showdown
3	will have a showdown
2	have a showdown
3	a showdown
3	by then , your senses are as mushy as peas
3	by then
1	, your senses are as mushy as peas
1	your senses are as mushy as peas
2	your senses
1	are as mushy as peas
1	as mushy as peas
1	mushy as peas
2	as peas
1	you do n't care who fires the winning shot
2	do n't care who fires the winning shot
2	do n't
2	care who fires the winning shot
2	who fires the winning shot
3	fires the winning shot
2	the winning shot
4	winning shot
0	Irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .
2	Irwin and his director
2	Irwin and
2	his director
2	never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .
1	never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free
1	come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free
2	come up
1	with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free
2	an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free
2	an adequate reason
2	adequate reason
2	why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free
2	we should pay money for what we can get on television for free
1	should pay money for what we can get on television for free
1	pay money for what we can get on television for free
2	pay money
1	for what we can get on television for free
2	what we can get on television for free
2	we can get on television for free
1	can get on television for free
2	get on television for free
3	get on television
2	on television
2	for free
1	A light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .
2	A light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation
2	A light ,
2	A light
2	engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation
3	engaging comedy
1	that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation
1	fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation
1	fumbles away
1	almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation
2	almost all
2	of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation
2	its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation
3	its accumulated enjoyment
3	accumulated enjoyment
2	with a crucial third act miscalculation
1	a crucial third act miscalculation
2	crucial third act miscalculation
1	third act miscalculation
2	act miscalculation
3	Cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .
1	somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .
3	defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .
2	defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle
2	defuses this provocative theme
2	this provocative theme
2	provocative theme
2	by submerging it in a hoary love triangle
2	submerging it in a hoary love triangle
2	submerging it
2	in a hoary love triangle
2	a hoary love triangle
2	hoary love triangle
2	love triangle
0	To paraphrase a line from another Dickens ' novel , Nicholas Nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
3	To paraphrase a line from another Dickens ' novel
3	paraphrase a line from another Dickens ' novel
2	paraphrase a line
2	a line
2	from another Dickens ' novel
2	another Dickens ' novel
2	another Dickens '
2	Dickens '
1	, Nicholas Nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
1	Nicholas Nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
2	Nicholas Nickleby
1	is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
1	is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato
0	too much like a fragment of an underdone potato
1	much like a fragment of an underdone potato
0	like a fragment of an underdone potato
1	a fragment of an underdone potato
2	a fragment
1	of an underdone potato
1	an underdone potato
1	underdone potato
2	The actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly , but viewers do n't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types .
2	The actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly , but viewers do n't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types
2	The actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly , but
3	The actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly ,
3	The actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly
2	The actresses
3	may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly
3	have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly
2	worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly
2	worked up a back story for the women
2	worked up
2	a back story for the women
2	a back story
2	back story
2	for the women
2	the women
4	they portray so convincingly
3	portray so convincingly
3	so convincingly
2	viewers do n't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types
1	do n't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types
2	do n't
3	get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types
2	get enough of that background for the characters
2	enough of that background for the characters
2	of that background for the characters
2	that background for the characters
2	that background
2	for the characters
2	the characters
3	to be involving as individuals rather than types
2	be involving as individuals rather than types
2	involving as individuals rather than types
2	as individuals rather than types
2	individuals rather than types
2	individuals rather than
2	rather than
0	The result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood .
1	The result , however well-intentioned ,
2	The result , however well-intentioned
2	The result ,
2	The result
2	however well-intentioned
2	is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood .
1	is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood
2	is ironically
1	just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood
2	just the sort
2	the sort
2	of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood
0	disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood
1	disposable , kitchen-sink homage
2	, kitchen-sink homage
1	kitchen-sink homage
1	that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood
1	illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood
1	why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood
2	the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood
2	the whole
0	is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood
1	is so often less
2	so often less
2	often less
2	than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood
3	the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood
3	the sum
2	of its parts in today 's Hollywood
2	its parts in today 's Hollywood
2	its parts
2	in today 's Hollywood
2	today 's Hollywood
2	today 's
0	An extremely unpleasant film .
0	An extremely unpleasant film
0	extremely unpleasant film
0	extremely unpleasant
3	A movie just for Friday fans , critics be damned .
2	A movie just for Friday fans
2	A movie just
2	A movie
2	for Friday fans
2	Friday fans
2	, critics be damned .
3	critics be damned .
2	be damned .
2	be damned
2	If you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again .
2	If you already like this sort of thing
2	you already like this sort of thing
2	already like this sort of thing
2	like this sort of thing
2	this sort of thing
2	this sort
2	of thing
2	, this is that sort of thing all over again .
1	this is that sort of thing all over again .
2	is that sort of thing all over again .
1	is that sort of thing all over again
2	is that sort of thing
2	that sort of thing
2	that sort
2	of thing
2	all over again
2	over again
2	A sincere but dramatically conflicted gay coming-of-age tale .
3	A sincere
2	but dramatically conflicted gay coming-of-age tale .
2	but dramatically
2	conflicted gay coming-of-age tale .
2	conflicted gay coming-of-age tale
3	gay coming-of-age tale
2	coming-of-age tale
2	Wait for it to hit cable .
2	Wait for it to hit cable
2	for it to hit cable
2	it to hit cable
3	to hit cable
2	hit cable
2	Ultimately feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies .
2	feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies .
1	feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies
1	feels like just one more in the long line of films
3	feels like just one more
2	like just one more
2	just one more
2	just one
2	in the long line of films
2	the long line of films
2	the long line
2	long line
2	of films
2	this year about the business of making movies
2	this year
2	about the business of making movies
2	the business of making movies
2	the business
2	of making movies
2	making movies
1	Nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .
1	Nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives
1	Nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time ,
0	Nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time
0	but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time
0	one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time
1	one relentlessly depressing situation
2	relentlessly depressing situation
0	relentlessly depressing
2	after another for its entire running time
2	another for its entire running time
2	for its entire running time
2	its entire running time
2	entire running time
2	running time
2	something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives
2	that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives
2	you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives
3	could easily be dealing with right now in your lives
2	could easily
2	be dealing with right now in your lives
2	dealing with right now in your lives
2	dealing with right now
2	dealing with right
2	with right
2	in your lives
2	your lives
1	77 minutes of Pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does .
2	77 minutes of Pokemon may not last 4ever
1	77 minutes of Pokemon
2	77 minutes
2	of Pokemon
2	may not last 4ever
1	may not
2	last 4ever
2	, it just seems like it does .
2	it just seems like it does .
2	just seems like it does .
2	seems like it does .
2	seems like it does
2	like it does
2	it does
0	My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it .
0	My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it
1	My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and
2	My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie
2	My only wish
2	only wish
1	is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie
1	that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie
2	Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie
1	could take me back to a time before I saw this movie
1	take me back to a time before I saw this movie
3	take me back to a time
2	take me
2	back to a time
2	to a time
2	a time
2	before I saw this movie
2	I saw this movie
2	saw this movie
2	this movie
0	I could just skip it
2	could just skip it
2	could just
0	skip it
1	The one not-so-small problem with Expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .
1	The one not-so-small problem with Expecting
2	The one not-so-small problem
1	one not-so-small problem
1	not-so-small problem
2	with Expecting
2	is that the entire exercise has no real point .
1	is that the entire exercise has no real point
1	that the entire exercise has no real point
1	the entire exercise has no real point
2	the entire exercise
2	entire exercise
0	has no real point
1	no real point
2	real point
1	A movie you observe , rather than one you enter into .
2	A movie you observe
2	A movie
2	you observe
2	, rather than one you enter into .
2	rather than one you enter into .
2	rather than one
2	than one
2	you enter into .
2	enter into .
2	enter into
3	-LRB- At least -RRB- Moore is a real charmer .
2	-LRB- At least -RRB- Moore
2	-LRB- At least -RRB-
2	At least -RRB-
2	At least
3	is a real charmer .
3	is a real charmer
4	a real charmer
2	real charmer
2	John Carlen 's script is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling .
3	John Carlen 's script
2	John Carlen 's
2	Carlen 's
0	is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling .
0	is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling
1	is full of unhappy ,
1	is full of unhappy
1	full of unhappy
1	of unhappy
1	two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling
1	two-dimensional characters
2	who are anything but compelling
1	are anything but compelling
1	anything but compelling
2	anything but
2	LaBute ca n't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era : He 's changed the male academic from a lower-class Brit to an American , a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .
1	LaBute ca n't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era : He 's changed the male academic from a lower-class Brit to an American , a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film
1	LaBute ca n't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era :
0	LaBute ca n't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era
2	ca n't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era
2	ca n't
2	avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era
2	avoid a fatal mistake
1	a fatal mistake
1	fatal mistake
2	in the modern era
2	the modern era
2	modern era
1	He 's changed the male academic from a lower-class Brit to an American , a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film
1	's changed the male academic from a lower-class Brit to an American , a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film
1	changed the male academic from a lower-class Brit to an American , a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film
2	changed the male academic from a lower-class Brit
2	changed the male academic
2	the male academic
2	male academic
2	from a lower-class Brit
2	a lower-class Brit
2	lower-class Brit
2	to an American , a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film
1	an American , a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film
3	an American ,
3	an American
1	a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film
2	a choice
1	that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film
2	upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film
1	upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and
2	upsets the novel 's exquisite balance
2	the novel 's exquisite balance
2	the novel 's
2	novel 's
3	exquisite balance
1	shreds the fabric of the film
3	the fabric of the film
2	the fabric
2	of the film
2	the film
0	The notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced Prozac Nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .
2	The notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced Prozac Nation ,
1	The notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced Prozac Nation
2	The notion of deleting emotion from people ,
1	The notion of deleting emotion from people
2	The notion
2	of deleting emotion from people
2	deleting emotion from people
2	deleting emotion
2	from people
2	even in an advanced Prozac Nation
2	in an advanced Prozac Nation
2	an advanced Prozac Nation
2	advanced Prozac Nation
1	Prozac Nation
1	is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .
0	is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus
1	is so insanely dysfunctional
1	so insanely dysfunctional
1	insanely dysfunctional
1	that the rampantly designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus
1	the rampantly designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus
2	the rampantly
0	designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus
1	Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus
2	becomes a concept doofus
1	a concept doofus
1	concept doofus
1	Stale first act , Scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes .
2	Stale first act , Scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes
2	Stale first act , Scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish ,
3	Stale first act , Scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish
1	Stale first act , Scrooge story , blatant product placement ,
0	Stale first act , Scrooge story , blatant product placement
1	Stale first act , Scrooge story ,
1	Stale first act , Scrooge story
2	Stale first act ,
2	Stale first act
2	first act
2	Scrooge story
1	blatant product placement
2	product placement
4	some very good comedic songs , strong finish
3	some very good comedic songs ,
3	some very good comedic songs
3	very good comedic songs
3	very good
2	comedic songs
3	strong finish
1	dumb fart jokes
1	dumb fart
1	Unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .
0	, the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .
0	the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .
3	the way this all works out
2	the way
4	this all works out
3	all works out
3	works out
2	makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .
1	makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes
1	the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes
2	the women
1	look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes
2	look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead
1	more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead
3	like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead
1	like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers ,
2	like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers
2	stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers
2	stereotypical caretakers and
1	stereotypical caretakers
2	moral teachers
2	of serious athletes
2	serious athletes
1	A film that loses sight of its own story .
0	film that loses sight of its own story .
1	film that loses sight of its own story
1	that loses sight of its own story
0	loses sight of its own story
2	sight of its own story
2	of its own story
2	its own story
2	own story
0	Adam Sandler 's Eight Crazy Nights grows on you -- like a rash .
2	Adam Sandler 's Eight Crazy Nights
2	Adam Sandler 's
2	Sandler 's
2	Eight Crazy Nights
2	Crazy Nights
0	grows on you -- like a rash .
1	grows on you -- like a rash
3	grows on you --
3	grows on you
2	on you
1	like a rash
2	a rash
0	The big-screen Scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .
3	The big-screen Scooby
2	big-screen Scooby
1	makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .
3	makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison
2	the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison
2	the silly original cartoon
2	silly original cartoon
3	original cartoon
3	seem smart and well-crafted in comparison
3	seem smart and well-crafted
4	smart and well-crafted
3	smart and
2	in comparison
2	Few of the increasingly far-fetched events that first-time writer-director Neil Burger follows up with are terribly convincing , which is a pity , considering Barry 's terrific performance .
2	Few of the increasingly far-fetched events that first-time writer-director Neil Burger follows up with
1	of the increasingly far-fetched events that first-time writer-director Neil Burger follows up with
1	the increasingly far-fetched events that first-time writer-director Neil Burger follows up with
1	the increasingly far-fetched events
1	increasingly far-fetched events
1	increasingly far-fetched
2	that first-time writer-director Neil Burger follows up with
2	first-time writer-director Neil Burger follows up with
2	first-time writer-director Neil Burger
2	writer-director Neil Burger
2	Neil Burger
2	follows up with
2	follows up
2	are terribly convincing , which is a pity , considering Barry 's terrific performance .
2	are terribly convincing , which is a pity , considering Barry 's terrific performance
2	are terribly convincing , which is a pity ,
3	are terribly convincing
3	terribly convincing
2	, which is a pity ,
2	which is a pity ,
1	which is a pity
1	is a pity
2	a pity
3	considering Barry 's terrific performance
4	Barry 's terrific performance
2	Barry 's
4	terrific performance
3	Gets better after Foster leaves that little room .
2	better after Foster leaves that little room .
2	better after Foster leaves that little room
3	better after Foster
2	after Foster
2	leaves that little room
2	that little room
1	little room
1	The movie is as padded as Allen 's jelly belly .
2	The movie
1	is as padded as Allen 's jelly belly .
0	is as padded as Allen 's jelly belly
1	as padded as Allen 's jelly belly
2	padded as Allen 's jelly belly
2	as Allen 's jelly belly
2	Allen 's jelly belly
2	Allen 's
2	jelly belly
1	Resident Evil is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an MTV , sugar hysteria , and PlayStation cocktail .
3	Resident Evil
1	is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an MTV , sugar hysteria , and PlayStation cocktail .
1	is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an MTV , sugar hysteria , and PlayStation cocktail
1	is n't
2	a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an MTV , sugar hysteria , and PlayStation cocktail
2	a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as
2	a product of its cinematic predecessors so much
2	a product of its cinematic predecessors so
2	a product of its cinematic predecessors
2	a product
2	of its cinematic predecessors
2	its cinematic predecessors
2	cinematic predecessors
2	an MTV , sugar hysteria , and PlayStation cocktail
1	an MTV , sugar hysteria , and
1	an MTV , sugar hysteria ,
3	an MTV , sugar hysteria
2	an MTV ,
2	an MTV
2	sugar hysteria
1	PlayStation cocktail
2	A rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by Epps .
3	A rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments
1	A rather average action film
2	rather average action film
2	average action film
2	action film
3	that benefits from several funny moments
3	benefits from several funny moments
3	from several funny moments
3	several funny moments
3	funny moments
2	supplied by Epps .
2	supplied by Epps
2	by Epps
0	... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
0	unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
0	unspeakably , unbearably dull
1	unspeakably ,
0	unbearably dull
0	, featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
1	featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
1	featuring reams of flatly
2	featuring reams
1	of flatly
1	delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
1	delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted
1	dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted
2	dialogue and
1	a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted
3	a heroine
1	who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted
1	comes across as both shallow and dim-witted
2	comes across
1	as both shallow and dim-witted
0	both shallow and dim-witted
0	shallow and dim-witted
1	shallow and
1	Resembles a soft porn Brian De Palma pastiche .
2	a soft porn Brian De Palma pastiche .
2	a soft porn Brian De Palma
2	soft porn Brian De Palma
2	porn Brian De Palma
2	Brian De Palma
2	De Palma
2	pastiche .
3	Bluto Blutarsky , we miss you .
2	Bluto Blutarsky
2	, we miss you .
2	we miss you .
3	miss you .
2	miss you
2	Innocuous enough to make even Jean-Claude Van Damme look good .
2	Innocuous enough to make even Jean-Claude Van Damme look good
3	enough to make even Jean-Claude Van Damme look good
3	to make even Jean-Claude Van Damme look good
2	make even Jean-Claude Van Damme look good
3	even Jean-Claude Van Damme look good
4	Jean-Claude Van Damme look good
2	Jean-Claude Van Damme
2	Van Damme
3	look good
1	It 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .
0	's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .
2	's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that
0	a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that
1	a glorified sitcom , and
1	a glorified sitcom ,
1	a glorified sitcom
1	glorified sitcom
1	a long , unfunny one at that
0	a long , unfunny one
2	long , unfunny one
1	, unfunny one
0	unfunny one
2	at that
4	Woody Allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .
2	Woody Allen
3	can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .
3	can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody
3	write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody
2	write and deliver
2	write and
3	a one liner as well as anybody
2	a one liner as well as
2	a one liner
2	one liner
2	as well as
2	well as
1	But I had a lot of problems with this movie .
0	I had a lot of problems with this movie .
0	had a lot of problems with this movie .
1	had a lot of problems with this movie
2	had a lot of problems
0	a lot of problems
2	a lot
2	of problems
2	with this movie
2	this movie
0	Devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .
2	Devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special
2	of any of the qualities that made the first film so special
2	any of the qualities that made the first film so special
3	of the qualities that made the first film so special
3	the qualities that made the first film so special
3	the qualities
3	that made the first film so special
3	made the first film so special
3	the first film so special
2	the first film
2	first film
3	so special
1	All movie long , City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast .
2	All movie long
3	All movie
1	, City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast .
1	City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast .
0	City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast
2	City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other , but
2	City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other ,
2	City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other
3	City by the Sea swings from one
2	by the Sea swings from one
2	the Sea swings from one
2	the Sea swings
2	Sea swings
2	from one
2	approach to the other
2	to the other
2	the other
1	in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast
2	in the end
2	the end
1	, it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast
1	it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast
1	stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast
1	in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast
1	formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast
2	formula --
2	which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast
0	is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast
1	a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast
1	a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors
0	a waste
3	of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors
3	De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors
2	De Niro , McDormand and
2	De Niro , McDormand
2	De Niro ,
2	De Niro
2	the other good actors
2	other good actors
3	good actors
2	in the cast
2	the cast
0	Plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .
0	Plotless collection of moronic stunts
1	Plotless collection
1	of moronic stunts
2	moronic stunts
0	is by far the worst movie of the year .
1	is by far the worst movie of the year
0	by far the worst movie of the year
1	far the worst movie of the year
0	far the worst movie
0	the worst movie
0	worst movie
2	of the year
2	the year
1	However sincere it may be , The Rising Place never quite justifies its own existence .
2	However sincere it may be
2	However sincere
2	it may be
2	may be
1	, The Rising Place never quite justifies its own existence .
2	The Rising Place never quite justifies its own existence .
2	The Rising Place
2	Rising Place
1	never quite justifies its own existence .
2	never quite justifies its own existence
1	never quite
3	justifies its own existence
3	its own existence
2	own existence
1	Parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
1	updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
1	updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
1	the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
2	the setting
1	in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
1	an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
2	attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
1	to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
2	make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
3	make the film relevant today ,
3	make the film relevant today
2	make the film
2	the film
3	relevant today
1	without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
2	fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
2	understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
1	what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
2	it was that made the story relevant in the first place
2	was that made the story relevant in the first place
2	that made the story relevant in the first place
2	made the story relevant in the first place
3	the story relevant in the first place
2	the story
2	relevant in the first place
2	in the first place
3	the first place
3	first place
3	It 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a Latino hip hop beat .
2	's sort of a 21st century morality play with a Latino hip hop beat .
2	's sort of a 21st century morality play with a Latino hip hop beat
2	sort of a 21st century morality play with a Latino hip hop beat
2	of a 21st century morality play with a Latino hip hop beat
2	a 21st century morality play with a Latino hip hop beat
2	a 21st century morality play
2	21st century morality play
2	century morality play
2	morality play
2	with a Latino hip hop beat
2	a Latino hip hop beat
2	Latino hip hop beat
3	hip hop beat
3	hop beat
0	But the second half of the movie really goes downhill .
1	the second half of the movie really goes downhill .
2	the second half of the movie
2	the second half
2	second half
2	of the movie
2	the movie
0	really goes downhill .
1	goes downhill .
1	goes downhill
2	Paxton 's uneven directorial debut fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .
2	Paxton 's uneven directorial debut
2	Paxton 's
1	uneven directorial debut
2	directorial debut
2	fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .
1	fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre
3	to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre
3	unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre
2	the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre
2	the full potential
3	full potential
4	of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre
3	what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre
4	is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre
2	is in many ways
2	in many ways
2	many ways
4	a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre
3	a fresh and dramatically substantial spin
3	fresh and dramatically substantial spin
4	fresh and dramatically substantial
4	fresh and
3	dramatically substantial
2	on the genre
2	the genre
1	The script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .
2	The script
0	becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .
0	becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair
1	becomes lifeless and
1	becomes lifeless
1	falls apart like a cheap lawn chair
1	falls apart
1	like a cheap lawn chair
2	a cheap lawn chair
2	cheap lawn chair
2	lawn chair
0	The script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .
2	The script
1	falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .
0	falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy
1	falls back
1	on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy
1	too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy
0	too many tried-and-true shenanigans
1	too many
2	tried-and-true shenanigans
1	that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy
1	hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy
2	distinguish it from the next teen comedy
2	distinguish it
2	from the next teen comedy
2	the next teen comedy
2	next teen comedy
2	teen comedy
1	The film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work .
1	The film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work
1	The film starts promisingly , but
2	The film starts promisingly ,
2	The film starts promisingly
2	The film
3	starts promisingly
0	the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work
2	the ending
1	is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work
0	is all too predictable and far too cliched
1	all too predictable and far too cliched
0	too predictable and far too cliched
1	too predictable and
0	too predictable
1	far too cliched
1	too cliched
2	to really work
3	really work
3	Let 's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
2	Let 's
3	issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
1	issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate
2	a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate
1	a moratorium , effective immediately ,
2	a moratorium , effective immediately
2	a moratorium ,
1	a moratorium
2	effective immediately
2	on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate
3	treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate
2	treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and
2	treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors
2	treacly films
2	about inspirational prep-school professors
3	inspirational prep-school professors
2	prep-school professors
2	the children they so heartwarmingly motivate
2	the children
3	they so heartwarmingly motivate
3	so heartwarmingly motivate
3	so heartwarmingly
0	It 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful .
0	's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful .
0	's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
1	's the element of condescension ,
2	's the element of condescension
2	the element of condescension
2	the element
2	of condescension
0	as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
0	the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
2	the filmmakers
1	look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
2	look down on their working-class subjects
1	down on their working-class subjects
2	on their working-class subjects
2	their working-class subjects
3	working-class subjects
2	from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
1	their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
2	their lofty perch ,
3	their lofty perch
2	lofty perch
0	that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
0	finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
1	makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
2	makes Sex
2	With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
0	Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
2	Strangers ,
1	which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
0	opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
2	opens today in the New York metropolitan area ,
3	opens today in the New York metropolitan area
3	opens today
2	in the New York metropolitan area
2	the New York metropolitan area
3	New York metropolitan area
2	York metropolitan area
2	metropolitan area
0	so distasteful
3	Alternately frustrating and rewarding .
2	Alternately frustrating and rewarding
2	frustrating and rewarding
1	frustrating and
1	It 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .
1	's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .
2	's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure
1	impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure
1	to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure
2	even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure
2	categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure
2	this as a smutty guilty pleasure
2	as a smutty guilty pleasure
3	a smutty guilty pleasure
2	smutty guilty pleasure
2	smutty guilty
1	Despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , The Man Who Wrote Rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
1	Despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure
2	suffering a sense-of-humour failure
0	a sense-of-humour failure
1	sense-of-humour failure
2	, The Man Who Wrote Rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
1	The Man Who Wrote Rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
2	The Man Who Wrote Rocky
2	The Man
2	Who Wrote Rocky
2	Wrote Rocky
0	does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
0	does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this
2	does not
0	deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this
1	to go down with a ship as leaky as this
0	go down with a ship as leaky as this
0	go down with a ship as leaky
2	go down
2	with a ship as leaky
1	a ship as leaky
2	a ship
2	as leaky
2	as this
1	Swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .
2	, the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .
2	, the film makes it seem ,
2	the film makes it seem ,
2	the film makes it seem
2	the film
3	makes it seem
2	it seem
2	is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .
2	is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit
1	is not
2	a hobby that attracts the young and fit
2	a hobby
3	that attracts the young and fit
3	attracts the young and fit
2	the young and fit
2	young and fit
2	young and
2	Or intelligent .
3	intelligent .
0	The most memorable moment was when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
3	The most memorable moment
2	most memorable moment
4	most memorable
0	was when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
0	was when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
0	when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
2	when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but
2	when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny ,
2	when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny
2	Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny
1	threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny
2	threw medical equipment at a window ;
1	threw medical equipment at a window
2	threw medical equipment
2	medical equipment
2	at a window
2	a window
2	not because it was particularly funny
3	because it was particularly funny
3	it was particularly funny
3	was particularly funny
3	particularly funny
0	because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
0	I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
0	had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
0	a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
0	serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
1	urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
0	to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
1	grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
2	grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and
2	grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker
2	grab the old lady
2	the old lady
2	old lady
2	at the end of my aisle 's walker
2	the end of my aisle 's walker
2	the end
2	of my aisle 's walker
2	my aisle 's walker
2	my aisle 's
2	aisle 's
0	toss it at the screen in frustration
1	toss it
1	at the screen in frustration
1	the screen in frustration
2	the screen
1	in frustration
1	See Clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .
1	Clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .
0	Clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes
1	if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes
0	you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes
1	have nothing better to do with 94 minutes
1	nothing better to do with 94 minutes
1	better to do with 94 minutes
3	to do with 94 minutes
2	do with 94 minutes
2	with 94 minutes
2	94 minutes
2	But be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still .
2	But be warned
1	be warned
1	, you too may feel time has decided to stand still .
1	you too may feel time has decided to stand still .
2	too may feel time has decided to stand still .
1	may feel time has decided to stand still .
2	may feel time has decided to stand still
1	feel time has decided to stand still
2	time has decided to stand still
2	has decided to stand still
2	decided to stand still
2	to stand still
2	stand still
2	Or that the battery on your watch has died .
2	that the battery on your watch has died .
2	that the battery on your watch has died
1	the battery on your watch has died
2	the battery on your watch
3	the battery
2	on your watch
2	your watch
1	has died
0	Suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry British filmmakers have strip-mined the Monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
1	Suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry British filmmakers
2	from over-familiarity since hit-hungry British filmmakers
2	over-familiarity since hit-hungry British filmmakers
2	since hit-hungry British filmmakers
2	hit-hungry British filmmakers
2	British filmmakers
3	have strip-mined the Monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
1	have strip-mined the Monty formula mercilessly since 1997
1	strip-mined the Monty formula mercilessly since 1997
2	strip-mined the Monty formula mercilessly
2	the Monty formula mercilessly
2	Monty formula mercilessly
1	formula mercilessly
2	since 1997
3	There are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit .
2	are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit .
2	are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
3	enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
3	throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
3	references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
2	references to faith and rainbows
3	to faith and rainbows
2	faith and rainbows
2	faith and
3	to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
3	plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
3	plant smile-button faces
3	smile-button faces
2	on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
3	that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
2	that segment
3	of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
3	the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
2	the populace
3	that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
3	made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
3	A Walk to Remember a niche hit
3	Walk to Remember a niche hit
2	to Remember a niche hit
2	Remember a niche hit
3	a niche hit
2	niche hit
0	Yes , I have given this movie a rating of zero .
0	, I have given this movie a rating of zero .
0	I have given this movie a rating of zero .
1	have given this movie a rating of zero .
0	have given this movie a rating of zero
0	given this movie a rating of zero
2	given this movie
2	this movie
0	a rating of zero
2	a rating
2	of zero
2	But fans of the show should not consider this a diss .
2	fans of the show should not consider this a diss .
3	fans of the show
2	of the show
2	the show
3	should not consider this a diss .
2	should not consider this a diss
1	should not
1	consider this a diss
1	this a diss
1	a diss
4	Consider it ` perfection . '
4	Consider it ` perfection .
4	Consider it ` perfection
4	it ` perfection
4	` perfection
0	The cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .
2	The cumulative effect of the movie
2	The cumulative effect
2	cumulative effect
2	of the movie
2	the movie
1	is repulsive and depressing .
0	is repulsive and depressing
0	repulsive and depressing
0	repulsive and
3	Children and adults enamored of all things Pokemon wo n't be disappointed .
3	Children and adults enamored of all things Pokemon
2	Children and adults
2	Children and
2	enamored of all things Pokemon
2	of all things Pokemon
2	all things Pokemon
2	things Pokemon
4	wo n't be disappointed .
3	wo n't be disappointed
2	wo n't
0	be disappointed
2	I do n't even care that there 's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff .
2	do n't even care that there 's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff .
3	do n't even care that there 's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff
2	do n't even
2	do n't
2	care that there 's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff
0	that there 's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff
0	there 's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff
1	's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff
0	no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff
1	no plot
2	in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff
2	this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff
2	Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff
2	Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff
2	Liu faceoff
0	It 's still terrible !
0	's still terrible !
2	's still terrible
2	's still
2	Children of the Century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers .
3	Children of the Century , though well dressed and well made ,
2	Children of the Century , though well dressed and well made
2	Children of the Century ,
2	Children of the Century
2	of the Century
2	the Century
3	though well dressed and well made
3	well dressed and well made
2	well dressed and well
2	well dressed and
3	well dressed
2	ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers .
1	falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers .
2	falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers
2	falls prey
2	to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers
1	the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers
2	the contradiction
2	that afflicts so many movies about writers
2	afflicts so many movies about writers
2	so many movies about writers
2	so many movies
2	so many
2	about writers
1	It 's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil ' Bow Wow .
0	's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil ' Bow Wow .
0	's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil ' Bow Wow
2	's not so much
2	's not
2	so much
2	a movie as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil ' Bow Wow
2	a movie
1	as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil ' Bow Wow
2	a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil ' Bow Wow
3	a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and
2	a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association
3	a joint promotion
2	joint promotion
2	for the National Basketball Association
2	the National Basketball Association
2	National Basketball Association
2	Basketball Association
2	teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil ' Bow Wow
2	teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy
2	rap and adolescent poster-boy
2	and adolescent poster-boy
2	adolescent poster-boy
2	Lil ' Bow Wow
2	Lil '
2	Bow Wow
2	Peralta 's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight .
2	Peralta 's mythmaking
3	Peralta 's
1	could have used some informed , adult hindsight .
1	could have used some informed , adult hindsight
2	have used some informed , adult hindsight
2	used some informed , adult hindsight
2	some informed , adult hindsight
3	informed , adult hindsight
2	, adult hindsight
2	adult hindsight
2	A close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late .
2	A close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late
3	A close-to-solid espionage thriller
2	close-to-solid espionage thriller
2	espionage thriller
1	with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late
1	the misfortune of being released a few decades too late
2	the misfortune
1	of being released a few decades too late
1	being released a few decades too late
2	released a few decades too late
2	released a few decades
2	a few decades
2	few decades
1	too late
1	Cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation -LRB- career - kids = misery -RRB- in tiresome romantic-comedy duds .
2	Cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation -LRB- career - kids = misery -RRB- in tiresome romantic-comedy duds
0	a familiar anti-feminist equation -LRB- career - kids = misery -RRB- in tiresome romantic-comedy duds
3	a familiar anti-feminist equation -LRB- career - kids = misery -RRB-
2	a familiar anti-feminist equation
2	familiar anti-feminist equation
2	familiar anti-feminist
2	-LRB- career - kids = misery -RRB-
1	career - kids = misery -RRB-
1	career - kids = misery
2	career -
1	kids = misery
2	= misery
2	in tiresome romantic-comedy duds
2	tiresome romantic-comedy duds
0	romantic-comedy duds
1	The Good Girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .
2	The Good Girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming
3	The Good Girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but
3	The Good Girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable
2	The Good Girl
2	Good Girl
3	is a film in which the talent is undeniable
4	a film in which the talent is undeniable
2	a film
4	in which the talent is undeniable
2	in which
4	the talent is undeniable
2	the talent
2	is undeniable
2	the results are underwhelming
2	the results
1	are underwhelming
1	Just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole .
0	Just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole
2	Just a collection
2	a collection
1	of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole
0	this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole
2	this and that -- whatever fills time --
2	this and that
2	this and
2	-- whatever fills time --
1	whatever fills time --
2	whatever fills time
1	fills time
1	with no unified whole
2	no unified whole
2	unified whole
0	The animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication .
2	The animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago
3	The animation and game phenomenon
3	animation and game phenomenon
3	and game phenomenon
2	game phenomenon
2	that peaked about three years ago
3	peaked about three years ago
2	about three years ago
2	about three years
2	about three
1	is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication .
0	is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication
3	is actually
0	dying a slow death , if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication
2	dying a slow death ,
1	dying a slow death
1	a slow death
0	slow death
1	if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication
0	the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication
1	the poor quality of Pokemon 4
1	the poor quality
0	poor quality
2	of Pokemon 4
2	Pokemon 4
2	Ever is any indication
2	is any indication
2	any indication
1	Only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm .
2	Only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role
2	Only about as sexy and
2	Only about as sexy
2	Only about
3	as sexy
2	dangerous as an actress in a role
1	as an actress in a role
2	an actress in a role
3	an actress
2	in a role
2	a role
1	that reminds at every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm .
1	that reminds at every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm
1	reminds at every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm
1	at every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm
1	every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm
2	every turn
1	of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm
2	Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm
2	Elizabeth Berkley 's
2	Berkley 's
2	flopping dolphin-gasm
3	Kids who are into this Thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven .
2	Kids who are into this Thornberry stuff
2	who are into this Thornberry stuff
2	are into this Thornberry stuff
2	into this Thornberry stuff
2	this Thornberry stuff
2	Thornberry stuff
1	will probably be in wedgie heaven .
2	will probably be in wedgie heaven
3	will probably
2	be in wedgie heaven
2	in wedgie heaven
2	wedgie heaven
1	Anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning .
0	Anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie
1	else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie
2	else who
2	may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie
2	may , for whatever reason ,
2	may , for whatever reason
2	may ,
2	for whatever reason
2	whatever reason
3	be thinking about going to see this movie
3	thinking about going to see this movie
2	about going to see this movie
2	going to see this movie
2	to see this movie
4	see this movie
2	this movie
1	is hereby given fair warning .
2	is hereby given fair warning
2	is hereby
1	given fair warning
2	fair warning
0	Mr. Soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .
2	Mr. Soderbergh 's direction and visual style
2	Mr. Soderbergh 's direction and
2	Mr. Soderbergh 's direction
2	Mr. Soderbergh 's
2	Soderbergh 's
3	visual style
0	struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .
1	struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious
0	struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and
1	struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy
1	me as unusually and unimpressively fussy
1	as unusually and unimpressively fussy
2	as unusually and
2	as unusually
0	unimpressively fussy
2	Do you say `` hi '' to your lover when you wake up in the morning ?
2	Do you say `` hi '' to your lover when you wake up in the morning
2	Do you
2	say `` hi '' to your lover when you wake up in the morning
2	say `` hi ''
3	`` hi ''
2	`` hi
2	to your lover when you wake up in the morning
2	your lover when you wake up in the morning
2	your lover
2	when you wake up in the morning
2	you wake up in the morning
2	wake up in the morning
2	wake up
2	in the morning
2	the morning
1	It makes me feel weird \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ Like puppies with broken legs \/ And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens
1	makes me feel weird \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ Like puppies with broken legs \/ And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens
1	me feel weird \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ Like puppies with broken legs \/ And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens
2	feel weird \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ Like puppies with broken legs \/ And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens
1	weird \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ Like puppies with broken legs \/ And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens
2	weird \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \/
2	weird \/ Thinking
2	\/ Thinking
2	about all the bad things in the world \/
0	all the bad things in the world \/
1	all the bad things
1	the bad things
1	bad things
2	in the world \/
2	the world \/
2	world \/
1	Like puppies with broken legs \/ And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens
1	Like puppies with broken legs
1	puppies with broken legs
2	with broken legs
2	broken legs
2	\/ And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens
2	And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens
2	And butterflies that die \/ And
2	And butterflies that die \/
2	butterflies that die \/
1	butterflies that die
2	that die
2	movies starring pop queens
2	starring pop queens
2	pop queens
3	Director Tom Dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon , but Showtime 's uninspired send-up of TV cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .
1	Director Tom Dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon , but Showtime 's uninspired send-up of TV cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks
2	Director Tom Dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon , but
4	Director Tom Dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon ,
4	Director Tom Dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon
2	Director Tom Dey
2	Tom Dey
3	demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon
2	demonstrated a knack
2	a knack
3	for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon
3	mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon
2	mixing action and idiosyncratic humor
2	action and idiosyncratic humor
2	and idiosyncratic humor
3	idiosyncratic humor
3	in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon
3	his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon
3	charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon
2	2000 debut Shanghai Noon
2	debut Shanghai Noon
2	Shanghai Noon
1	Showtime 's uninspired send-up of TV cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks
1	Showtime 's uninspired send-up of TV cop show cliches
1	Showtime 's uninspired send-up
2	Showtime 's
2	uninspired send-up
2	of TV cop show cliches
1	TV cop show cliches
2	cop show cliches
2	show cliches
1	mostly leaves him shooting blanks
0	leaves him shooting blanks
2	him shooting blanks
1	shooting blanks
3	` Yes , that 's right : it 's Forrest Gump , Angel Of Death . '
2	Yes , that 's right : it 's Forrest Gump , Angel Of Death . '
2	Yes , that 's right : it 's Forrest Gump , Angel Of Death .
2	Yes , that 's right : it 's Forrest Gump , Angel Of Death
2	Yes , that 's right :
3	Yes , that 's right
2	, that 's right
3	that 's right
2	's right
2	it 's Forrest Gump , Angel Of Death
2	it 's Forrest Gump ,
2	it 's Forrest Gump
2	's Forrest Gump
2	Forrest Gump
1	Angel Of Death
2	Of Death
3	A wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .
2	A wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you
2	A wildly erratic drama
2	wildly erratic drama
2	wildly erratic
2	with sequences that make you
2	sequences that make you
2	that make you
2	make you
3	wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .
2	wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching
2	wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors ,
1	wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors
0	wince in embarrassment and others ,
2	wince in embarrassment and others
2	in embarrassment and others
1	embarrassment and others
1	embarrassment and
3	thanks to the actors
2	to the actors
2	the actors
4	that are quite touching
3	are quite touching
3	quite touching
1	While easier to sit through than most of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .
2	While easier to sit through than most of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films
1	easier to sit through than most of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films
0	to sit through than most of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films
2	sit through than most of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films
2	sit through
1	than most of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films
1	most of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films
1	of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films
1	Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films
2	Jaglom 's
2	self-conscious and gratingly irritating films
2	self-conscious and gratingly
2	self-conscious and
1	irritating films
1	, it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .
0	it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .
2	's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .
1	's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points
2	's still
0	tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points
1	by cliches , painful improbability and murky points
2	cliches , painful improbability and murky points
0	cliches , painful improbability and murky
1	cliches , painful improbability and
1	cliches , painful improbability
1	, painful improbability
1	painful improbability
0	About as enjoyable , I would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
3	About as enjoyable
2	as enjoyable
0	, I would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
0	I would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
2	would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
0	would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful
0	imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful
2	imagine ,
0	as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful
0	searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful
0	searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ...
0	searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces
2	searching for a quarter
2	for a quarter
2	a quarter
0	in a giant pile of elephant feces
0	a giant pile of elephant feces
2	a giant pile
2	giant pile
0	of elephant feces
1	elephant feces
0	positively dreadful
1	A generic international version of a typical American horror film .
1	A generic international version of a typical American horror film
1	A generic international version
2	generic international version
2	international version
1	of a typical American horror film
2	a typical American horror film
2	typical American horror film
2	American horror film
2	horror film
1	... while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of Shakespeare 's Macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .
1	while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of Shakespeare 's Macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .
3	while certainly clever in spots
3	certainly clever in spots
3	clever in spots
2	in spots
0	, this too-long , spoofy update of Shakespeare 's Macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .
1	this too-long , spoofy update of Shakespeare 's Macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .
1	this too-long , spoofy update of Shakespeare 's Macbeth
1	this too-long , spoofy update
1	too-long , spoofy update
2	, spoofy update
2	spoofy update
2	of Shakespeare 's Macbeth
3	Shakespeare 's Macbeth
2	Shakespeare 's
1	does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .
1	does n't sustain a high enough level of invention
1	does n't
2	sustain a high enough level of invention
3	a high enough level of invention
3	a high enough level
2	high enough level
2	enough level
3	of invention
1	Lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .
0	has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .
0	has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
2	has in fact
2	in fact
0	come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
2	closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
1	than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
1	anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
1	could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
1	desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
1	to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
1	the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
0	the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials
0	cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials
1	cheap , graceless , hackneyed
0	, graceless , hackneyed
1	graceless , hackneyed
2	, hackneyed
2	sci-fi serials
2	of the '30s and '40s
2	the '30s and '40s
2	'30s and '40s
2	'30s and
2	There 's a lot of good material here , but there 's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it .
3	There 's a lot of good material here , but there 's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it
2	There 's a lot of good material here , but
3	There 's a lot of good material here ,
4	There 's a lot of good material here
3	's a lot of good material here
3	's a lot of good material
3	a lot of good material
2	a lot
3	of good material
4	good material
1	there 's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it
0	's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it
2	's also
0	a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it
2	a lot
1	of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it
1	redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it
0	redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness
0	redundancy and unsuccessful
1	redundancy and
2	accompanying it
0	Absurdities and clichés accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel .
1	Absurdities and clichés
2	Absurdities and
1	accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel .
1	accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel
0	like lint in a fat man 's navel
2	lint in a fat man 's navel
1	in a fat man 's navel
1	a fat man 's navel
2	a fat man 's
2	fat man 's
2	man 's
3	If you think it 's a riot to see Rob Schneider in a young woman 's clothes , then you 'll enjoy The Hot Chick .
2	If you think it 's a riot to see Rob Schneider in a young woman 's clothes
2	you think it 's a riot to see Rob Schneider in a young woman 's clothes
2	think it 's a riot to see Rob Schneider in a young woman 's clothes
3	it 's a riot to see Rob Schneider in a young woman 's clothes
3	's a riot to see Rob Schneider in a young woman 's clothes
3	a riot to see Rob Schneider in a young woman 's clothes
2	riot to see Rob Schneider in a young woman 's clothes
2	to see Rob Schneider in a young woman 's clothes
2	see Rob Schneider in a young woman 's clothes
2	Rob Schneider in a young woman 's clothes
2	Rob Schneider
2	in a young woman 's clothes
2	a young woman 's clothes
2	a young woman 's
2	young woman 's
2	woman 's
4	, then you 'll enjoy The Hot Chick .
2	then you 'll enjoy The Hot Chick .
3	you 'll enjoy The Hot Chick .
3	'll enjoy The Hot Chick .
2	'll enjoy The Hot Chick
3	enjoy The Hot Chick
2	The Hot Chick
2	Hot Chick
0	The sheer dumbness of the plot -LRB- other than its one good idea -RRB- and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .
0	The sheer dumbness of the plot -LRB- other than its one good idea -RRB- and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness
1	The sheer dumbness
0	sheer dumbness
1	of the plot -LRB- other than its one good idea -RRB- and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness
1	the plot -LRB- other than its one good idea -RRB- and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness
2	the plot -LRB- other than its one good idea -RRB- and
2	the plot -LRB- other than its one good idea -RRB-
2	the plot
2	-LRB- other than its one good idea -RRB-
2	other than its one good idea -RRB-
2	other than its one good idea
2	than its one good idea
3	its one good idea
3	one good idea
3	good idea
0	the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness
2	the movie 's inescapable air
2	the movie 's
2	movie 's
2	inescapable air
1	of sleaziness
2	get you down .
1	get you down
3	get you
3	Strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .
1	comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .
3	comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild
2	comes off
2	as a kingdom more mild than wild
1	a kingdom more mild than wild
3	a kingdom
2	more mild than wild
2	more mild than
2	more mild
2	The next big thing 's not-so-big -LRB- and not-so-hot -RRB- directorial debut .
0	The next big thing 's not-so-big -LRB- and not-so-hot -RRB-
1	The next big thing 's not-so-big
3	The next big thing 's
2	next big thing 's
2	big thing 's
3	thing 's
1	-LRB- and not-so-hot -RRB-
1	-LRB- and not-so-hot
2	-LRB- and
2	directorial debut .
2	directorial debut
1	Yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...
1	another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...
1	another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled
2	another iteration
1	of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled
2	what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled
3	's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled
2	become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled
2	one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled
2	one of the movies ' creepiest conventions ,
2	one of the movies ' creepiest conventions
2	of the movies ' creepiest conventions
2	the movies ' creepiest conventions
2	the movies '
2	movies '
1	creepiest conventions
2	in which the developmentally disabled
2	in which
2	the developmentally disabled
2	the developmentally
3	are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...
2	are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family
2	portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family
3	portrayed with almost supernatural powers
2	with almost supernatural powers
2	almost supernatural powers
2	almost supernatural
2	to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family
2	humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family
3	humble , teach and ultimately
3	humble , teach and
3	humble , teach
2	humble ,
2	redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family
2	their mentally `` superior '' friends , family
2	their mentally `` superior '' friends ,
2	their mentally `` superior '' friends
3	mentally `` superior '' friends
3	mentally `` superior ''
3	`` superior ''
4	superior ''
2	Bond-inspired ?
2	Certainly .
3	Likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ?
4	Likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise
4	to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise
4	have decades of life as a classic movie franchise
2	have decades of life
2	decades of life
2	of life
3	as a classic movie franchise
3	a classic movie franchise
3	classic movie franchise
2	movie franchise
2	Let 's hope not .
2	Let 's
2	hope not .
2	hope not
0	This flat run at a hip-hop Tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines .
2	This flat run at a hip-hop Tootsie
1	This flat run
1	flat run
2	at a hip-hop Tootsie
2	a hip-hop Tootsie
2	hip-hop Tootsie
0	is so poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines .
0	is so poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines
0	so poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines
0	poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines
2	paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines
1	you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines
2	could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines
1	fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines
2	fit all of Pootie Tang
2	all of Pootie Tang
2	of Pootie Tang
2	Pootie Tang
2	in between its punchlines
2	between its punchlines
2	its punchlines
2	Davis has energy , but she does n't bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly .
1	Davis has energy , but she does n't bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly
2	Davis has energy , but
2	Davis has energy ,
2	Davis has energy
3	has energy
0	she does n't bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly
1	does n't bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly
1	does n't
1	bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly
3	to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly
3	make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly
3	her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly
3	her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or
3	her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original ,
3	her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original
2	her heroine 's book sound convincing ,
3	her heroine 's book sound convincing
2	her heroine 's
2	heroine 's
2	book sound convincing
2	sound convincing
2	the gender-war ideas original
3	gender-war ideas original
3	ideas original
3	the comic scenes fly
3	comic scenes fly
2	scenes fly
1	Surprisingly , considering that Baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .
1	, considering that Baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .
1	considering that Baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .
2	considering that Baird is a former film editor
2	that Baird is a former film editor
2	Baird is a former film editor
3	is a former film editor
2	a former film editor
2	former film editor
2	film editor
0	, the movie is rather choppy .
1	the movie is rather choppy .
2	the movie
2	is rather choppy .
1	is rather choppy
1	rather choppy
0	None of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny .
1	None of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny
0	None of this is very original , and
2	None of this is very original ,
0	None of this is very original
2	None of this
2	of this
3	is very original
4	very original
1	it is n't particularly funny
1	is n't particularly funny
1	is n't
3	particularly funny
0	... a bland murder-on-campus yawner .
1	a bland murder-on-campus yawner .
1	a bland murder-on-campus
1	bland murder-on-campus
1	yawner .
0	A humorless journey into a philosophical void .
1	A humorless
1	journey into a philosophical void .
3	journey into a philosophical void
2	into a philosophical void
1	a philosophical void
1	philosophical void
2	These two are generating about as much chemistry as an Iraqi factory poised to receive a UN inspector .
2	These two
1	are generating about as much chemistry as an Iraqi factory poised to receive a UN inspector .
1	are generating about as much chemistry as an Iraqi factory poised to receive a UN inspector
2	generating about as much chemistry as an Iraqi factory poised to receive a UN inspector
2	generating about as much chemistry
2	about as much chemistry
2	about as much
2	as much
2	as an Iraqi factory poised to receive a UN inspector
2	an Iraqi factory poised to receive a UN inspector
1	an Iraqi factory
3	Iraqi factory
2	poised to receive a UN inspector
2	to receive a UN inspector
2	receive a UN inspector
2	a UN inspector
2	UN inspector
1	Just as the lousy Tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation .
1	Just as the lousy Tarantino imitations have subsided
1	as the lousy Tarantino imitations have subsided
2	the lousy Tarantino imitations have subsided
1	the lousy Tarantino imitations
0	lousy Tarantino imitations
2	Tarantino imitations
2	have subsided
0	, here comes the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation .
2	here comes the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation .
1	comes the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation .
1	comes the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation
1	the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation
1	first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation
1	lousy Guy Ritchie imitation
2	Guy Ritchie imitation
2	Ritchie imitation
2	A passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor .
3	A passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of
2	A passable romantic comedy ,
2	passable romantic comedy ,
2	passable romantic
2	comedy ,
2	in need of another couple of
2	need of another couple of
2	of another couple of
2	another couple of
2	another couple
2	passes through the word processor .
2	passes through the word processor
2	through the word processor
2	the word processor
2	word processor
1	The movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing .
0	The movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing
2	The movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and
2	The movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago ,
2	The movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago
2	The movie
0	attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago
1	attempts to mine laughs
2	to mine laughs
2	mine laughs
1	from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago
1	a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago
2	a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy --
2	a genre
2	-- the gangster\/crime comedy --
2	the gangster\/crime comedy --
2	the gangster\/crime comedy
3	gangster\/crime comedy
1	that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago
0	wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago
2	wore out
2	its welcome with audiences several years ago
3	its welcome with audiences several years
2	welcome with audiences several years
3	welcome with audiences
2	with audiences
2	several years
1	its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing
1	its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches
3	its cutesy reliance
1	cutesy reliance
2	on movie-specific cliches
2	movie-specific cliches
1	is n't exactly endearing
1	is n't
3	exactly endearing
1	shows Holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB- the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .
3	shows Holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB- the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives
1	shows Holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB- the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time
3	shows Holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB-
4	Holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB-
4	has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB-
2	the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB-
2	screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB-
3	presence to become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB-
3	to become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB-
3	become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB-
2	become a major-league leading lady ,
3	become a major-league leading lady
3	a major-league leading lady
2	major-league leading lady
2	leading lady
2	-LRB- but -RRB-
2	but -RRB-
2	the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time
2	the movie
2	itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time
2	is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time
2	an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time
1	an underachiever ,
1	an underachiever
2	a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time
3	a psychological mystery
2	psychological mystery
1	that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time
1	takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time
2	takes its sweet time building
2	its sweet time building
3	sweet time building
2	time building
1	to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time
2	a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time
3	a climax
2	that 's scarcely a surprise by the time
2	's scarcely a surprise by the time
2	's scarcely
2	a surprise by the time
2	a surprise
2	by the time
2	the time
3	it arrives
1	Ultimately ... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .
0	... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .
1	the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .
2	the movie
1	is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .
1	is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults
1	is too heady for children , and too preachy
1	too heady for children , and too preachy
2	too heady for children , and
2	too heady for children ,
2	too heady for children
2	heady for children
3	for children
2	too preachy
2	for adults
2	It 's just a little too self-satisfied .
2	's just a little too self-satisfied .
2	's just a little too self-satisfied
2	's just
2	a little too self-satisfied
2	a little
1	too self-satisfied
2	Clever but not especially compelling .
2	Clever but not especially compelling
1	but not especially compelling
2	but not
3	especially compelling
0	McKay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .
1	McKay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
1	seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
0	seems embarrassed by his own invention and
0	seems embarrassed by his own invention
1	seems embarrassed
2	by his own invention
2	his own invention
2	own invention
1	tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
0	to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
2	rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
2	rush through the intermediary passages ,
2	rush through the intermediary passages
1	rush through
2	the intermediary passages
2	intermediary passages
0	apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
0	hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
2	that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
2	the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
2	the audience
1	will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
2	will not
1	notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
1	the glaring triteness of the plot device
2	the glaring triteness
1	glaring triteness
2	of the plot device
2	the plot device
2	plot device
2	he has put in service .
2	has put in service .
2	has put in service
3	put in service
2	in service
1	A piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable .
3	A piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable
1	A piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category :
2	A piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category
2	A piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff
2	A piece
2	of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff
2	mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff
3	mildly entertaining
2	, inoffensive fluff
2	inoffensive fluff
1	that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category
1	drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category
0	drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes
1	drifts aimlessly
2	for 90 minutes
2	90 minutes
2	before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category
2	lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category
2	in the cracks of that ever-growing category
2	the cracks of that ever-growing category
2	the cracks
2	of that ever-growing category
2	that ever-growing category
3	ever-growing category
0	unembarrassing but unmemorable
1	but unmemorable
2	LaBute was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public .
2	was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public .
1	was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public
2	was more fun
2	more fun
2	when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public
1	his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public
2	his characters
2	were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public
1	torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public
1	torturing each other psychologically and
1	torturing each other psychologically
3	each other psychologically
2	other psychologically
2	talking about their genitals in public
2	talking about their genitals
2	about their genitals
2	their genitals
2	in public
1	The movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .
2	The movie
1	weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .
1	weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne
2	weighs no more
1	no more
2	than a glass of flat champagne
1	a glass of flat champagne
2	a glass
1	of flat champagne
1	flat champagne
0	The problem with ANTWONE FISHER is that it has a screenplay written by Antwone Fisher based on the book by Antwone Fisher .
3	The problem with ANTWONE FISHER
2	The problem
2	with ANTWONE FISHER
2	ANTWONE FISHER
3	is that it has a screenplay written by Antwone Fisher based on the book by Antwone Fisher .
2	is that it has a screenplay written by Antwone Fisher based on the book by Antwone Fisher
2	that it has a screenplay written by Antwone Fisher based on the book by Antwone Fisher
2	it has a screenplay written by Antwone Fisher based on the book by Antwone Fisher
2	has a screenplay written by Antwone Fisher based on the book by Antwone Fisher
2	a screenplay written by Antwone Fisher based on the book by Antwone Fisher
2	a screenplay
2	written by Antwone Fisher based on the book by Antwone Fisher
2	by Antwone Fisher based on the book by Antwone Fisher
2	Antwone Fisher based on the book by Antwone Fisher
2	Antwone Fisher
2	based on the book by Antwone Fisher
2	based on the book
2	on the book
2	the book
2	by Antwone Fisher
2	Antwone Fisher
3	Alarms for Duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .
1	Alarms for Duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks
2	for Duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks
3	Duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks
3	Duvall 's throbbing sincerity and
3	Duvall 's throbbing sincerity
3	Duvall 's
3	throbbing sincerity
2	his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks
2	his elderly propensity
2	elderly propensity
2	for patting people while he talks
2	patting people while he talks
2	patting people
3	while he talks
2	he talks
1	What little grace -LRB- Rifkin 's -RRB- tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .
1	What little grace -LRB- Rifkin 's -RRB- tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves
2	little grace -LRB- Rifkin 's -RRB- tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves
3	little grace -LRB- Rifkin 's -RRB- tale of precarious skid-row dignity
2	little grace -LRB- Rifkin 's -RRB- tale
2	little grace -LRB- Rifkin 's -RRB-
2	little grace
2	-LRB- Rifkin 's -RRB-
2	Rifkin 's -RRB-
2	Rifkin 's
2	of precarious skid-row dignity
2	precarious skid-row dignity
2	skid-row dignity
1	is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .
1	is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics
0	pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics
1	pushed into the margins
2	into the margins
2	the margins
1	by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics
0	predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics
1	predictable plotting and
1	predictable plotting
2	tiresome histrionics
0	Tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of Animal House but instead comes closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel .
2	Tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of Animal House
3	to work in the same vein as the brilliance of Animal House
3	work in the same vein as the brilliance of Animal House
2	work in the same vein
2	in the same vein
2	the same vein
2	same vein
2	as the brilliance of Animal House
3	the brilliance of Animal House
2	the brilliance
3	of Animal House
2	Animal House
2	but instead comes closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel .
0	instead comes closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel .
1	instead comes closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel
0	comes closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel
1	closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel
1	to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel
1	the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel
2	the failure
2	of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel
1	the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel
2	the third Revenge
2	third Revenge
2	of the Nerds sequel
2	the Nerds sequel
2	Nerds sequel
0	Unfortunately , Kapur modernizes A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare .
2	, Kapur modernizes A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare .
1	Kapur modernizes A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare .
3	modernizes A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare .
1	modernizes A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare
1	A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare
2	A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers ''
2	A.E.W. Mason 's
2	Mason 's
3	story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers ''
2	to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers ''
2	suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers ''
2	the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers ''
2	the sensibilities
2	of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers ''
2	a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers ''
3	a young American ,
2	a young American
3	young American
2	a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers ''
2	a decision
2	that plucks `` The Four Feathers ''
2	plucks `` The Four Feathers ''
2	`` The Four Feathers ''
2	The Four Feathers ''
2	The Four Feathers
2	Four Feathers
0	... what a banal bore the preachy Circuit turns out to be
0	what a banal bore the preachy Circuit turns out to be
2	a banal bore the preachy Circuit turns out to be
1	banal bore the preachy Circuit turns out to be
1	banal bore
2	the preachy Circuit turns out to be
1	the preachy
2	Circuit turns out to be
2	turns out to be
2	turns out
2	to be
1	Falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice .
2	pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice .
1	pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice
2	pile up ,
2	pile up
0	undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice
1	undermining the movie 's reality and
2	undermining the movie 's reality
2	the movie 's reality
2	the movie 's
2	movie 's
2	stifling its creator 's comic voice
3	its creator 's comic voice
2	its creator 's
2	creator 's
3	comic voice
0	A mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic Jackie Chan to even younger audiences .
1	A mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic Jackie Chan to even younger audiences
2	A mechanical action-comedy
2	mechanical action-comedy
2	whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic Jackie Chan to even younger audiences
2	whose seeming purpose
2	whose seeming
2	is to market the charismatic Jackie Chan to even younger audiences
2	to market the charismatic Jackie Chan to even younger audiences
2	market the charismatic Jackie Chan to even younger audiences
3	the charismatic Jackie Chan to even younger audiences
3	the charismatic Jackie Chan to
3	the charismatic Jackie Chan
3	charismatic Jackie Chan
2	Jackie Chan
2	even younger audiences
2	younger audiences
0	One of the most incoherent features in recent memory .
3	One of the most incoherent
2	of the most incoherent
1	the most incoherent
0	most incoherent
2	features in recent memory .
2	features in recent memory
2	in recent memory
2	recent memory
1	Low rent from frame one .
2	rent from frame one .
2	rent from frame one
2	from frame one
3	frame one
1	Eight Legged Freaks ?
2	Legged Freaks ?
1	Legged Freaks
2	No big hairy deal .
2	big hairy deal .
2	hairy deal .
2	deal .
0	The issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care .
2	The issues
0	are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care .
1	are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care
0	presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care
1	in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care
1	such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care
2	such a lousy way ,
0	such a lousy way
2	a lousy way
1	lousy way
2	complete with some of the year 's -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care
2	with some of the year 's -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care
1	some of the year 's -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care
2	of the year 's -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care
2	the year 's -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care
2	the year 's -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments ,
3	the year 's -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments
2	the year 's
2	year 's
3	-LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments
2	-LRB- unintentionally -RRB-
2	unintentionally -RRB-
3	funniest moments
1	that it 's impossible to care
1	it 's impossible to care
1	's impossible to care
2	impossible to care
2	to care
1	Laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .
1	Laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany
2	Laggard drama
1	wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany
2	wending its way
2	its way
2	to an uninspired philosophical epiphany
1	an uninspired philosophical epiphany
2	uninspired philosophical epiphany
1	uninspired philosophical
2	The respective charms of Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant have worn threadbare .
3	The respective charms of Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant
2	The respective charms
3	respective charms
2	of Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant
2	Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant
1	Sandra Bullock and
2	Sandra Bullock
2	Hugh Grant
0	have worn threadbare .
2	have worn threadbare
1	worn threadbare
0	` This movie sucks . '
1	This movie sucks . '
2	This movie
0	sucks . '
0	sucks .
1	None of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if Woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .
2	None of this so-called satire
1	of this so-called satire
1	this so-called satire
1	so-called satire
2	has any sting to it , as if Woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .
2	has any sting to it , as if Woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him
2	has any sting to it ,
3	has any sting to it
2	has any sting
2	any sting
2	to it
2	as if Woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him
2	if Woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him
2	Woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him
2	is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him
2	afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him
1	of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him
2	biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him
3	the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him
2	the hand
3	that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him
3	has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him
2	has finally , to some extent ,
2	finally , to some extent ,
2	, to some extent ,
2	to some extent ,
2	to some extent
2	some extent
3	warmed up to him
2	warmed up
2	to him
3	A few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater .
2	A few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater
2	A few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but
3	A few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed ,
2	A few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed
2	A few nonbelievers
3	few nonbelievers
3	may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed
3	rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed
2	rethink their attitudes
2	their attitudes
3	when they see the joy the characters take in this creed
3	they see the joy the characters take in this creed
2	see the joy the characters take in this creed
3	the joy the characters take in this creed
2	the joy
2	the characters take in this creed
2	the characters
2	take in this creed
2	in this creed
2	this creed
2	skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater
2	are n't likely to enter the theater
1	are n't
2	likely to enter the theater
2	to enter the theater
2	enter the theater
2	the theater
2	Bad in such a bizarre way that it 's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste .
0	Bad in such a bizarre way
2	in such a bizarre way
2	such a bizarre way
2	a bizarre way
2	bizarre way
2	that it 's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste .
3	that it 's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste
3	it 's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste
3	's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste
2	's almost worth seeing ,
2	's almost worth seeing
2	's almost worth
2	almost worth
2	if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste
2	if only
2	to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste
3	witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste
2	the crazy confluence of purpose and taste
2	the crazy confluence
1	crazy confluence
3	of purpose and taste
3	purpose and taste
2	purpose and
1	There 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .
2	's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .
1	's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie
1	more repetition than creativity throughout the movie
1	more repetition than creativity
2	repetition than creativity
2	than creativity
2	throughout the movie
2	the movie
3	Hugh Grant 's act is so consuming that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .
2	Hugh Grant 's act
2	Hugh Grant 's
2	Grant 's
2	is so consuming that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .
2	is so consuming that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are
2	is so
2	consuming that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are
1	that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are
1	sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are
2	it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are
1	's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are
1	difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are
2	to tell who the other actors in the movie are
2	tell who the other actors in the movie are
2	who the other actors in the movie are
2	the other actors in the movie are
2	the other actors in the movie
2	the other actors
2	other actors
2	in the movie
2	the movie
0	Although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
2	Although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original
2	the sequel has all the outward elements of the original
2	the sequel
3	has all the outward elements of the original
3	all the outward elements of the original
2	all the outward elements
2	the outward elements
2	outward elements
2	of the original
3	the original
1	, the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
2	the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
2	the first film 's lovely flakiness
2	the first film 's
2	first film 's
2	film 's
3	lovely flakiness
0	is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
1	is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks
0	gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks
2	gone ,
0	replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks
1	by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks
1	the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks
2	the forced funniness
1	forced funniness
2	found in the dullest kiddie flicks
1	in the dullest kiddie flicks
0	the dullest kiddie flicks
0	dullest kiddie flicks
2	kiddie flicks
1	I 've had more interesting -- and , dare I say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
0	've had more interesting -- and , dare I say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
1	've had more interesting -- and , dare I say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
0	had more interesting -- and , dare I say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
0	more interesting -- and , dare I say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
4	more interesting -- and , dare I say ,
3	more interesting -- and
3	more interesting --
3	more interesting
2	, dare I say ,
2	dare I say ,
2	dare I say
2	I say
2	thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
3	thematically complex
0	-- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
0	bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
2	bowel movements
1	than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
1	this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
2	this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise
2	long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise
2	, point-and-shoot exercise
2	point-and-shoot exercise
2	in gimmicky crime drama
2	gimmicky crime drama
1	crime drama
2	What we get ... is Caddyshack crossed with the Loyal Order of Raccoons .
3	What we get ... is Caddyshack crossed with the Loyal Order of Raccoons
2	What we get ...
2	What we get
2	we get
2	is Caddyshack crossed with the Loyal Order of Raccoons
3	is Caddyshack
2	crossed with the Loyal Order of Raccoons
2	with the Loyal Order of Raccoons
2	the Loyal Order of Raccoons
2	the Loyal Order
2	Loyal Order
2	of Raccoons
0	The jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .
1	The jokes are flat , and the action looks fake
2	The jokes are flat , and
0	The jokes are flat ,
1	The jokes are flat
2	The jokes
1	are flat
1	the action looks fake
2	the action
1	looks fake
1	When a movie asks you to feel sorry for Mick Jagger 's sex life , it already has one strike against it .
1	When a movie asks you to feel sorry for Mick Jagger 's sex life
2	a movie asks you to feel sorry for Mick Jagger 's sex life
2	a movie
1	asks you to feel sorry for Mick Jagger 's sex life
2	you to feel sorry for Mick Jagger 's sex life
1	to feel sorry for Mick Jagger 's sex life
1	feel sorry for Mick Jagger 's sex life
1	feel sorry
2	for Mick Jagger 's sex life
2	Mick Jagger 's sex life
2	Mick Jagger 's
2	Jagger 's
2	sex life
1	, it already has one strike against it .
1	it already has one strike against it .
2	already has one strike against it .
2	has one strike against it .
1	has one strike against it
1	one strike against it
1	one strike
2	against it
0	There are now two signs that M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : Unbreakable and Signs .
2	are now two signs that M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : Unbreakable and Signs .
2	are now two signs that M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : Unbreakable and Signs
2	are now
1	two signs that M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : Unbreakable and Signs
2	two signs that M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema :
1	two signs that M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema
2	two signs
2	that M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema
1	M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema
2	M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature
2	M. Night Shyamalan 's
2	Night Shyamalan 's
2	Shyamalan 's
2	debut feature
2	sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema
1	sucked up all
2	up all
2	he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema
2	has to give to the mystic genres of cinema
2	to give to the mystic genres of cinema
2	give to the mystic genres of cinema
2	to the mystic genres of cinema
2	the mystic genres of cinema
2	the mystic genres
2	mystic genres
2	of cinema
2	Unbreakable and Signs
2	Unbreakable and
1	... hokey art house pretension .
2	hokey art house pretension .
1	art house pretension .
2	house pretension .
2	pretension .
0	... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .
0	a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .
1	a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off
1	a weak and ineffective ghost story
1	weak and ineffective ghost story
0	weak and ineffective
1	weak and
2	ghost story
0	without a conclusion or pay off
2	a conclusion or pay off
2	a conclusion or
2	a conclusion
2	pay off
1	Gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or laugh .
2	Gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or laugh
1	Gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or
1	Gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek
2	Gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks
3	Gussied up
1	with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks
0	so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks
2	so many
1	distracting special effects and visual party tricks
2	special effects and visual party tricks
2	effects and visual party tricks
2	and visual party tricks
2	visual party tricks
2	party tricks
1	that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek
1	it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek
1	's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek
1	's not clear
2	's not
1	whether we 're supposed to shriek
2	we 're supposed to shriek
3	're supposed to shriek
2	supposed to shriek
2	to shriek
0	Plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
0	, poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
1	poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
0	poorly written , murky and weakly acted
1	poorly written
1	, murky and weakly acted
2	murky and weakly acted
1	and weakly acted
2	weakly acted
0	, the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
2	the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
2	the picture
0	feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
1	feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo
1	as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo
2	if everyone making it lost their movie mojo
2	everyone making it lost their movie mojo
3	everyone making it
2	making it
1	lost their movie mojo
2	their movie mojo
2	movie mojo
0	This is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .
1	is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .
0	is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life
1	a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life
1	a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions --
1	a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions
0	a fudged opportunity
1	fudged opportunity
2	of gigantic proportions
3	gigantic proportions
1	a lunar mission with no signs of life
2	a lunar mission
2	lunar mission
1	with no signs of life
1	no signs of life
2	no signs
2	of life
1	A baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside Danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the Bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative .
1	A baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside Danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the Bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative
1	A baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside Danish cows falls flat , and
2	A baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside Danish cows falls flat ,
2	A baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside Danish cows falls flat
1	A baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside Danish cows
1	A baffling subplot
2	baffling subplot
2	involving smuggling drugs inside Danish cows
2	smuggling drugs inside Danish cows
2	smuggling drugs
2	inside Danish cows
3	Danish cows
1	falls flat
2	if you 're going to alter the Bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative
2	if you 're going to alter the Bard 's ending
2	you 're going to alter the Bard 's ending
2	're going to alter the Bard 's ending
2	going to alter the Bard 's ending
2	to alter the Bard 's ending
2	alter the Bard 's ending
2	the Bard 's ending
2	the Bard 's
2	Bard 's
1	, you 'd better have a good alternative
2	you 'd better have a good alternative
2	'd better have a good alternative
2	'd better
2	have a good alternative
3	a good alternative
3	good alternative
2	Soderbergh seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable .
2	seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable .
1	seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable
2	capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable
2	capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries
1	capable only of delivering
2	capable only of
2	only of
3	artfully lighted , earnest inquiries
3	artfully lighted
2	, earnest inquiries
3	earnest inquiries
1	that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable
1	lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable
2	the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable
3	the kind of genuine depth
2	the kind
3	of genuine depth
4	genuine depth
2	that would make them redeemable
2	would make them redeemable
2	make them redeemable
2	them redeemable
0	The only thing that distinguishes a Randall Wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film .
2	The only thing that distinguishes a Randall Wallace film from any other
2	The only thing
2	only thing
2	that distinguishes a Randall Wallace film from any other
2	distinguishes a Randall Wallace film from any other
2	a Randall Wallace film from any other
2	a Randall Wallace film
2	Randall Wallace film
2	Wallace film
2	from any other
2	any other
1	is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film .
0	is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film
2	is the fact
2	the fact
1	that there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film
1	there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film
1	is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film
1	nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film
1	nothing distinguishing
2	in a Randall Wallace film
2	a Randall Wallace film
2	Randall Wallace film
2	Wallace film
1	Silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another .
1	Silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another
2	Silly stuff ,
1	Silly stuff
1	all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another
1	mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another
1	mixed up together like a term paper
2	mixed up together
1	mixed up
1	like a term paper
1	a term paper
2	term paper
2	from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another
1	a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another
2	a kid
1	who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another
1	ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another
2	ca n't quite
2	ca n't
3	distinguish one sci-fi work from another
3	distinguish one sci-fi work
2	one sci-fi work
2	sci-fi work
2	from another
2	There is so much plodding sensitivity .
2	is so much plodding sensitivity .
1	is so much plodding sensitivity
2	is so much
2	so much
2	plodding sensitivity
1	The town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .
1	The town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial
3	The town has kind of an authentic feel , but
3	The town has kind of an authentic feel ,
3	The town has kind of an authentic feel
2	The town
3	has kind of an authentic feel
3	kind of an authentic feel
3	of an authentic feel
3	an authentic feel
3	authentic feel
1	each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial
3	each one of these people stand out and
3	each one of these people stand out
2	each one of these people
2	each one
2	of these people
2	these people
3	stand out
0	everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial
2	everybody else is in the background and
3	everybody else is in the background
2	everybody else
2	is in the background
2	in the background
2	the background
1	it just seems manufactured to me and artificial
2	just seems manufactured to me and artificial
1	seems manufactured to me and artificial
1	manufactured to me and artificial
2	to me and artificial
2	me and artificial
2	me and
1	... too sappy for its own good .
1	too sappy for its own good .
1	too sappy for its own good
1	too sappy
2	for its own good
3	its own good
2	own good
2	Circuit queens wo n't learn a thing , they 'll be too busy cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets .
2	Circuit queens wo n't learn a thing
2	Circuit queens
2	wo n't learn a thing
2	wo n't
2	learn a thing
2	a thing
1	, they 'll be too busy cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets .
1	they 'll be too busy cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets .
1	'll be too busy cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets .
2	'll be too busy cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets
1	be too busy cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets
2	be too busy
1	too busy
1	cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets
2	the film 's strategically placed white sheets
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	strategically placed white sheets
2	strategically placed
2	white sheets
4	As an actress , Madonna is one helluva singer .
2	As an actress
3	an actress
4	, Madonna is one helluva singer .
4	Madonna is one helluva singer .
4	is one helluva singer .
3	is one helluva singer
4	one helluva singer
3	helluva singer
1	As the Mediterranean sparkles , ` Swept Away ' sinks .
3	As the Mediterranean sparkles
3	the Mediterranean sparkles
3	Mediterranean sparkles
1	, ` Swept Away ' sinks .
0	` Swept Away ' sinks .
3	` Swept Away '
3	Swept Away '
2	Away '
1	sinks .
1	Every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .
2	Every so often a film
2	so often a film
2	so often a
2	so often
1	comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .
1	comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy
2	comes along
1	that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy
1	is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy
0	is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways
0	so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways
0	so insanely stupid , so awful
1	so insanely stupid ,
0	so insanely stupid
0	insanely stupid
1	so awful
2	in so many ways
2	so many ways
2	so many
3	that watching it leaves you giddy
3	watching it leaves you giddy
2	watching it
3	leaves you giddy
2	you giddy
4	Half Past Dead is just such an achievement .
2	Half Past Dead
2	Past Dead
3	is just such an achievement .
3	is just such an achievement
2	is just
4	such an achievement
4	an achievement
2	Expanded to 65 minutes for theatrical release , it still feels somewhat unfinished .
2	Expanded to 65 minutes for theatrical release
2	to 65 minutes for theatrical release
2	65 minutes for theatrical release
2	65 minutes
2	for theatrical release
2	theatrical release
1	, it still feels somewhat unfinished .
1	it still feels somewhat unfinished .
1	still feels somewhat unfinished .
1	feels somewhat unfinished .
1	feels somewhat unfinished
1	somewhat unfinished
1	It all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .
0	all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .
1	looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .
1	looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer
2	looks and plays
2	looks and
2	like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer
1	a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer
1	a $ 40 million version of a game
2	a $ 40 million version
2	$ 40 million version
2	$ 40 million
2	$ 40
2	of a game
2	a game
1	you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer
1	're more likely to enjoy on a computer
2	more likely to enjoy on a computer
2	likely to enjoy on a computer
2	to enjoy on a computer
2	enjoy on a computer
2	on a computer
2	a computer
2	-LRB- Javier Bardem is -RRB- one of the few reasons to watch the film , which director Gerardo Vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama .
2	Javier Bardem is -RRB- one of the few reasons to watch the film , which director Gerardo Vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama .
2	Javier Bardem
2	is -RRB- one of the few reasons to watch the film , which director Gerardo Vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama .
3	is -RRB- one of the few reasons to watch the film , which director Gerardo Vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama
2	is -RRB-
2	one of the few reasons to watch the film , which director Gerardo Vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama
2	one of the few
2	of the few
2	the few
3	reasons to watch the film , which director Gerardo Vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama
2	to watch the film , which director Gerardo Vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama
3	watch the film , which director Gerardo Vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama
3	the film , which director Gerardo Vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama
2	the film ,
2	the film
2	which director Gerardo Vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama
2	director Gerardo Vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama
2	director Gerardo Vera
2	Gerardo Vera
1	has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama
1	drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama
2	in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama
3	swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama
2	swoony music and
2	swoony music
3	fever-pitched melodrama
1	Feels shrill , simple and soapy .
3	shrill , simple and soapy .
2	shrill , simple and soapy
3	, simple and soapy
3	simple and soapy
2	simple and
1	Adults , other than the parents ... will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild .
3	Adults , other than the parents ...
2	Adults , other than the parents
2	Adults , other
2	Adults ,
2	than the parents
3	the parents
2	will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild .
2	will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild
1	be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild
1	hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild
2	pressed to succumb to the call of the wild
2	pressed to succumb
2	to succumb
2	to the call of the wild
3	the call of the wild
2	the call
2	of the wild
2	the wild
2	Brady achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors ... by shoving them into every clichéd white-trash situation imaginable .
0	achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors ... by shoving them into every clichéd white-trash situation imaginable .
2	achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors ... by shoving them into every clichéd white-trash situation imaginable
2	achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors ...
0	achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors
3	achieves the remarkable feat
3	the remarkable feat
4	remarkable feat
1	of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors
1	squandering a topnotch foursome of actors
3	a topnotch foursome of actors
4	a topnotch foursome
3	topnotch foursome
2	of actors
1	by shoving them into every clichéd white-trash situation imaginable
1	shoving them into every clichéd white-trash situation imaginable
2	shoving them
1	into every clichéd white-trash situation imaginable
1	every clichéd white-trash situation imaginable
1	clichéd white-trash situation imaginable
2	white-trash situation imaginable
2	situation imaginable
1	In the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , The Emperor 's Club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
3	In the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick
2	the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick
2	the name
3	of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick
3	an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick
2	allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick
3	allegedly inspiring and easily marketable
3	allegedly inspiring and
2	allegedly inspiring
3	easily marketable
1	, The Emperor 's Club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
1	The Emperor 's Club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
2	The Emperor 's Club
2	The Emperor 's
2	Emperor 's
1	turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
1	turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach
1	turns a blind eye
2	a blind eye
2	blind eye
2	to the very history it pretends to teach
2	the very history it pretends to teach
2	the very history
2	very history
2	it pretends to teach
2	pretends to teach
2	to teach
1	No amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas .
2	No amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers
2	No amount
2	of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers
2	blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers
2	blood and
2	disintegrating vampire cadavers
2	vampire cadavers
1	can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas .
1	can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas
1	obscure this movie 's lack of ideas
0	this movie 's lack of ideas
2	this movie 's lack
2	this movie 's
2	movie 's
2	of ideas
2	A direct-to-void release , heading nowhere .
0	A direct-to-void release , heading nowhere
1	A direct-to-void release ,
1	direct-to-void release ,
2	release ,
2	heading nowhere
1	Typical animé , with cheapo animation -LRB- like Saturday morning TV in the '60s -RRB- , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and Japanese names .
2	Typical animé
2	, with cheapo animation -LRB- like Saturday morning TV in the '60s -RRB- , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and Japanese names .
1	with cheapo animation -LRB- like Saturday morning TV in the '60s -RRB- , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and Japanese names .
1	with cheapo animation -LRB- like Saturday morning TV in the '60s -RRB- , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and Japanese names
1	cheapo animation -LRB- like Saturday morning TV in the '60s -RRB- , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and Japanese names
2	cheapo animation -LRB- like Saturday morning TV in the '60s -RRB- , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and
2	cheapo animation -LRB- like Saturday morning TV in the '60s -RRB- , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot
1	cheapo animation -LRB- like Saturday morning TV in the '60s -RRB- ,
1	cheapo animation -LRB- like Saturday morning TV in the '60s -RRB-
1	cheapo animation
3	-LRB- like Saturday morning TV in the '60s -RRB-
2	like Saturday morning TV in the '60s -RRB-
1	like Saturday morning TV in the '60s
2	Saturday morning TV in the '60s
2	Saturday morning TV
2	morning TV
2	in the '60s
2	the '60s
2	a complex sword-and-sorcery plot
2	complex sword-and-sorcery plot
3	sword-and-sorcery plot
2	characters who all have big round eyes and Japanese names
2	who all have big round eyes and Japanese names
2	all have big round eyes and Japanese names
2	have big round eyes and Japanese names
2	big round eyes and Japanese names
3	big round eyes and
2	big round eyes
2	round eyes
2	Japanese names
0	Below is well below expectations .
0	is well below expectations .
1	is well below expectations
3	is well
3	below expectations
2	At no point during K-19 : The Widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot .
2	At no point during K-19
2	no point during K-19
1	no point
2	during K-19
2	: The Widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot .
2	The Widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot .
2	The Widowmaker
2	did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot .
1	did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot
2	this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot
3	this viewer
2	feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot
1	enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot
2	enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never
3	in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never
2	a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never
2	a story
2	that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never
2	that ,
1	though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never
3	meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never
3	to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never
2	be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never
3	be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal ,
4	be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal
3	be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication
3	universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication
2	in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication
3	its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication
2	its themes
3	of loyalty , courage and dedication
3	loyalty , courage and dedication
3	, courage and dedication
3	courage and dedication
3	courage and
2	to a common goal
2	a common goal
2	common goal
2	seems to leave the lot
2	to leave the lot
2	leave the lot
2	the lot
3	... standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .
1	standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .
2	standard guns versus martial arts
2	standard guns
2	versus martial arts
3	martial arts
1	cliche with little new added .
2	cliche with little new added
2	with little new added
2	little new added
2	little new
1	Empire ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .
2	ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .
1	ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film
2	ca n't
1	make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film
2	make up its mind
2	make up
3	its mind
2	whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film
2	it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film
2	wants to be a gangster flick or an art film
2	to be a gangster flick or an art film
2	be a gangster flick or an art film
2	a gangster flick or an art film
2	a gangster flick or
2	a gangster flick
2	gangster flick
2	an art film
2	art film
0	It does n't work as either .
1	does n't work as either .
1	does n't work as either
1	does n't
2	work as either
2	as either
0	Given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube .
1	Given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it
1	the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it
2	the fact
0	that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it
0	virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it
1	virtually no one
2	no one
2	is bound to show up at theatres for it
3	bound to show up at theatres for it
2	to show up at theatres for it
2	show up at theatres for it
2	show up
2	at theatres for it
2	theatres for it
2	for it
1	, the project should have been made for the tube .
1	the project should have been made for the tube .
2	the project
1	should have been made for the tube .
1	should have been made for the tube
2	have been made for the tube
2	been made for the tube
1	made for the tube
1	for the tube
2	the tube
2	Possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure .
1	is in the end an honorable , interesting failure .
1	is in the end an honorable , interesting failure
1	in the end an honorable , interesting failure
1	the end an honorable , interesting failure
2	the end
1	an honorable , interesting failure
1	honorable , interesting failure
1	, interesting failure
1	interesting failure
3	It falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose .
3	It falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose
1	It falls far short of poetry , but
1	It falls far short of poetry ,
1	It falls far short of poetry
1	falls far short of poetry
0	falls far short
1	far short
2	of poetry
3	it 's not bad prose
3	's not bad prose
2	's not
1	bad prose
3	Jonathan Parker 's Bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .
2	Jonathan Parker 's Bartleby
2	Jonathan Parker 's
2	Parker 's
1	should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .
2	should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films
2	have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films
2	been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films
3	the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films
2	the be-all-end-all
2	of the modern-office anomie films
2	the modern-office anomie films
2	modern-office anomie films
2	anomie films
1	There may have been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day , '' but it is not what is on the screen .
0	There may have been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day , '' but it is not what is on the screen
1	There may have been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day , '' but
1	There may have been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day , ''
2	There may have been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day ,
2	There may have been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day
1	may have been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day
2	have been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day
3	been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day
4	a good film in `` Trouble Every Day
3	a good film
4	good film
2	in `` Trouble Every Day
2	in ``
2	Trouble Every Day
2	Every Day
2	it is not what is on the screen
2	is not what is on the screen
1	is not
2	what is on the screen
2	is on the screen
2	on the screen
2	the screen
1	Unfortunately , Carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg .
2	, Carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg .
0	Carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg .
2	Carvey 's rubber-face routine
2	Carvey 's
1	rubber-face routine
2	is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg .
1	is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg
1	no match for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg
2	no match
1	for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg
2	the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg
0	the insipid script
0	insipid script
2	he has crafted with Harris Goldberg
2	has crafted with Harris Goldberg
2	crafted with Harris Goldberg
2	with Harris Goldberg
2	Harris Goldberg
2	Viewed as a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or a drama , there 's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture .
3	Viewed as a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or a drama
3	as a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or a drama
2	a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or a drama
2	a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or
3	a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale ,
3	a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale
3	a comedy , a romance ,
3	a comedy , a romance
2	a comedy ,
2	a comedy
2	a romance
3	a fairy tale
2	fairy tale
2	a drama
0	, there 's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture .
0	there 's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture .
0	's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture .
2	's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture
2	's nothing
3	remotely triumphant about this motion picture
3	triumphant about this motion picture
2	about this motion picture
2	this motion picture
2	motion picture
1	There 's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .
1	's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .
2	's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties
2	's something unintentionally
2	something unintentionally
2	comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties
3	in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties
1	the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties
2	the film 's drumbeat about authenticity ,
2	the film 's drumbeat about authenticity
2	the film 's drumbeat
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	about authenticity
0	given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties
2	given the stale plot and pornographic way
1	the stale plot and pornographic way
0	stale plot and pornographic way
1	plot and pornographic way
2	and pornographic way
2	pornographic way
2	the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties
2	the film revels
2	film revels
3	in swank apartments , clothes and parties
2	swank apartments , clothes and parties
2	apartments , clothes and parties
2	, clothes and parties
2	clothes and parties
2	clothes and
2	The Master of Disguise is funny -- not `` ha ha '' funny , `` dead circus performer '' funny .
1	The Master of Disguise is funny -- not `` ha ha '' funny , `` dead circus performer '' funny
0	The Master of Disguise is funny -- not
3	The Master of Disguise is funny --
4	The Master of Disguise is funny
2	The Master of Disguise
2	The Master
2	of Disguise
3	is funny
2	`` ha ha '' funny , `` dead circus performer '' funny
2	`` ha ha ''
2	ha ha ''
2	ha ''
3	funny , `` dead circus performer '' funny
1	, `` dead circus performer '' funny
2	`` dead circus performer '' funny
2	dead circus performer '' funny
2	circus performer '' funny
3	performer '' funny
4	'' funny
1	And for all the wrong reasons besides .
1	for all the wrong reasons besides .
2	for all the
2	all the
2	wrong reasons besides .
1	wrong reasons
2	besides .
1	A zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking Morlocks .
1	A zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking Morlocks
3	A zippy 96 minutes
2	A zippy
2	96 minutes
2	of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking Morlocks
2	mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking Morlocks
2	mediocre special effects ,
1	mediocre special effects
2	special effects
1	hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking Morlocks
0	hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all --
1	hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and
2	hoary dialogue , fluxing accents ,
1	hoary dialogue , fluxing accents
1	hoary dialogue ,
2	hoary dialogue
2	fluxing accents
1	-- worst of all --
1	worst of all --
2	worst of all
2	of all
1	silly-looking Morlocks
0	A 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .
1	A 75-minute sample of puerile
2	A 75-minute sample
2	75-minute sample
1	of puerile
0	rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .
1	rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor
1	that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor
0	is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor
0	is listless , witless , and devoid of anything
0	listless , witless , and devoid of anything
0	listless , witless , and
0	listless , witless ,
1	listless , witless
2	listless ,
2	devoid of anything
2	of anything
3	resembling humor
1	You leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .
1	leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .
3	leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing
2	feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing
2	like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing
3	you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing
2	've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing
2	endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing
2	endured a long workout
2	a long workout
3	long workout
1	without your pulse ever racing
3	your pulse ever racing
2	your pulse
2	ever racing
0	The waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .
1	The waterlogged script
1	waterlogged script
0	plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .
0	plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter
0	uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter
4	uncharted depths
0	of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter
1	stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter
0	stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric
3	, incoherence and sub-sophomoric
1	incoherence and sub-sophomoric
1	incoherence and
2	sexual banter
1	With McConaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and Bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
1	With McConaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and Bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids
2	McConaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and Bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids
1	in an entirely irony-free zone and Bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids
1	an entirely irony-free zone and Bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids
2	an entirely irony-free zone and
2	an entirely irony-free zone
3	entirely irony-free zone
3	entirely irony-free
1	Bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids
2	reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids
2	reduced mainly
2	to batting his sensitive eyelids
2	batting his sensitive eyelids
2	his sensitive eyelids
2	sensitive eyelids
0	, there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
0	there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
1	's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
1	's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd
2	's not
4	enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd
2	enough intelligence , wit or innovation
3	intelligence , wit or innovation
2	, wit or innovation
3	wit or innovation
2	wit or
2	on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd
3	the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd
2	screen to attract and sustain an older crowd
2	to attract and sustain an older crowd
3	attract and sustain an older crowd
2	attract and sustain
2	attract and
2	an older crowd
2	older crowd
2	It 's the type of stunt the Academy loves : a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film .
1	It 's the type of stunt the Academy loves : a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film
2	It 's the type of stunt the Academy loves :
3	It 's the type of stunt the Academy loves
2	's the type of stunt the Academy loves
2	the type of stunt the Academy loves
2	the type of stunt
2	the type
2	of stunt
3	the Academy loves
2	the Academy
2	a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film
3	a powerful political message
3	powerful political message
2	political message
1	stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film
1	into an otherwise mediocre film
2	an otherwise mediocre film
1	otherwise mediocre film
1	otherwise mediocre
1	In theory , a middle-aged romance pairing Clayburgh and Tambor sounds promising , but in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .
2	In theory , a middle-aged romance pairing Clayburgh and Tambor sounds promising , but in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life
2	In theory , a middle-aged romance pairing Clayburgh and Tambor sounds promising , but
3	In theory , a middle-aged romance pairing Clayburgh and Tambor sounds promising ,
3	In theory , a middle-aged romance pairing Clayburgh and Tambor sounds promising
2	In theory
2	, a middle-aged romance pairing Clayburgh and Tambor sounds promising
3	a middle-aged romance pairing Clayburgh and Tambor sounds promising
3	a middle-aged romance pairing Clayburgh and Tambor
3	a middle-aged romance
2	middle-aged romance
3	pairing Clayburgh and Tambor
2	Clayburgh and Tambor
2	Clayburgh and
3	sounds promising
1	in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life
2	in practice
0	it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life
0	's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life
0	something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life
3	something else altogether -- clownish and
2	something else altogether -- clownish
2	something else altogether --
2	something else altogether
2	something else
0	offensive and nothing at all like real life
2	offensive and nothing
1	offensive and
2	at all like real life
2	all like real life
3	like real life
2	real life
1	So mind-numbingly awful that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .
0	mind-numbingly awful that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .
0	mind-numbingly awful that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies
1	mind-numbingly awful that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as
1	mind-numbingly awful
1	that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as
2	you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as
1	hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as
2	Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as
2	wo n't do it one more time , as far as
2	wo n't
2	do it one more time , as far as
2	do it
2	one more time , as far as
2	one more time
2	more time
2	, as far as
2	as far as
2	far as
2	are concerned .
2	are concerned
2	The images are usually abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness and telegraphed pathos , particularly where Whitaker 's misfit artist is concerned .
2	The images
1	are usually abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness and telegraphed pathos , particularly where Whitaker 's misfit artist is concerned .
2	are usually abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness and telegraphed pathos , particularly where Whitaker 's misfit artist is concerned
2	are usually abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness and
2	are usually abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness
3	are usually
1	abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness
1	in favor of mushy obviousness
2	favor of mushy obviousness
1	of mushy obviousness
2	mushy obviousness
2	telegraphed pathos , particularly where Whitaker 's misfit artist is concerned
2	telegraphed pathos , particularly
2	telegraphed pathos ,
2	telegraphed pathos
2	where Whitaker 's misfit artist is concerned
2	Whitaker 's misfit artist is concerned
2	Whitaker 's misfit artist
2	Whitaker 's
1	misfit artist
2	is concerned
1	If Welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
2	If Welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two
2	Welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two
2	was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two
1	unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two
2	at the prospect of the human race splitting in two
2	the prospect of the human race splitting in two
2	the prospect
2	of the human race splitting in two
1	the human race splitting in two
2	the human race splitting
2	human race splitting
3	race splitting
2	in two
2	, he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
1	he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
2	probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
3	would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
2	would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way
2	would n't
2	be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way
2	too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way
2	crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way
2	with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way
2	his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way
2	his great-grandson 's
2	great-grandson 's
2	movie splitting up in pretty much the same way
2	splitting up in pretty much the same way
2	splitting up
2	in pretty much the same way
2	pretty much the same way
2	pretty much
2	the same way
2	same way
0	Sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and Judaism back at least 50 .
2	animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and Judaism back at least 50 .
1	animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and Judaism back at least 50
1	animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and
2	animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years
1	animation back 30 years ,
1	animation back 30 years
2	animation back
2	30 years
3	musicals back 40 years
3	musicals back
2	40 years
2	Judaism back at least 50
2	back at least 50
2	at least 50
2	at least
1	Weirdly , Broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
1	, Broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
1	Broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
1	Broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car
2	Broomfield has compelling new material but
3	Broomfield has compelling new material
3	has compelling new material
3	compelling new material
2	new material
3	he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car
2	does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car
1	does n't
1	unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car
2	unveil it until the end ,
2	unveil it until the end
2	unveil it
2	until the end
2	the end
2	after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car
2	endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car
2	endless scenes
1	of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car
2	him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car
2	wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car
2	wheedling reluctant witnesses and
1	wheedling reluctant witnesses
2	reluctant witnesses
1	pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car
2	pointing his camera
2	his camera
2	through the smeared windshield of his rental car
2	the smeared windshield of his rental car
2	the smeared windshield
2	smeared windshield
3	of his rental car
3	his rental car
2	rental car
2	Might best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper .
1	best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper .
3	be enjoyed as a daytime soaper .
3	be enjoyed as a daytime soaper
2	enjoyed as a daytime soaper
2	as a daytime soaper
2	a daytime soaper
1	daytime soaper
3	eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .
3	arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .
3	arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation
2	arrives at
3	its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation
3	its heart ,
3	its heart
3	as simple self-reflection meditation
2	as simple
2	self-reflection meditation
3	A showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor Michel Serrault , the film is less successful on other levels .
4	A showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor Michel Serrault , the film
3	A showcase
4	for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor Michel Serrault , the film
2	for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and
3	for both the scenic splendor of the mountains
3	both the scenic splendor of the mountains
3	both the scenic splendor
4	the scenic splendor
3	scenic splendor
2	of the mountains
2	the mountains
2	for legendary actor Michel Serrault , the film
2	legendary actor Michel Serrault , the film
2	legendary actor Michel Serrault ,
3	legendary actor Michel Serrault
3	actor Michel Serrault
2	Michel Serrault
2	the film
2	is less successful on other levels .
1	is less successful on other levels
2	less successful on other levels
3	successful on other levels
3	on other levels
2	other levels
2	Boy oh boy , it 's a howler .
2	oh boy , it 's a howler .
2	oh boy
3	, it 's a howler .
2	it 's a howler .
2	's a howler .
3	's a howler
2	a howler
1	A few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks .
2	A few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it
2	A few pieces
2	few pieces
1	of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it
1	the film buzz and whir ; very little of it
2	the film buzz and whir ; very little
3	the film buzz and whir ;
3	the film buzz and whir
3	film buzz and whir
2	buzz and whir
2	buzz and
2	very little
2	of it
3	actually clicks .
2	clicks .
0	The thing just never gets off the ground .
2	The thing
0	just never gets off the ground .
0	never gets off the ground .
2	never gets off the ground
2	gets off the ground
2	gets off
2	the ground
1	... contains very few laughs and even less surprises .
0	contains very few laughs and even less surprises .
0	contains very few laughs and even less surprises
0	very few laughs and even less surprises
2	very few laughs and
2	very few laughs
2	very few
1	even less surprises
2	even less
1	The actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .
2	The actors
3	must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .
1	must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face
3	must indeed
2	be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face
2	good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face
2	to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face
3	recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face
1	recite some of this laughable dialogue
1	some of this laughable dialogue
3	of this laughable dialogue
3	this laughable dialogue
1	laughable dialogue
2	with a straight face
3	a straight face
2	straight face
0	Most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .
2	Most of the storylines
2	of the storylines
2	the storylines
1	feel like time fillers between surf shots .
1	feel like time fillers between surf shots
1	like time fillers between surf shots
1	time fillers between surf shots
2	time fillers
2	between surf shots
2	surf shots
2	The movie is n't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave .
2	The movie is n't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave
1	The movie is n't horrible , but
2	The movie is n't horrible ,
2	The movie is n't horrible
2	The movie
3	is n't horrible
1	is n't
1	you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave
1	can see mediocre cresting on the next wave
1	see mediocre cresting on the next wave
2	see mediocre cresting
1	mediocre cresting
2	on the next wave
2	the next wave
2	next wave
2	However stale the material , Lawrence 's delivery remains perfect ; his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny .
3	However stale the material , Lawrence 's delivery remains perfect ; his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny
3	However stale the material , Lawrence 's delivery remains perfect ;
2	However stale the material , Lawrence 's delivery remains perfect
1	However stale the material
1	stale the material
2	the material
4	, Lawrence 's delivery remains perfect
4	Lawrence 's delivery remains perfect
2	Lawrence 's delivery
2	Lawrence 's
3	remains perfect
2	his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny
2	his great gift
3	great gift
2	is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny
1	that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny
1	he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny
1	can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny
2	can actually
2	trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny
1	trick you
1	into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny
2	thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny
3	some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny
1	some of this worn-out , pandering palaver
0	of this worn-out , pandering palaver
0	this worn-out , pandering palaver
2	worn-out , pandering palaver
2	, pandering palaver
3	pandering palaver
3	is actually funny
3	is actually
1	There 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .
1	's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .
2	's nothing remotely topical or sexy here
2	's nothing remotely topical or sexy
2	nothing remotely topical or sexy
1	remotely topical or sexy
2	topical or sexy
2	topical or
1	The Tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad ' .
1	The Tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad '
0	The Tuxedo was n't just bad ;
0	The Tuxedo was n't just bad
2	The Tuxedo
0	was n't just bad
2	was n't
0	just bad
0	it was , as my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad '
1	was , as my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad '
2	was ,
0	as my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad '
0	my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad '
2	my friend David Cross
2	friend David Cross
2	David Cross
0	would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad '
2	call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad '
1	it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad '
2	it ,
0	` Hungry-Man portions of bad '
1	Hungry-Man portions of bad '
0	Hungry-Man portions of bad
2	Hungry-Man portions
2	of bad
1	Blue Crush is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be .
2	Blue Crush
0	is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be .
0	is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
0	is so prolonged and boring
0	so prolonged and boring
0	prolonged and boring
2	prolonged and
2	it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
2	is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
1	is n't
0	even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
1	close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
0	to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
0	being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
1	the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
0	the barn-burningly bad movie
1	barn-burningly bad movie
0	bad movie
3	it promised it would be
2	promised it would be
3	it would be
2	would be
1	The sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give Blade fans another look at Wesley Snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once .
3	The sequel
1	plays out like a flimsy excuse to give Blade fans another look at Wesley Snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once .
1	plays out like a flimsy excuse to give Blade fans another look at Wesley Snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once
1	plays out like a flimsy excuse
2	plays out
2	like a flimsy excuse
1	a flimsy excuse
2	flimsy excuse
3	to give Blade fans another look at Wesley Snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once
3	give Blade fans another look at Wesley Snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once
2	give Blade fans
2	Blade fans
2	another look at Wesley Snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once
2	another look
2	at Wesley Snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once
2	Wesley Snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once
2	Wesley Snipes ' iconic hero
2	Wesley Snipes '
2	Snipes '
3	iconic hero
2	doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once
2	doing battle with dozens of bad guys --
2	doing battle with dozens of bad guys
3	doing battle
2	with dozens of bad guys
1	dozens of bad guys
2	of bad guys
2	bad guys
2	at once
2	While Van Wilder may not be the worst National Lampoon film , it 's far from being this generation 's Animal House .
1	While Van Wilder may not be the worst National Lampoon film
2	Van Wilder may not be the worst National Lampoon film
2	Van Wilder
2	may not be the worst National Lampoon film
1	may not
1	be the worst National Lampoon film
0	the worst National Lampoon film
1	worst National Lampoon film
2	National Lampoon film
2	Lampoon film
1	, it 's far from being this generation 's Animal House .
1	it 's far from being this generation 's Animal House .
2	's far from being this generation 's Animal House .
2	's far from being this generation 's Animal House
1	far from being this generation 's Animal House
2	from being this generation 's Animal House
3	being this generation 's Animal House
4	this generation 's Animal House
2	this generation 's
2	generation 's
2	Animal House
0	So devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .
0	So devoid of pleasure or sensuality
1	devoid of pleasure or sensuality
3	of pleasure or sensuality
2	pleasure or sensuality
3	pleasure or
1	that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .
1	that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic
1	it can not even be dubbed hedonistic
1	can not even be dubbed hedonistic
2	can not even
2	can not
2	be dubbed hedonistic
2	dubbed hedonistic
2	Reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish .
1	Reeks of rot and hack
1	of rot and hack
1	rot and hack
2	rot and
3	work from start to finish .
2	work from start to finish
2	work from start
2	from start
2	to finish
2	An exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick as its subject matter .
1	An exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick as its subject
1	An exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard
1	An exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and
1	An exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire
1	An exhausting family drama
1	exhausting family drama
3	family drama
2	about a porcelain empire
2	a porcelain empire
2	porcelain empire
2	just as hard
2	as hard
2	a flick as its subject
2	a flick
2	as its subject
2	its subject
2	matter .
4	Woody Allen has really found his groove these days .
2	Woody Allen
3	has really found his groove these days .
4	has really found his groove these days
2	has really
3	found his groove these days
3	found his groove
2	his groove
2	these days
0	The problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
2	The problem
0	is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
1	is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
1	that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
1	it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
1	is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
1	one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
1	that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
1	allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
0	him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
1	to churn out one mediocre movie after another
0	churn out one mediocre movie after another
0	churn out one mediocre movie
2	churn out
1	one mediocre movie
1	mediocre movie
2	after another
2	The bland outweighs the nifty , and Cletis Tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is .
0	The bland outweighs the nifty , and Cletis Tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is
1	The bland outweighs the nifty , and
1	The bland outweighs the nifty ,
3	The bland outweighs the nifty
1	The bland
2	outweighs the nifty
3	the nifty
1	Cletis Tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is
2	Cletis Tout
1	never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is
3	becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is
2	the clever crime comedy it thinks it is
4	the clever crime comedy
4	clever crime comedy
2	crime comedy
2	it thinks it is
2	thinks it is
3	it is
1	It 's such a mechanical endeavor -LRB- that -RRB- it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .
1	's such a mechanical endeavor -LRB- that -RRB- it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .
1	's such a mechanical endeavor -LRB- that -RRB- it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it
2	such a mechanical endeavor -LRB- that -RRB- it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it
2	such a mechanical endeavor -LRB- that -RRB-
2	such a mechanical endeavor -LRB- that
3	such a mechanical endeavor -LRB-
2	such a mechanical endeavor
2	a mechanical endeavor
2	mechanical endeavor
1	it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it
1	never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it
1	bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it
1	to question why somebody might devote time to see it
2	question why somebody might devote time to see it
2	why somebody might devote time to see it
1	somebody might devote time to see it
2	might devote time to see it
3	devote time to see it
2	devote time
2	to see it
3	see it
4	The art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual DVD release will offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack .
4	The art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual DVD release will offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack
3	The art direction is often exquisite , and
4	The art direction is often exquisite ,
4	The art direction is often exquisite
2	The art direction
2	art direction
4	is often exquisite
3	often exquisite
3	the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual DVD release will offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack
2	the anthropomorphic animal characters
2	anthropomorphic animal characters
2	animal characters
3	are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual DVD release will offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack
3	are beautifully
2	realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual DVD release will offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack
3	realized through clever makeup design ,
3	realized through clever makeup design
3	through clever makeup design
3	clever makeup design
2	makeup design
2	leaving one to hope that the eventual DVD release will offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack
2	leaving one
2	to hope that the eventual DVD release will offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack
2	hope that the eventual DVD release will offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack
2	that the eventual DVD release will offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack
2	the eventual DVD release will offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack
2	the eventual DVD release
2	eventual DVD release
2	DVD release
2	will offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack
2	offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack
2	subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack
2	subtitles and
2	the original Italian-language soundtrack
2	original Italian-language soundtrack
2	Italian-language soundtrack
1	If the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .
1	If the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you
2	the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you
1	the predictability of bland comfort food
1	the predictability
1	of bland comfort food
2	bland comfort food
3	comfort food
3	appeals to you
2	to you
3	, then the film is a pleasant enough dish .
3	then the film is a pleasant enough dish .
3	the film is a pleasant enough dish .
2	the film
3	is a pleasant enough dish .
3	is a pleasant enough dish
3	a pleasant enough dish
3	pleasant enough dish
2	enough dish
1	Ultimately , in the history of the Academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002 .
1	, in the history of the Academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002 .
2	in the history of the Academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002 .
2	in the history of the Academy
2	the history of the Academy
2	the history
2	of the Academy
2	the Academy
2	, people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002 .
1	people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002 .
1	may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002 .
2	may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002
2	be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002
1	wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002
2	what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002
2	all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002
2	all that jazz
2	that jazz
2	was about `` Chicago '' in 2002
2	about `` Chicago '' in 2002
2	`` Chicago '' in 2002
2	`` Chicago ''
2	Chicago ''
2	in 2002
1	Zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
1	Zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof
2	Zellweger 's
1	whiny pouty-lipped poof
1	pouty-lipped poof
1	faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
2	faced and spindly
2	faced and
2	attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
2	at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
3	playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
2	an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
2	an ingenue
3	makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
2	her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
2	her nomination as best actress even more of a an
3	her nomination as best actress even more
2	her nomination as best actress
2	her nomination
3	as best actress
3	best actress
2	even more
2	of a an
2	a an
1	A seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director Kurt Wimmer at the screenplay level .
0	A seriously bad film with seriously
0	A seriously bad film
0	seriously bad film
0	seriously bad
2	with seriously
2	warped logic by writer-director Kurt Wimmer at the screenplay level .
1	warped logic by writer-director Kurt Wimmer at the screenplay level
1	warped logic by writer-director Kurt Wimmer
1	warped logic
3	by writer-director Kurt Wimmer
3	writer-director Kurt Wimmer
2	Kurt Wimmer
2	at the screenplay level
2	the screenplay level
2	screenplay level
1	A pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .
2	A pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole
3	A pleasant and engaging enough sit , but
3	A pleasant and engaging enough sit ,
3	A pleasant and engaging enough sit
3	A pleasant and engaging enough
3	pleasant and engaging enough
2	and engaging enough
3	engaging enough
1	in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole
2	in trying to have the best of both worlds
1	trying to have the best of both worlds
3	to have the best of both worlds
3	have the best of both worlds
4	the best of both worlds
4	the best
2	of both worlds
2	both worlds
1	it ends up falling short as a whole
1	ends up falling short as a whole
2	ends up
0	falling short as a whole
1	falling short
2	as a whole
2	a whole
1	Its plot and animation offer daytime TV serviceability , but little more .
2	Its plot and animation
2	plot and animation
2	plot and
2	offer daytime TV serviceability , but little more .
2	offer daytime TV serviceability , but little more
3	daytime TV serviceability , but little more
2	daytime TV
2	serviceability , but little more
1	serviceability , but
2	serviceability ,
2	little more
1	A tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .
1	A tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow
0	A tired , unimaginative and derivative variation
2	tired , unimaginative and derivative variation
0	tired , unimaginative and derivative
0	, unimaginative and derivative
0	unimaginative and derivative
1	unimaginative and
1	of that already-shallow
1	that already-shallow
2	genre .
1	Human Nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart .
1	Human Nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart
1	Human Nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ;
2	Human Nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is
2	Human Nature
1	, in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is
1	in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is
1	in short
0	, is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is
1	is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is
1	is n't nearly as funny
1	is n't
2	nearly as funny
3	as funny
2	as it thinks it is
2	it thinks it is
2	thinks it is
3	it is
1	neither is it as smart
3	is it as smart
2	is it
2	as smart
3	A film with a great premise but only a great premise .
1	A film with a great premise but only a great premise
2	A film
2	with a great premise but only a great premise
1	a great premise but only a great premise
2	a great premise but only
3	a great premise
4	great premise
2	but only
3	a great premise
4	great premise
1	Instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .
2	Instead of building to a laugh riot
3	of building to a laugh riot
3	building to a laugh riot
2	to a laugh riot
3	a laugh riot
3	laugh riot
2	we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .
1	are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .
2	are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence
2	left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence
2	with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence
2	a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence
3	a handful
2	of disparate funny moments of no real consequence
2	disparate funny moments of no real consequence
3	disparate funny moments
3	funny moments
1	of no real consequence
2	no real consequence
2	real consequence
0	Kirshner and Monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .
2	Kirshner and Monroe
2	Kirshner and
0	seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .
0	seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
1	to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
0	be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
0	in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
0	a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
0	contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
0	to see who can out-bad-act the other
0	see who can out-bad-act the other
1	who can out-bad-act the other
1	can out-bad-act the other
0	out-bad-act the other
2	the other
2	-LRB- Kirshner wins , but it 's close . -RRB-
3	Kirshner wins , but it 's close . -RRB-
3	Kirshner wins , but it 's close .
2	Kirshner wins , but it 's close
2	Kirshner wins , but
2	Kirshner wins ,
2	Kirshner wins
2	it 's close
2	's close
0	A lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .
0	A lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get
1	A lame romantic comedy
1	lame romantic comedy
2	romantic comedy
1	about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get
1	an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get
1	an unsympathetic character and someone
2	unsympathetic character and someone
2	character and someone
2	character and
1	who would not likely be so stupid as to get
1	would not likely be so stupid as to get
2	would not likely
2	would not
2	be so stupid as to get
1	be so stupid
1	so stupid
2	as to get
2	to get
2	involved with her .
2	involved with her
2	with her
2	What started out as a taut contest of wills between Bacon and Theron , deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence .
1	started out as a taut contest of wills between Bacon and Theron , deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence .
1	started out as a taut contest of wills between Bacon and Theron , deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence
1	started out as a taut contest of wills between Bacon and Theron , deteriorates into a protracted and
2	started out as a taut contest of wills between Bacon and Theron , deteriorates into a protracted
2	started out as a taut contest of wills between Bacon and Theron ,
2	started out as a taut contest of wills between Bacon and Theron
2	started out
2	as a taut contest of wills between Bacon and Theron
2	a taut contest of wills between Bacon and Theron
3	a taut contest
2	taut contest
2	of wills between Bacon and Theron
2	wills between Bacon and Theron
2	between Bacon and Theron
2	Bacon and Theron
2	Bacon and
1	deteriorates into a protracted
2	into a protracted
2	a protracted
1	borderline silly chase sequence
2	silly chase sequence
2	chase sequence
0	-LRB- Sam 's -RRB- self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .
2	-LRB- Sam 's -RRB-
2	Sam 's -RRB-
2	Sam 's
1	self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .
2	self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining
0	is more depressing than entertaining
0	more depressing than entertaining
0	depressing than entertaining
2	than entertaining
0	An ugly , pointless , stupid movie .
0	An ugly , pointless , stupid movie
1	ugly , pointless , stupid movie
0	ugly , pointless , stupid
0	, pointless , stupid
0	pointless , stupid
1	, stupid
1	Simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn .
2	Simply put
2	, there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn .
2	there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn .
1	should have been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn .
1	should have been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn
2	have been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn
3	been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn
2	a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn
1	more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn
3	more compelling
2	excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn
2	to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn
2	pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn
2	Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn
2	Susan Sarandon and
3	Susan Sarandon
3	Goldie Hawn
1	The Master of Disguise represents Adam Sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .
2	The Master of Disguise
2	The Master
2	of Disguise
0	represents Adam Sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .
1	represents Adam Sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe
2	represents Adam Sandler 's latest attempt
2	Adam Sandler 's latest attempt
2	Adam Sandler 's
2	Sandler 's
2	latest attempt
0	to dumb down the universe
2	dumb down the universe
1	dumb down
2	the universe
0	This is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
0	is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
0	is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be
0	an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be
0	an ungainly movie , ill-fitting ,
1	an ungainly movie , ill-fitting
1	an ungainly movie ,
0	an ungainly movie
1	ungainly movie
1	with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be
1	its elbows sticking out where the knees should be
2	its elbows
2	sticking out where the knees should be
2	sticking out
2	where the knees should be
2	the knees should be
2	the knees
2	should be
1	Too silly to take seriously .
2	Too silly
2	to take seriously .
2	to take seriously
2	take seriously
2	The inevitable double - and triple-crosses arise , but the only drama is in waiting to hear how John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line .
1	The inevitable double - and triple-crosses arise , but the only drama is in waiting to hear how John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line
2	The inevitable double - and triple-crosses arise , but
2	The inevitable double - and triple-crosses arise ,
2	The inevitable double - and triple-crosses arise
2	The inevitable double - and triple-crosses
2	The inevitable
2	double - and triple-crosses
2	- and triple-crosses
2	- and
0	the only drama is in waiting to hear how John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line
2	the only drama
1	only drama
2	is in waiting to hear how John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line
3	in waiting to hear how John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line
2	waiting to hear how John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line
3	to hear how John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line
2	hear how John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line
2	how John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line
3	John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line
3	John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere
2	John Malkovich 's
2	Malkovich 's
2	reedy consigliere
2	will pronounce his next line
2	pronounce his next line
2	his next line
2	next line
1	Everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .
1	's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .
0	's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull
2	serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull
1	, poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull
2	poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull
1	, earnest and -- sadly -- dull
2	earnest and -- sadly -- dull
0	and -- sadly -- dull
1	-- sadly -- dull
1	-- sadly --
1	sadly --
3	I like it .
2	like it .
3	like it
0	No , I hate it .
0	, I hate it .
0	I hate it .
1	hate it .
0	hate it
3	No , I love it ... hell , I dunno .
3	, I love it ... hell , I dunno .
3	I love it ... hell , I dunno .
3	love it ... hell , I dunno .
2	love it ... hell , I dunno
4	love it ...
4	love it
1	hell , I dunno
2	, I dunno
2	I dunno
0	This mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .
0	This mess of a movie
1	This mess
2	of a movie
2	a movie
1	is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .
0	is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy
0	nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy
1	short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy
1	of a travesty of a transvestite comedy
1	a travesty of a transvestite comedy
1	a travesty
2	of a transvestite comedy
2	a transvestite comedy
1	transvestite comedy
0	It 's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
0	's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
1	's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
0	clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
0	with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
0	heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
1	heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and
2	heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology
2	heavy-handed symbolism ,
2	heavy-handed symbolism
0	dime-store psychology
1	endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
2	endless scenic shots
3	scenic shots
0	that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
0	make 105 minutes seem twice as long
2	105 minutes seem twice as long
2	105 minutes
0	seem twice as long
2	twice as long
2	as long
0	A fifty car pileup of cliches .
0	A fifty car pileup of cliches
1	A fifty car pileup
2	fifty car pileup
2	car pileup
1	of cliches
0	It 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .
1	's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .
0	's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish
1	a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish
1	a stale , overused cocktail
2	stale , overused cocktail
1	, overused cocktail
1	overused cocktail
2	using the same olives since 1962 as garnish
2	using the same olives since 1962
2	the same olives since 1962
2	the same olives
2	same olives
2	since 1962
2	as garnish
0	Not only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
1	Not only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch
1	only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch
1	is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch
0	entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch
2	entry number
1	twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch
1	the worst of the Brosnan bunch
0	the worst
2	of the Brosnan bunch
2	the Brosnan bunch
2	Brosnan bunch
0	, it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
0	it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
0	's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
0	's one of the worst of the entire franchise
1	one of the worst of the entire franchise
0	of the worst of the entire franchise
0	the worst of the entire franchise
0	the worst
2	of the entire franchise
2	the entire franchise
2	entire franchise
0	What ultimately makes Windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
2	What ultimately makes Windtalkers
2	ultimately makes Windtalkers
2	makes Windtalkers
0	a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
0	a disappointment
2	is the superficial way it deals with its story .
1	is the superficial way it deals with its story
1	the superficial way it deals with its story
1	the superficial way
2	superficial way
2	it deals with its story
2	deals with its story
2	with its story
2	its story
3	As an actor 's showcase , Hart 's War has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player .
3	As an actor 's showcase
2	an actor 's showcase
2	an actor 's
2	actor 's
3	, Hart 's War has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player .
2	Hart 's War has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player .
2	Hart 's War
2	Hart 's
3	has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player .
3	has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player
3	has much to recommend it ,
3	has much to recommend it
2	has much
3	to recommend it
3	recommend it
3	even if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player
2	if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player
2	the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player
2	the top-billed Willis
2	top-billed Willis
1	is not the most impressive player
1	is not
3	the most impressive player
3	most impressive player
4	most impressive
1	As a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George leaves something to be desired .
3	As a story of dramatic enlightenment
3	a story of dramatic enlightenment
2	a story
3	of dramatic enlightenment
2	dramatic enlightenment
1	, the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George leaves something to be desired .
1	the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George leaves something to be desired .
2	the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George
2	the screenplay
2	by Billy Ray and Terry George
2	Billy Ray and Terry George
2	Billy Ray and
2	Billy Ray
2	Terry George
0	leaves something to be desired .
1	leaves something to be desired
2	leaves something
2	to be desired
2	be desired
1	A non-Britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .
2	A non-Britney person
2	non-Britney person
0	might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .
3	might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine
1	survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine
3	survive a screening with little harm done ,
1	survive a screening with little harm done
2	survive a screening
2	a screening
2	with little harm done
2	little harm done
2	little harm
0	except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine
2	maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine
2	maybe for the last 15 minutes ,
2	maybe for the last 15 minutes
1	for the last 15 minutes
3	the last 15 minutes
3	last 15 minutes
2	15 minutes
2	which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine
1	are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine
2	as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine
1	maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine
2	as any after-school special you can imagine
3	any after-school special you can imagine
2	any after-school special
2	after-school special
2	you can imagine
2	can imagine
2	It 's not hateful .
2	's not hateful .
2	's not hateful
2	's not
0	It 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .
0	's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .
0	's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical
1	's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly ,
1	's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly
0	's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply ,
0	's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply
0	simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply
1	simply stupid , irrelevant and
1	simply stupid , irrelevant
1	simply stupid ,
2	simply stupid
1	bottomlessly cynical
2	Possibly not since Grumpy Old Men have I heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another .
3	not since Grumpy Old Men have I heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another .
2	not since Grumpy Old Men
2	since Grumpy Old Men
2	Grumpy Old Men
2	Old Men
2	have I heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another .
2	have I heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another
2	have I
2	heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another
3	a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another
2	a film
1	so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another
3	so solidly connect with one demographic while
3	solidly connect with one demographic while
3	connect with one demographic while
2	with one demographic while
2	one demographic while
3	demographic while
2	striking out with another
1	striking out
2	with another
0	The drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .
2	The drama
1	was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .
0	was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention
0	was so uninspiring
0	so uninspiring
1	that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention
1	even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention
3	even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin
2	even a story
2	a story
3	immersed in love , lust , and sin
2	in love , lust , and sin
2	love , lust , and sin
2	love , lust , and
2	love , lust ,
2	love , lust
2	love ,
1	could n't keep my attention
1	could n't
4	keep my attention
2	my attention
1	A rather tired exercise in nostalgia .
1	A rather tired
1	rather tired
2	exercise in nostalgia .
2	exercise in nostalgia
2	in nostalgia
0	The misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .
1	The misery of these people
1	The misery
2	of these people
2	these people
0	becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .
1	becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten
1	becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle ,
1	becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle
1	just another voyeuristic spectacle
2	another voyeuristic spectacle
3	voyeuristic spectacle
1	to be consumed and forgotten
1	be consumed and forgotten
1	consumed and forgotten
2	consumed and
1	Some Body often looks like an episode of the TV show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .
2	Some Body
1	often looks like an episode of the TV show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .
1	looks like an episode of the TV show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .
1	looks like an episode of the TV show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments
1	like an episode of the TV show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments
2	an episode of the TV show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments
2	an episode of the TV
2	an episode
2	of the TV
2	the TV
2	show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments
1	show Blind Date , only less
1	Blind Date , only less
2	Blind Date ,
2	Blind Date
2	only less
3	technically proficient and without the pop-up comments
3	technically proficient and
3	technically proficient
2	without the pop-up comments
2	the pop-up comments
2	pop-up comments
1	Bad Company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .
1	Bad Company
0	has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .
2	has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them
1	one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them
0	of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them
2	the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them
0	the most moronic screenplays of the year ,
0	the most moronic screenplays of the year
1	the most moronic screenplays
0	most moronic screenplays
0	most moronic
2	of the year
2	the year
0	full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them
1	of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them
1	holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them
2	that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them
2	will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them
2	be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them
2	obvious even to those who are n't looking for them
2	obvious even
2	to those who are n't looking for them
2	those who are n't looking for them
2	who are n't looking for them
2	are n't looking for them
1	are n't
2	looking for them
2	for them
1	Predecessors The Mummy and The Mummy Returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to The Scorpion King .
2	The Mummy and The Mummy Returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to The Scorpion King .
2	The Mummy and The Mummy Returns
3	Mummy and The Mummy Returns
2	and The Mummy Returns
2	The Mummy Returns
2	Mummy Returns
4	stand as intellectual masterpieces next to The Scorpion King .
3	stand as intellectual masterpieces next to The Scorpion King
3	stand as intellectual masterpieces
3	as intellectual masterpieces
4	intellectual masterpieces
2	next to The Scorpion King
2	to The Scorpion King
2	The Scorpion King
2	Scorpion King
0	A markedly inactive film , City is conversational bordering on confessional .
1	A markedly inactive film , City
0	A markedly inactive film ,
1	A markedly inactive film
2	markedly inactive film
1	markedly inactive
2	is conversational bordering on confessional .
3	is conversational bordering on confessional
2	is conversational
1	bordering on confessional
2	on confessional
2	While kids will probably eat the whole thing up , most adults will be way ahead of the plot .
2	While kids will probably eat the whole thing up
3	kids will probably eat the whole thing up
2	will probably eat the whole thing up
3	will probably
3	eat the whole thing up
2	eat the whole thing
2	the whole thing
3	whole thing
2	, most adults will be way ahead of the plot .
1	most adults will be way ahead of the plot .
2	most adults
2	will be way ahead of the plot .
2	will be way ahead of the plot
2	be way ahead of the plot
2	way ahead of the plot
2	ahead of the plot
2	of the plot
2	the plot
1	Despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from Kathryn Bigelow , The Weight of Water is oppressively heavy .
3	Despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from Kathryn Bigelow
4	an impressive roster of stars and direction from Kathryn Bigelow
4	an impressive roster of stars and direction
4	an impressive roster
4	impressive roster
2	of stars and direction
2	stars and direction
2	stars and
2	from Kathryn Bigelow
2	Kathryn Bigelow
1	, The Weight of Water is oppressively heavy .
2	The Weight of Water is oppressively heavy .
2	The Weight of Water
2	The Weight
2	of Water
0	is oppressively heavy .
1	is oppressively heavy
0	oppressively heavy
0	We 've liked Klein 's other work but Rollerball left us cold .
1	We 've liked Klein 's other work but Rollerball left us cold
2	We 've liked Klein 's other work but
2	We 've liked Klein 's other work
2	've liked Klein 's other work
2	liked Klein 's other work
2	Klein 's other work
2	Klein 's
2	other work
0	Rollerball left us cold
0	left us cold
2	us cold
0	They were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .
0	were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .
1	were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn
1	afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn
1	to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn
1	show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn
2	show this movie to reviewers before its opening ,
2	show this movie to reviewers before its opening
2	show this movie to reviewers
2	this movie to reviewers
2	this movie
2	to reviewers
2	before its opening
3	its opening
1	afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn
1	afraid of the bad reviews
1	of the bad reviews
1	the bad reviews
1	bad reviews
2	they thought they 'd earn
2	thought they 'd earn
2	they 'd earn
2	'd earn
2	They were right .
2	were right .
2	were right
0	It would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .
1	It would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction
1	It would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly , yet
2	It would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly ,
2	It would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly
2	would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly
1	be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly
1	be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation
2	churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation
1	to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation
2	begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation
2	begrudge anyone
2	for receiving whatever consolation
2	receiving whatever consolation
2	whatever consolation
2	that can be found in Dragonfly
2	can be found in Dragonfly
2	be found in Dragonfly
2	found in Dragonfly
2	in Dragonfly
0	it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction
0	is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction
1	is impossible to find the film anything but
2	is impossible to find the film anything
2	impossible to find the film anything
2	to find the film anything
2	find the film anything
2	the film anything
2	film anything
0	appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction
0	appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking
0	appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and
1	appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived ,
1	appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived
0	appalling ,
0	shamelessly manipulative and contrived
1	manipulative and contrived
1	manipulative and
1	totally lacking
2	in conviction
0	Offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life .
1	Offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life
1	Offers no new insight on the matter , nor
1	Offers no new insight on the matter ,
0	Offers no new insight on the matter
1	Offers no new insight
1	no new insight
3	new insight
2	on the matter
2	the matter
2	do its characters exactly spring to life
2	do its characters exactly spring
2	do its characters exactly
2	do its characters
2	its characters
2	to life
1	Nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .
1	Nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant
3	Nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but
3	Nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary ,
2	Nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary
3	has made a decent ` intro ' documentary
3	made a decent ` intro ' documentary
3	a decent ` intro ' documentary
3	decent ` intro ' documentary
2	` intro ' documentary
2	intro ' documentary
2	' documentary
1	he feels like a spectator and not a participant
1	feels like a spectator and not a participant
1	like a spectator and not a participant
2	a spectator and not a participant
2	a spectator and
3	a spectator
1	not a participant
2	a participant
1	Apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .
0	designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .
1	designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it
0	designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering
2	designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret
2	designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but
3	designed as a reverie about memory and regret ,
2	designed as a reverie about memory and regret
3	as a reverie about memory and regret
2	a reverie about memory and regret
2	a reverie
3	about memory and regret
2	memory and regret
2	memory and
2	the only thing you 'll regret
2	the only thing
2	only thing
1	you 'll regret
2	'll regret
3	is remembering
2	the experience of sitting through it
2	the experience
2	of sitting through it
2	sitting through it
2	through it
0	A 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director Parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
1	A 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director Parker
1	A 94-minute travesty
0	94-minute travesty
3	of unparalleled proportions , writer-director Parker
3	unparalleled proportions , writer-director Parker
2	unparalleled proportions ,
3	unparalleled proportions
2	writer-director Parker
0	seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
1	seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
0	to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
2	go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
2	go out
1	of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
1	his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
2	way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
2	to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
0	turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
1	the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
1	the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce
3	the legendary wit 's
2	legendary wit 's
2	wit 's
2	classic mistaken identity farce
2	mistaken identity farce
2	identity farce
1	into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
0	brutally labored and unfunny hokum
1	brutally labored and unfunny
1	labored and unfunny
2	labored and
0	Guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .
0	Guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep
2	Guy gets girl , guy loses girl ,
2	Guy gets girl , guy loses girl
2	Guy gets girl ,
3	Guy gets girl
2	gets girl
2	guy loses girl
2	loses girl
0	audience falls asleep
2	falls asleep
2	Too ordinary to restore -LRB- Harmon -RRB- to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience .
1	Too ordinary
3	to restore -LRB- Harmon -RRB- to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience .
3	to restore -LRB- Harmon -RRB- to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience
2	restore -LRB- Harmon -RRB- to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience
3	restore -LRB- Harmon -RRB- to prominence ,
2	restore -LRB- Harmon -RRB- to prominence
2	-LRB- Harmon -RRB- to prominence
3	-LRB- Harmon -RRB-
2	Harmon -RRB-
2	to prominence
3	despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience
3	some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience
2	some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and
2	some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors ,
2	some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors
1	some creepy scenes
2	creepy scenes
1	that evoke childish night terrors
1	evoke childish night terrors
2	childish night terrors
2	night terrors
4	a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience
3	praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience
3	attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience
2	to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience
3	generate suspense rather than gross out the audience
2	generate suspense rather than
3	generate suspense
2	rather than
1	gross out the audience
1	gross out
2	the audience
2	Stirs potentially enticing ingredients into an uneasy blend of Ghost and Close Encounters of the Third Kind .
2	Stirs potentially enticing ingredients into an uneasy blend of Ghost and Close Encounters of the Third Kind
2	Stirs potentially enticing ingredients
3	potentially enticing ingredients
3	potentially enticing
1	into an uneasy blend of Ghost and Close Encounters of the Third Kind
2	an uneasy blend of Ghost and Close Encounters of the Third Kind
2	an uneasy blend of Ghost and
1	an uneasy blend of Ghost
1	an uneasy blend
1	uneasy blend
2	of Ghost
2	Close Encounters of the Third Kind
2	Close Encounters
2	of the Third Kind
2	the Third Kind
2	Third Kind
1	The weird thing about The Santa Clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .
2	The weird thing about The Santa Clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie ,
1	The weird thing
2	weird thing
1	about The Santa Clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie ,
2	The Santa Clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie ,
2	The Santa Clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie
2	The Santa Clause 2 , purportedly
2	The Santa Clause 2 ,
2	The Santa Clause 2
2	Santa Clause 2
2	Clause 2
2	a children 's movie
2	a children 's
2	children 's
1	is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .
1	is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally
1	that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally
1	there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally
1	is nothing in it to engage children emotionally
1	nothing in it to engage children emotionally
2	nothing in it
2	in it
2	to engage children emotionally
2	engage children emotionally
3	engage children
0	It 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .
1	's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .
1	's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish
0	pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish
1	in a way that verges on the amateurish
1	a way that verges on the amateurish
2	a way
1	that verges on the amateurish
1	verges on the amateurish
1	on the amateurish
1	the amateurish
1	Contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .
1	Contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom
0	the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom
4	the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence
4	humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence
3	, characterization , poignancy , and intelligence
4	characterization , poignancy , and intelligence
3	, poignancy , and intelligence
3	poignancy , and intelligence
3	, and intelligence
3	, and
2	of a bad sitcom
0	a bad sitcom
1	bad sitcom
3	It does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes .
2	does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes .
2	does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes
1	does n't
2	matter that the film is less than 90 minutes
2	that the film is less than 90 minutes
2	the film is less than 90 minutes
2	the film
2	is less than 90 minutes
2	less than 90 minutes
2	less than 90
2	than 90
1	It still feels like a prison stretch .
2	still feels like a prison stretch .
0	feels like a prison stretch .
0	feels like a prison stretch
1	like a prison stretch
2	a prison stretch
2	prison stretch
0	Partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .
0	a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .
1	a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely
2	a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy ,
2	a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy
1	schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy
2	, by-the-numbers romantic comedy
2	by-the-numbers romantic comedy
2	romantic comedy
2	partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely
2	partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and
1	partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success --
1	partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success
1	a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success
1	a shallow rumination
1	shallow rumination
2	on the emptiness of success
2	the emptiness of success
2	the emptiness
2	of success
1	soulless .
2	Ong chooses to present Ah Na 's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism .
2	chooses to present Ah Na 's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism .
2	chooses to present Ah Na 's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism
2	to present Ah Na 's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism
1	present Ah Na 's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism
3	present Ah Na 's life
2	Ah Na 's life
2	Ah Na 's
2	Na 's
1	as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism
2	a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism
2	a slight , weightless fairy tale ,
1	a slight , weightless fairy tale
0	slight , weightless fairy tale
1	, weightless fairy tale
1	weightless fairy tale
2	fairy tale
2	whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism
2	most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism
1	most unpleasant details
1	unpleasant details
3	seem to melt away in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism
2	to melt away in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism
2	melt away in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism
2	melt away
3	in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism
2	the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism
2	the face
2	of the character 's blank-faced optimism
1	the character 's blank-faced optimism
2	the character 's
2	character 's
2	blank-faced optimism
1	The overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th Heaven . ''
2	The overall feel
2	overall feel
1	is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th Heaven . ''
1	is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th Heaven .
2	is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th Heaven
1	is not
2	unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th Heaven
2	watching a glorified episode of `` 7th Heaven
1	a glorified episode of `` 7th Heaven
0	a glorified episode
2	glorified episode
2	of `` 7th Heaven
2	of ``
1	7th Heaven
1	Just a Kiss is a just a waste .
2	Just a Kiss
3	a Kiss
0	is a just a waste .
0	is a just a waste
1	a just a waste
0	just a waste
2	just a
0	... this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .
0	this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .
2	this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels
1	this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ;
1	this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism
2	is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism
0	is n't even a movie
1	is n't
2	even a movie
2	a movie
3	we can enjoy as mild escapism
3	can enjoy as mild escapism
3	enjoy as mild escapism
2	as mild escapism
2	mild escapism
1	it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels
2	is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels
1	one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels
3	in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels
2	in which
1	fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels
2	fear and frustration
2	fear and
2	are provoked to intolerable levels
1	provoked to intolerable levels
1	to intolerable levels
1	intolerable levels
0	Frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
0	, it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
0	it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
2	's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
1	's kind of insulting , both to men and women
2	's kind
1	of insulting , both to men and women
2	of insulting
2	, both to men and women
2	, both
2	to men and women
2	men and women
2	men and
0	And it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
1	it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
1	's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
1	's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting
1	's not that funny --
1	's not that funny
1	not that funny
2	that funny
2	which is just generally insulting
1	is just generally insulting
2	is just
1	generally insulting
1	As if Drop Dead Gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .
2	As if Drop Dead Gorgeous was n't enough
2	As if
2	Drop Dead Gorgeous was n't enough
4	Drop Dead Gorgeous
3	Dead Gorgeous
1	was n't enough
2	was n't
2	, this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .
1	this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .
1	this equally derisive clunker
0	equally derisive clunker
1	equally derisive
2	is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .
2	is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition
2	fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition
2	on the spectacle of small-town competition
3	the spectacle of small-town competition
3	the spectacle
3	of small-town competition
2	small-town competition
1	A wretched movie that reduces the Second World War to one man 's quest to find an old flame .
0	A wretched movie that reduces the Second World War to one man
1	A wretched movie
0	wretched movie
2	that reduces the Second World War to one man
2	reduces the Second World War to one man
2	the Second World War to one man
2	the Second World War
2	Second World War
2	World War
2	to one man
2	one man
2	's quest to find an old flame .
2	's quest to find an old flame
2	quest to find an old flame
3	to find an old flame
2	find an old flame
2	an old flame
2	old flame
1	This is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
1	is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
0	is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie
1	a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie
2	a remake by the numbers ,
1	a remake by the numbers
2	a remake
2	by the numbers
2	the numbers
0	linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie
0	linking a halfwit plot
1	a halfwit plot
0	halfwit plot
3	to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie
2	a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie
2	a series of standup routines
2	a series
2	of standup routines
2	standup routines
2	in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie
2	in which
4	Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie
3	Wilson and Murphy
2	Wilson and
2	show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie
1	how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie
2	how funny
1	they could have been in a more ambitious movie
2	could have been in a more ambitious movie
2	have been in a more ambitious movie
2	been in a more ambitious movie
3	in a more ambitious movie
3	a more ambitious movie
2	more ambitious movie
3	more ambitious
2	It 's better than mid-range Steven Seagal , but not as sharp as Jet Li on rollerblades .
2	's better than mid-range Steven Seagal , but not as sharp as Jet Li on rollerblades .
2	's better than mid-range Steven Seagal , but not as sharp as Jet Li on rollerblades
1	's better than mid-range Steven Seagal , but not as sharp
2	better than mid-range Steven Seagal , but not as sharp
3	better than mid-range Steven Seagal , but
3	better than mid-range Steven Seagal ,
2	better than mid-range Steven Seagal
2	than mid-range Steven Seagal
2	mid-range Steven Seagal
3	Steven Seagal
1	not as sharp
3	as sharp
3	as Jet Li on rollerblades
2	Jet Li on rollerblades
2	Jet Li
3	on rollerblades
1	There 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .
1	's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .
2	's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long
2	a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long
2	a reason
2	why halftime is only fifteen minutes long
2	halftime is only fifteen minutes long
2	is only fifteen minutes long
2	is only fifteen minutes
2	only fifteen minutes
2	fifteen minutes
2	The talk-heavy film plays like one of Robert Altman 's lesser works .
1	The talk-heavy film
2	talk-heavy film
1	plays like one of Robert Altman 's lesser works .
2	plays like one of Robert Altman 's lesser works
2	like one of Robert Altman 's lesser works
1	one of Robert Altman 's lesser works
1	of Robert Altman 's lesser works
1	Robert Altman 's lesser works
2	Robert Altman 's
2	Altman 's
2	lesser works
2	As happily glib and vicious as its characters .
2	As happily glib and vicious as its characters
3	happily glib and vicious as its characters
2	happily glib and
3	happily glib
2	vicious as its characters
2	as its characters
2	its characters
0	One of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .
1	One of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart
0	of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart
0	those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart
2	those films
1	that started with a great premise and then just fell apart
1	started with a great premise and then just fell apart
2	started with a great premise and
3	started with a great premise
3	with a great premise
3	a great premise
4	great premise
0	then just fell apart
1	just fell apart
1	fell apart
1	No better or worse than ` Truth or Consequences , N.M. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic Mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a Western backwater .
1	No better or worse than ` Truth or Consequences , N.M. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic Mafia
2	No better or worse than ` Truth or Consequences , N.M. ' or any other interchangeable actioner
2	better or worse than ` Truth or Consequences , N.M. ' or any other interchangeable actioner
2	better or worse than ` Truth or Consequences , N.M. ' or any other interchangeable
2	better or worse
2	better or
2	than ` Truth or Consequences , N.M. ' or any other interchangeable
2	` Truth or Consequences , N.M. ' or any other interchangeable
2	Truth or Consequences , N.M. ' or any other interchangeable
2	Truth or Consequences , N.M. ' or
2	Truth or Consequences , N.M. '
2	Truth or Consequences ,
2	Truth or Consequences
2	Truth or
2	N.M. '
2	any other interchangeable
2	other interchangeable
1	with imbecilic Mafia
2	imbecilic Mafia
2	toolbags botching a routine assignment in a Western backwater .
1	toolbags botching a routine assignment in a Western backwater
2	botching a routine assignment in a Western backwater
1	botching a routine assignment
2	a routine assignment
2	routine assignment
2	in a Western backwater
2	a Western backwater
2	Western backwater
0	-LRB- MacDowell -RRB- ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .
3	-LRB- MacDowell -RRB- ventures beyond her abilities
2	-LRB- MacDowell -RRB- ventures
2	-LRB- MacDowell -RRB-
2	MacDowell -RRB-
2	beyond her abilities
2	her abilities
0	several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .
0	several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is
2	several times here and
2	several times here
2	several times
0	reveals how bad an actress she is
0	how bad an actress she is
2	how bad
3	an actress she is
2	an actress she
3	an actress
1	I can imagine this movie as a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .
0	I can imagine this movie as a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless
2	I can imagine this movie as a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al. , but
2	I can imagine this movie as a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al. ,
2	I can imagine this movie as a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al.
2	can imagine this movie as a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al.
2	imagine this movie as a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al.
2	imagine this movie
2	this movie
2	as a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al.
2	a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al.
2	a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et
2	b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et
2	b &
2	w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et
2	w British comedy , circa 1960 ,
2	w British comedy , circa 1960
2	w British comedy ,
2	w British comedy
3	British comedy
2	circa 1960
2	with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et
2	Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et
2	Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams ,
2	Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams
2	Peter Sellers ,
2	Peter Sellers
2	Kenneth Williams
0	at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless
2	at this time , with this cast
2	at this time
2	this time
2	, with this cast
2	with this cast
2	this cast
0	, this movie is hopeless
1	this movie is hopeless
2	this movie
2	is hopeless
0	Talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .
3	Talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture
2	Talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise ,
1	Talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise
2	Talky , artificial and opaque ...
0	Talky , artificial and opaque
1	, artificial and opaque
1	artificial and opaque
2	artificial and
3	an interesting technical exercise
3	interesting technical exercise
3	interesting technical
1	but a tedious picture
0	a tedious picture
2	tedious picture
2	Kurys never shows why , of all the period 's volatile romantic lives , Sand and Musset are worth particular attention .
2	never shows why , of all the period 's volatile romantic lives , Sand and Musset are worth particular attention .
3	shows why , of all the period 's volatile romantic lives , Sand and Musset are worth particular attention .
3	shows why , of all the period 's volatile romantic lives , Sand and Musset are worth particular attention
3	why , of all the period 's volatile romantic lives , Sand and Musset are worth particular attention
3	, of all the period 's volatile romantic lives , Sand and Musset are worth particular attention
3	of all the period 's volatile romantic lives , Sand and Musset are worth particular attention
2	of all the period 's volatile romantic lives
3	all the period 's volatile romantic lives
3	the period 's volatile romantic lives
2	the period 's
2	period 's
2	volatile romantic lives
3	romantic lives
3	, Sand and Musset are worth particular attention
3	Sand and Musset are worth particular attention
2	Sand and Musset
2	Sand and
3	are worth particular attention
3	worth particular attention
3	worth particular
2	Almost nothing else -- raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation -- is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited .
2	Almost nothing else -- raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation --
1	Almost nothing else
2	nothing else
2	-- raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation --
3	raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation --
2	raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation
1	raunchy and graphic
1	raunchy and
2	as it may be in presentation
2	it may be in presentation
2	may be in presentation
2	be in presentation
2	in presentation
2	is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited .
1	is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited
1	one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited
1	one-sided , outwardly sexist or
1	one-sided , outwardly sexist
1	one-sided ,
0	outwardly sexist
1	And in a sense , that 's a liability .
1	in a sense , that 's a liability .
2	in a sense
2	a sense
1	, that 's a liability .
1	that 's a liability .
2	's a liability .
1	's a liability
0	a liability
1	It 's easy to love Robin Tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .
2	It 's easy to love Robin Tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices
2	It 's easy to love Robin Tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but
4	It 's easy to love Robin Tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act --
3	It 's easy to love Robin Tunney
3	's easy to love Robin Tunney
3	easy to love Robin Tunney
2	to love Robin Tunney
3	love Robin Tunney
3	Robin Tunney
3	-- she 's pretty and she can act --
3	she 's pretty and she can act --
3	she 's pretty and she can act
4	she 's pretty and
3	she 's pretty
2	's pretty
3	she can act
3	can act
3	it gets harder and harder to understand her choices
1	gets harder and harder to understand her choices
2	harder and harder to understand her choices
2	harder and harder
2	harder and
2	to understand her choices
3	understand her choices
2	her choices
1	If you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
2	If you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry
2	you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry
2	've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry
3	got a house full of tots -- do n't worry
2	a house full of tots -- do n't worry
2	a house full of tots
2	a house
2	full of tots
2	of tots
3	-- do n't worry
2	do n't worry
2	do n't
2	, this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
1	this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
1	will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
1	will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then
2	be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then
1	be on video
2	on video
2	long before they grow up and you can wait till then
2	before they grow up and you can wait till then
1	they grow up and you can wait till then
2	they grow up and
2	they grow up
2	grow up
2	you can wait till then
2	can wait till then
2	wait till then
2	till then
1	The new film of Anton Chekhov 's The Cherry Orchard puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . '
3	The new film of Anton Chekhov 's The Cherry Orchard
2	The new film
2	new film
2	of Anton Chekhov 's The Cherry Orchard
2	Anton Chekhov 's The Cherry Orchard
2	Anton Chekhov 's
2	Chekhov 's
2	The Cherry Orchard
2	Cherry Orchard
2	puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . '
1	puts the ` ick ' in ` classic .
2	puts the ` ick ' in ` classic
1	the ` ick ' in ` classic
1	the ` ick '
1	` ick '
0	ick '
2	in ` classic
2	in `
2	Has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but its energy ca n't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original .
3	Has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but its energy ca n't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original
3	Has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but
3	Has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to ,
3	Has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to
4	an uppity musical beat that you can dance to
3	an uppity musical
2	uppity musical
3	beat that you can dance to
3	that you can dance to
3	you can dance to
2	can dance to
2	dance to
1	its energy ca n't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original
2	its energy
1	ca n't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original
2	ca n't
1	compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original
3	to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original
3	the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original
4	the wit , humor and snappy dialogue
4	wit , humor and snappy dialogue
3	, humor and snappy dialogue
4	humor and snappy dialogue
3	and snappy dialogue
3	snappy dialogue
2	of the original
3	the original
1	If I want music , I 'll buy the soundtrack .
2	If I want music
2	I want music
2	want music
3	, I 'll buy the soundtrack .
3	I 'll buy the soundtrack .
3	'll buy the soundtrack .
2	'll buy the soundtrack
3	buy the soundtrack
2	the soundtrack
1	If I want a real movie , I 'll buy the Criterion DVD .
1	If I want a real movie
2	I want a real movie
1	want a real movie
3	a real movie
2	real movie
2	, I 'll buy the Criterion DVD .
3	I 'll buy the Criterion DVD .
2	'll buy the Criterion DVD .
2	'll buy the Criterion DVD
2	buy the Criterion DVD
2	the Criterion DVD
2	Criterion DVD
2	An unremarkable , modern action\/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title .
1	An unremarkable , modern action\/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title
1	An unremarkable ,
2	An unremarkable
1	modern action\/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title
2	modern action\/comedy buddy movie
3	action\/comedy buddy movie
2	buddy movie
2	whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title
2	whose only nod to nostalgia
2	whose only nod
2	only nod
2	to nostalgia
2	is in the title
2	in the title
2	the title
2	Has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together .
3	Has all the right elements
4	all the right elements
2	the right elements
3	right elements
1	but completely fails to gel together .
3	but completely
1	fails to gel together .
1	fails to gel together
2	to gel together
2	gel together
1	Writer-director Stephen Gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the English call ` too clever by half . '
2	Writer-director Stephen Gaghan
2	Stephen Gaghan
1	has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the English call ` too clever by half . '
0	has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the English call ` too clever by half .
2	has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the English call ` too clever by half
1	made the near-fatal mistake of being what the English call ` too clever by half
1	the near-fatal mistake of being what the English call ` too clever by half
2	the near-fatal mistake
0	near-fatal mistake
2	of being what the English call ` too clever by half
2	being what the English call ` too clever by half
1	what the English call ` too clever by half
3	the English call ` too clever by half
2	the English
2	call ` too clever by half
2	call ` too clever
2	` too clever
3	too clever
2	by half
0	Seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .
1	Seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof
1	Seagal ran out of movies years ago , and
0	Seagal ran out of movies years ago ,
1	Seagal ran out of movies years ago
2	ran out of movies years ago
2	ran out
2	of movies years ago
2	movies years ago
2	movies years
2	this is just the proof
2	is just the proof
2	is just
2	the proof
0	The movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .
2	The movie
2	is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .
1	is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it
2	is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic
2	is so
0	contrived , nonsensical and formulaic
1	, nonsensical and formulaic
1	nonsensical and formulaic
1	nonsensical and
1	that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it
2	that , come to think of it ,
2	, come to think of it ,
2	come to think of it ,
2	come to think of it
2	to think of it
2	think of it
2	of it
1	the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it
1	the day-old shelf
2	day-old shelf
2	would be a more appropriate location to store it
2	be a more appropriate location to store it
2	a more appropriate location to store it
2	more appropriate location to store it
3	more appropriate
2	location to store it
2	to store it
2	store it
0	An awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .
1	An awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything
1	An awkwardly garish showcase
1	awkwardly garish showcase
1	garish showcase
2	that diverges from anything
3	diverges from anything
2	from anything
1	remotely probing or penetrating .
2	remotely probing or penetrating
3	probing or penetrating
2	probing or
2	The name says it all .
2	The name
2	says it all .
2	says it all
2	it all
0	Jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of Candid Camera staged for the Marquis de Sade set .
0	Jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of Candid Camera staged for the Marquis de Sade set
1	Jackass is a vulgar and
1	Jackass is a vulgar
0	is a vulgar
2	a vulgar
1	cheap-looking version of Candid Camera staged for the Marquis de Sade set
1	cheap-looking version of Candid Camera
0	cheap-looking version
3	of Candid Camera
2	Candid Camera
2	staged for the Marquis de Sade set
1	for the Marquis de Sade set
2	the Marquis de Sade set
2	Marquis de Sade set
2	de Sade set
2	Sade set
3	Children , Christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of Jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .
2	Children , Christian or otherwise ,
2	Children , Christian or otherwise
2	Children ,
2	Christian or otherwise
2	Christian or
1	deserve to hear the full story of Jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .
2	deserve to hear the full story of Jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it
1	to hear the full story of Jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it
2	hear the full story of Jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it
2	hear the full story of Jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory --
2	the full story of Jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory --
2	the full story
2	full story
2	of Jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory --
3	Jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory --
2	Jonah 's despair
2	Jonah 's
2	-- in all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory --
2	in all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory --
2	in all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory
3	all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory
1	its agonizing , Catch-22 glory
2	agonizing , Catch-22 glory
1	agonizing , Catch-22
2	, Catch-22
2	even if they spend years trying to comprehend it
2	if they spend years trying to comprehend it
1	they spend years trying to comprehend it
1	spend years trying to comprehend it
2	years trying to comprehend it
2	trying to comprehend it
2	to comprehend it
3	comprehend it
1	Pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .
2	Pleasant but not more than recycled jock
3	Pleasant but not
2	but not
1	more than recycled jock
2	more than recycled
2	than recycled
1	piffle .
1	... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .
2	the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .
2	the kind of movie you see because the theater
2	the kind
2	of movie you see because the theater
2	movie you see because the theater
2	you see because the theater
3	see because the theater
2	because the theater
2	the theater
2	has air conditioning .
2	has air conditioning
2	air conditioning
1	With Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller `` New Best Friend '' , who needs enemies ?
0	With Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller `` New Best Friend '' , who needs enemies
0	Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller `` New Best Friend '' , who needs enemies
1	Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller `` New Best Friend '' ,
2	Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller `` New Best Friend ''
2	Zoe Clarke-Williams 's
3	Clarke-Williams 's
1	lackluster thriller `` New Best Friend ''
3	thriller `` New Best Friend ''
3	`` New Best Friend ''
3	New Best Friend ''
2	New Best Friend
2	Best Friend
2	who needs enemies
2	needs enemies
1	Just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .
0	Just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
1	Just another generic drama
1	another generic drama
1	generic drama
1	that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
0	has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
0	nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
1	going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
1	for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
1	it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
1	other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
1	than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
0	its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
2	its exploitive array
2	exploitive array
1	of obligatory cheap
1	obligatory cheap
2	thrills .
1	Hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .
1	Hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity
2	Hip-hop prison thriller
2	prison thriller
1	of stupefying absurdity
2	stupefying absurdity
1	An uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .
3	An uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening
1	An uneven mix
2	uneven mix
2	of dark satire and childhood awakening
2	dark satire and childhood awakening
3	satire and childhood awakening
2	and childhood awakening
2	childhood awakening
2	aside from showing us in explicit detail how difficult it is to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd , there 's little to be learned from watching ` Comedian '
2	aside from showing us in explicit detail how difficult it is to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd
3	from showing us in explicit detail how difficult it is to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd
2	showing us in explicit detail how difficult it is to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd
2	showing us in explicit detail
2	showing us
2	in explicit detail
2	explicit detail
2	how difficult it is to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd
1	how difficult
2	it is to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd
3	is to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd
2	to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd
2	win over the two-drink-minimum crowd
3	win over
2	the two-drink-minimum crowd
2	two-drink-minimum crowd
1	, there 's little to be learned from watching ` Comedian '
1	there 's little to be learned from watching ` Comedian '
1	's little to be learned from watching ` Comedian '
1	little to be learned from watching ` Comedian '
2	to be learned from watching ` Comedian '
2	be learned from watching ` Comedian '
3	learned from watching ` Comedian '
2	from watching ` Comedian '
2	watching ` Comedian '
2	` Comedian '
3	Comedian '
2	A perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland , competently acted but by no means scary horror movie .
3	A perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland , competently
2	perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland , competently
3	perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland ,
2	perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland
3	perfectly acceptable ,
3	perfectly acceptable
0	perfectly bland
2	acted but by no means scary horror movie .
2	acted but by no means scary horror movie
2	acted but
2	by no means scary horror movie
2	by no
1	means scary horror movie
3	scary horror movie
2	horror movie
1	The film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves Blue Crush waterlogged .
1	The film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves Blue Crush waterlogged
1	The film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but
1	The film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , '
1	The film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama ,
2	The film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama
2	The film
2	would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama
1	have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama
2	been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama
2	more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama
3	more enjoyable
1	had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama
2	the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama
2	the balance
2	shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama
2	shifted in favor of water-bound action
2	in favor of water-bound action
2	favor of water-bound action
2	of water-bound action
2	water-bound action
2	over the land-based ` drama
2	the land-based ` drama
2	land-based ` drama
2	` drama
1	the emphasis on the latter leaves Blue Crush waterlogged
2	the emphasis on the latter
2	the emphasis
2	on the latter
2	the latter
1	leaves Blue Crush waterlogged
2	Blue Crush waterlogged
2	Blue Crush
0	The problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .
2	The problem
1	is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .
0	is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage
1	the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage
0	the needlessly poor quality
0	needlessly poor quality
0	poor quality
2	of its archival prints and film footage
2	its archival prints and film footage
2	archival prints and film footage
2	prints and film footage
2	and film footage
2	film footage
1	The images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
2	The images
0	lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
1	lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable
0	lack contrast , are murky and
0	lack contrast , are murky
1	lack contrast ,
1	lack contrast
2	are murky
1	are frequently too dark to be decipherable
2	are frequently
0	too dark to be decipherable
1	dark to be decipherable
2	to be decipherable
2	be decipherable
0	Like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz .
0	Like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz
1	Like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long :
0	Like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long
2	Like a soft drink
2	a soft drink
2	soft drink
2	that 's been sitting open too long
2	's been sitting open too long
2	been sitting open too long
1	sitting open too long
2	sitting open
1	too long
1	it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz
1	's too much syrup and not enough fizz
2	too much syrup and not enough fizz
2	too much syrup and
1	too much syrup
2	much syrup
1	not enough fizz
2	enough fizz
0	As the movie dragged on , I thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
1	As the movie dragged on
1	the movie dragged on
2	the movie
1	dragged on
0	, I thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
0	I thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
0	thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
1	thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
1	I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
1	heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
2	heard a mysterious voice , and
2	heard a mysterious voice ,
2	heard a mysterious voice
2	a mysterious voice
2	mysterious voice
0	felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
0	myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
1	powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
0	drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
1	toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
2	the light -- the light of the exit sign
2	the light --
2	the light
1	the light of the exit sign
2	the light
2	of the exit sign
2	the exit sign
1	exit sign
0	I have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short .
0	I have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short
1	I have returned from the beyond to warn you :
1	I have returned from the beyond to warn you
1	have returned from the beyond to warn you
2	returned from the beyond to warn you
2	returned from the beyond
2	from the beyond
2	the beyond
2	to warn you
2	warn you
1	this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short
1	this movie is 90 minutes long , and
2	this movie is 90 minutes long ,
2	this movie is 90 minutes long
2	this movie
2	is 90 minutes long
2	90 minutes long
2	90 minutes
2	life is too short
1	is too short
2	too short
1	There are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .
1	There are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer
1	There are some fairly unsettling scenes , but
1	There are some fairly unsettling scenes ,
1	There are some fairly unsettling scenes
1	are some fairly unsettling scenes
1	some fairly unsettling scenes
1	fairly unsettling scenes
2	fairly unsettling
1	they never succeed in really rattling the viewer
1	never succeed in really rattling the viewer
3	succeed in really rattling the viewer
2	in really rattling the viewer
1	really rattling the viewer
3	rattling the viewer
2	the viewer
2	The Emperor 's Club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but ...
2	The Emperor 's Club
2	The Emperor 's
2	Emperor 's
2	is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but ...
3	is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but
3	one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but
2	of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but
2	those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but
2	those films
3	that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but
3	possesses all the good intentions in the world , but
3	possesses all the good intentions in the world ,
3	possesses all the good intentions in the world
3	possesses all the good intentions
2	all the good intentions
3	the good intentions
3	good intentions
2	in the world
2	the world
1	In the end , The Weight of Water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries . '
2	In the end
2	the end
1	, The Weight of Water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries . '
1	The Weight of Water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries . '
2	The Weight of Water
2	The Weight
2	of Water
1	comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries . '
1	comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries .
0	comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries
1	to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries
2	resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries
1	the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries
1	the kind of soft-core twaddle
2	the kind
1	of soft-core twaddle
1	soft-core twaddle
2	you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries
3	'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries
2	expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries
2	to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries
2	see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries
2	see on
2	Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries
2	Showtime 's
3	` Red Shoe Diaries
2	Red Shoe Diaries
2	Shoe Diaries
1	A straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .
3	A straight-ahead thriller that
3	A straight-ahead thriller
3	straight-ahead thriller
0	never rises above superficiality .
4	rises above superficiality .
3	rises above superficiality
3	above superficiality
1	Glizty but formulaic and silly ... Cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .
2	Glizty but formulaic and silly
2	but formulaic and silly
2	formulaic and silly
2	formulaic and
0	... Cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .
2	Cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .
0	Cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel
3	Cagney 's ` top of the world '
2	Cagney 's
4	` top of the world '
2	top of the world '
2	top of the world
2	of the world
2	the world
0	has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel
0	been replaced by the bottom of the barrel
2	replaced by the bottom of the barrel
2	by the bottom of the barrel
0	the bottom of the barrel
2	the bottom
2	of the barrel
2	the barrel
1	The re - enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .
2	The re
2	- enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .
1	enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .
1	enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well
3	enactments , however fascinating they may be as history ,
2	enactments , however fascinating they may be as history
2	enactments ,
2	however fascinating they may be as history
3	fascinating they may be as history
1	they may be as history
3	may be as history
2	be as history
3	as history
1	are too crude to serve the work especially well
1	too crude to serve the work especially well
3	crude to serve the work especially well
3	to serve the work especially well
3	serve the work especially well
2	serve the work
2	the work
3	especially well
1	Is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic ?
0	Is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic
2	Is anyone else
2	Is anyone
2	out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic
2	out there
0	getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic
1	tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic
1	of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic
2	the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic
1	the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action
1	whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action
2	slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action
3	, double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action
2	double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action
2	, ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action
2	ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action
2	Hong Kong action
3	Kong action
1	Once again , director Chris Columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
2	Once again
0	, director Chris Columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
1	director Chris Columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
2	director Chris Columbus
2	Chris Columbus
0	takes a hat-in-hand approach to Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
0	takes a hat-in-hand approach to Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours
3	takes a hat-in-hand approach
2	a hat-in-hand approach
2	hat-in-hand approach
0	to Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours
0	Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours
0	that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours
1	stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours
1	stifles creativity and
1	stifles creativity
0	allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours
0	the film to drag on for nearly three hours
0	film to drag on for nearly three hours
1	to drag on for nearly three hours
1	drag on for nearly three hours
1	drag on
3	for nearly three hours
2	nearly three hours
2	nearly three
1	Serving Sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .
2	Serving Sara
1	is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .
0	is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time
1	little more than a mall movie designed to kill time
2	little more
0	than a mall movie designed to kill time
1	a mall movie designed to kill time
2	a mall movie
1	mall movie
2	designed to kill time
2	to kill time
2	kill time
1	Too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
2	Too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like
1	smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like
2	to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like
1	ignore but a little too smugly superior to like
1	ignore but a little too smugly superior
1	but a little too smugly superior
1	but a little too smugly
1	a little too smugly
2	a little too
2	a little
3	to like
1	, this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
1	this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
2	could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
1	could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot
0	be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot
1	a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot
2	a movie
1	that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot
1	ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot
2	ends up
0	slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot
1	slapping its target audience in the face
1	slapping its target audience
2	its target audience
2	target audience
2	in the face
2	the face
0	by shooting itself in the foot
1	shooting itself in the foot
1	shooting itself
2	in the foot
2	the foot
2	A well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog .
4	A well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog
4	A well-made
2	but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog
1	emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog
1	emotionally scattered film
2	emotionally scattered
2	whose hero gives his heart only to the dog
2	whose hero
2	gives his heart only to the dog
2	gives his heart only
3	gives his heart
3	his heart
2	to the dog
2	the dog
1	The most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since Roland Joffé and Demi Moore 's The Scarlet Letter .
0	The most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since Roland Joffé and Demi Moore
0	The most repugnant adaptation
0	most repugnant adaptation
0	most repugnant
3	of a classic text since Roland Joffé and Demi Moore
3	a classic text since Roland Joffé and Demi Moore
3	a classic text
3	classic text
2	since Roland Joffé and Demi Moore
2	Roland Joffé and Demi Moore
2	Roland Joffé and
2	Roland Joffé
2	Demi Moore
2	's The Scarlet Letter .
2	's The Scarlet Letter
2	The Scarlet Letter
2	Scarlet Letter
2	The isolated moments of creative insanity finally are lost in the thin soup of canned humor .
3	The isolated moments of creative insanity
2	The isolated moments
2	isolated moments
3	of creative insanity
2	creative insanity
2	finally are lost in the thin soup of canned humor .
1	are lost in the thin soup of canned humor .
2	are lost in the thin soup of canned humor
1	lost in the thin soup of canned humor
1	in the thin soup of canned humor
1	the thin soup of canned humor
2	the thin soup
1	thin soup
1	of canned humor
1	canned humor
2	As a movie , it never seems fresh and vital .
3	As a movie
2	a movie
2	, it never seems fresh and vital .
1	it never seems fresh and vital .
1	never seems fresh and vital .
4	seems fresh and vital .
4	seems fresh and vital
3	fresh and vital
4	fresh and
1	It never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .
0	never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .
2	plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .
2	plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people
3	plays as dramatic
2	as dramatic
2	even when dramatic things happen to people
2	when dramatic things happen to people
1	dramatic things happen to people
2	dramatic things
2	happen to people
2	to people
1	It labours as storytelling .
1	labours as storytelling .
1	labours as storytelling
2	as storytelling
0	The Adventures of Pluto Nash is a whole lot of nada .
2	The Adventures of Pluto Nash
2	The Adventures
2	of Pluto Nash
2	Pluto Nash
1	is a whole lot of nada .
1	is a whole lot of nada
0	a whole lot of nada
3	a whole lot
2	whole lot
2	of nada
1	A really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .
3	A really good premise
4	really good premise
4	really good
1	is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .
1	is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness
1	frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness
1	frittered away
1	in middle-of-the-road blandness
1	middle-of-the-road blandness
1	Lawrence should stick to his day job .
0	should stick to his day job .
1	should stick to his day job
1	stick to his day job
3	to his day job
2	his day job
2	day job
3	He 's a better actor than a standup comedian .
2	's a better actor than a standup comedian .
2	's a better actor than a standup comedian
2	a better actor than a standup comedian
2	a better actor
3	better actor
2	than a standup comedian
2	a standup comedian
2	standup comedian
0	Despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as I thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie
2	Despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as I thought it was going to be
2	the fact that this film was n't as bad as I thought it was going to be
2	the fact
3	that this film was n't as bad as I thought it was going to be
2	this film was n't as bad as I thought it was going to be
2	this film
3	was n't as bad as I thought it was going to be
2	was n't as bad
2	was n't
1	as bad
2	as I thought it was going to be
2	I thought it was going to be
3	thought it was going to be
3	it was going to be
2	was going to be
2	going to be
2	to be
0	, it 's still not a good movie
1	it 's still not a good movie
1	's still not a good movie
2	's still
1	not a good movie
4	a good movie
3	good movie
3	A well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .
2	A well
2	made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .
1	made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars
2	made indieflick
1	in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars
2	need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars
1	need of some trims and
1	need of some trims
2	of some trims
2	some trims
2	a more chemistry between its stars
2	a more chemistry
2	more chemistry
2	between its stars
2	its stars
1	I never thought I 'd say this , but I 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies !
1	I never thought I 'd say this , but I 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies
2	I never thought I 'd say this , but
2	I never thought I 'd say this ,
2	I never thought I 'd say this
3	never thought I 'd say this
2	thought I 'd say this
2	I 'd say this
2	'd say this
2	say this
1	I 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies
1	'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies
2	'd much rather
2	much rather
2	watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies
2	watch teens
1	poking their genitals into fruit pies
2	poking their genitals
2	their genitals
2	into fruit pies
2	fruit pies
3	A film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy .
1	A film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy
2	A film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic ,
1	A film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic
2	A film neither bitter nor sweet ,
1	A film neither bitter nor sweet
2	A film
2	neither bitter nor sweet
3	bitter nor sweet
2	bitter nor
1	neither romantic nor comedic
2	romantic nor comedic
2	romantic nor
2	neither warm nor fuzzy
1	warm nor fuzzy
2	warm nor
0	Tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .
1	derivative and hammily acted .
1	derivative and hammily
2	derivative and
2	acted .
0	We never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and Michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .
0	We never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and Michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest
1	We never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and
1	We never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together ,
0	We never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together
1	never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together
3	truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together
2	truly come to care about the main characters and
3	truly come to care about the main characters
3	come to care about the main characters
2	to care about the main characters
2	care about the main characters
2	about the main characters
2	the main characters
2	main characters
2	whether or not they 'll wind up together
1	whether or not
2	whether or
2	they 'll wind up together
2	'll wind up together
2	wind up together
2	wind up
1	Michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest
2	Michele 's spiritual quest
2	Michele 's
2	spiritual quest
0	is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest
0	neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest
1	amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest
2	amusing nor
3	dramatic enough to sustain interest
3	dramatic enough
2	to sustain interest
3	sustain interest
1	The plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution .
1	The plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution
2	The plot grows thin soon , and
1	The plot grows thin soon ,
1	The plot grows thin soon
2	The plot
1	grows thin soon
1	grows thin
1	you find yourself praying for a quick resolution
2	find yourself praying for a quick resolution
0	yourself praying for a quick resolution
2	praying for a quick resolution
2	for a quick resolution
2	a quick resolution
2	quick resolution
1	Too bad Maggio could n't come up with a better script .
2	Too bad Maggio
2	Too bad
0	could n't come up with a better script .
2	could n't come up with a better script
1	could n't
1	come up with a better script
2	come up
3	with a better script
3	a better script
3	better script
1	Much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .
2	Much of the cast
2	of the cast
2	the cast
1	is stiff or just plain bad .
0	is stiff or just plain bad
0	stiff or just plain bad
2	stiff or
0	just plain bad
1	plain bad
1	Rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories .
1	is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories .
0	is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories
2	is too
2	pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories
2	a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories
2	filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories
3	to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories
2	bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories
2	bring any edge or personality
2	any edge or personality
2	edge or personality
3	edge or
3	to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories
3	The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories
2	The Rising Place
2	Rising Place
3	that would set it apart from other Deep South stories
2	would set it apart from other Deep South stories
3	set it apart from other Deep South stories
2	set it apart
2	set it
2	from other Deep South stories
2	other Deep South stories
2	Deep South stories
2	South stories
1	At best , Cletis Tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
3	At best
0	, Cletis Tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
0	Cletis Tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
2	Cletis Tout
1	might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
0	might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience
0	inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience
3	inspire a trip to the video store --
2	inspire a trip to the video store
2	inspire a trip
3	a trip
2	to the video store
2	the video store
2	video store
1	in search of a better movie experience
2	search of a better movie experience
2	of a better movie experience
4	a better movie experience
3	better movie experience
2	movie experience
1	Witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic .
1	Witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic
1	Witless ,
0	pointless , tasteless and idiotic
1	, tasteless and idiotic
2	tasteless and idiotic
1	tasteless and
1	Not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at .
2	really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at .
2	really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at
3	really a thriller so much
3	really a thriller
3	a thriller
2	so much
3	as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at
2	a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at
2	a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss
2	a movie
3	for teens to laugh , groan and hiss
2	teens to laugh , groan and hiss
3	to laugh , groan and hiss
2	laugh , groan and hiss
1	, groan and hiss
1	groan and hiss
3	groan and
0	As plain and pedestrian as catsup --
0	As plain and pedestrian as catsup
1	As plain and pedestrian as
2	As plain and
2	As plain
2	pedestrian as
3	An improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen Poke-mania that have preceded it .
3	An improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen Poke-mania that have preceded it
2	An improvement
2	on the feeble examples of big-screen Poke-mania that have preceded it
1	the feeble examples of big-screen Poke-mania that have preceded it
1	the feeble examples of big-screen Poke-mania
1	the feeble examples
2	feeble examples
2	of big-screen Poke-mania
2	big-screen Poke-mania
3	that have preceded it
3	have preceded it
2	preceded it
2	I know we 're not supposed to take it seriously , but I ca n't shake the thought that Undercover Brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary .
1	I know we 're not supposed to take it seriously , but I ca n't shake the thought that Undercover Brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary
2	I know we 're not supposed to take it seriously , but
2	I know we 're not supposed to take it seriously ,
2	I know we 're not supposed to take it seriously
1	know we 're not supposed to take it seriously
1	we 're not supposed to take it seriously
2	're not supposed to take it seriously
2	're not
2	supposed to take it seriously
2	to take it seriously
3	take it seriously
3	take it
1	I ca n't shake the thought that Undercover Brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary
1	ca n't shake the thought that Undercover Brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary
2	ca n't
3	shake the thought that Undercover Brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary
2	shake the thought
2	the thought
1	that Undercover Brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary
1	Undercover Brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary
2	Undercover Brother
1	missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary
1	an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary
3	opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary
2	to strongly present some profound social commentary
3	strongly present some profound social commentary
3	present some profound social commentary
3	some profound social commentary
3	profound social commentary
2	social commentary
2	Your stomach for Heaven depends largely on your appetite for canned corn .
2	Your stomach for Heaven
2	Your stomach
2	for Heaven
0	depends largely on your appetite for canned corn .
1	depends largely on your appetite for canned corn
2	depends largely
2	on your appetite for canned corn
1	your appetite for canned corn
2	your appetite
2	for canned corn
2	canned corn
2	A picture as erratic as its central character .
3	A picture
1	as erratic as its central character .
1	as erratic as its central character
2	erratic as its central character
2	as its central character
2	its central character
2	central character
1	Whatever satire Lucky Break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
2	Whatever satire Lucky Break was aiming for
2	satire Lucky Break was aiming for
3	satire Lucky Break
2	Lucky Break
2	was aiming for
2	aiming for
2	, it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
1	it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
0	certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
0	got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
1	got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile
1	lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile
1	lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison
1	in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison
1	the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison
1	the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section
0	`` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section
1	soon-to-be-forgettable '' section
2	'' section
2	of the quirky rip-off prison
2	the quirky rip-off prison
1	quirky rip-off prison
2	rip-off prison
1	romp pile
0	It 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
1	's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
0	petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
1	petty thievery
1	like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
1	this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
2	that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
0	puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
2	puts flimsy flicks
1	flimsy flicks
2	like this behind bars
2	this behind bars
3	behind bars
1	The package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic .
3	The package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped
2	The package
3	in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped
2	in which
3	this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped
3	this fascinating -- and timely -- content
3	fascinating -- and timely -- content
4	fascinating -- and timely --
3	-- and timely --
3	-- and timely
2	-- and
2	comes wrapped
0	is disappointingly generic .
0	is disappointingly generic
0	disappointingly generic
1	Guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets .
2	say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets .
0	say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets
2	mean things and shoot a lot of bullets
2	mean things and
1	mean things
2	shoot a lot of bullets
2	a lot of bullets
2	a lot
2	of bullets
0	Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .
0	Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares
0	Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really ,
1	Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and
1	Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson ,
1	Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson
2	Some of the characters die and
2	Some of the characters die
2	Some of the characters
2	of the characters
2	the characters
2	others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson
2	others do n't , and
3	others do n't ,
2	others do n't
2	do n't
2	the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson
2	the film
2	pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson
2	that those living have learned some sort of lesson
2	those living have learned some sort of lesson
2	those living
2	have learned some sort of lesson
2	learned some sort of lesson
2	some sort of lesson
2	some sort
2	of lesson
2	, really ,
2	really ,
1	nobody in the viewing audience cares
2	nobody in the viewing audience
2	in the viewing audience
2	the viewing audience
2	viewing audience
1	Wildly incompetent but brilliantly named Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal pessimists : Totally Past His Prime .
1	Wildly incompetent but brilliantly named Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal pessimists : Totally Past His Prime
1	Wildly incompetent but brilliantly named Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal pessimists :
2	Wildly incompetent but brilliantly named Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal pessimists
1	Wildly incompetent but brilliantly named Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal
0	Wildly incompetent
2	but brilliantly named Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal
1	brilliantly named Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal
2	named Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal
1	Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal
2	Half Past Dead
2	Past Dead
2	-- or for Seagal
2	-- or
2	for Seagal
1	Totally Past His Prime
2	Totally Past
2	His Prime
0	Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .
0	Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm
0	Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit
1	Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ...
0	Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence
2	Just another combination
2	another combination
0	of bad animation and mindless violence
1	bad animation and mindless violence
1	bad animation and
1	bad animation
2	mindless violence
1	lacking the slightest bit
2	the slightest bit
2	slightest bit
3	of wit or charm
2	wit or charm
2	wit or
0	All the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .
2	All the movie 's narrative gymnastics
2	the movie 's narrative gymnastics
2	the movie 's
2	movie 's
2	narrative gymnastics
0	ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .
1	ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling
2	ca n't
0	disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling
1	disguise the fact
2	the fact
0	that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling
2	that it 's inauthentic at its core and
1	that it 's inauthentic at its core
1	it 's inauthentic at its core
2	's inauthentic at its core
1	inauthentic at its core
2	at its core
3	its core
0	that its story just is n't worth telling
0	its story just is n't worth telling
2	its story
0	just is n't worth telling
1	is n't worth telling
1	is n't
3	worth telling
0	Much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here .
2	Much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle
1	Much like its easily dismissive
2	like its easily dismissive
1	its easily dismissive
1	easily dismissive
3	take on the upscale lifestyle
2	on the upscale lifestyle
3	the upscale lifestyle
2	upscale lifestyle
1	, there is n't much there here .
1	there is n't much there here .
1	is n't much there here .
2	is n't much there here
2	is n't much
1	is n't
2	there here
1	The film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...
2	The film
2	ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...
0	ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive
2	offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive
1	offers nothing
2	more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive
3	more than people
2	than people
2	in an urban jungle needing other people to survive
2	an urban jungle needing other people to survive
2	an urban jungle
2	urban jungle
2	needing other people to survive
1	needing other people
2	other people
2	to survive
1	For all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian .
2	For all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases
3	For all its shoot-outs
2	all its shoot-outs
2	its shoot-outs
2	, fistfights , and car chases
2	fistfights , and car chases
2	fistfights , and car
2	fistfights , and
2	fistfights ,
0	, this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian .
0	this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian .
2	this movie
0	is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian .
0	is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian
0	a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian
0	a phlegmatic bore ,
1	a phlegmatic bore
0	phlegmatic bore
0	so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian
1	tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian
1	it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian
1	makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian
3	the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian
2	the silly spy vs. spy film
2	the silly spy
2	silly spy
2	vs. spy film
2	spy film
2	The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian
2	The Sum of All Fears
2	The Sum
2	of All Fears
2	All Fears
3	, starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian
2	starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian
2	starring Ben Affleck
3	Ben Affleck
2	, seem downright Hitchcockian
3	seem downright Hitchcockian
3	downright Hitchcockian
1	This mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , John C. Walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .
2	This mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , John C. Walsh ,
2	This mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , John C. Walsh
2	This mild-mannered farce ,
2	This mild-mannered farce
2	mild-mannered farce
2	directed by one of its writers , John C. Walsh
2	by one of its writers , John C. Walsh
2	one of its writers , John C. Walsh
2	of its writers , John C. Walsh
2	its writers , John C. Walsh
2	its writers ,
2	its writers
2	John C. Walsh
2	C. Walsh
1	is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .
2	is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago
2	corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago
1	in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago
1	a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago
2	a way
2	that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago
1	bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago
0	an expiration date passed a long time ago
2	an expiration date
1	expiration date
2	passed a long time ago
2	passed a long time
2	a long time
2	long time
1	A bit too eager to please .
1	A bit too eager to please
2	A bit
1	too eager to please
3	eager to please
2	to please
1	You 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -LRB- than Leon -RRB- .
2	'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -LRB- than Leon -RRB- .
1	'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -LRB- than Leon -RRB-
0	be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -LRB- than Leon -RRB-
1	hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -LRB- than Leon -RRB-
1	put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -LRB- than Leon -RRB-
1	to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -LRB- than Leon -RRB-
0	find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -LRB- than Leon -RRB-
1	a movie character more unattractive or odorous -LRB- than Leon -RRB-
2	a movie character more unattractive or odorous
2	a movie character
2	movie character
1	more unattractive or odorous
0	unattractive or odorous
2	unattractive or
3	-LRB- than Leon -RRB-
2	than Leon -RRB-
2	than Leon
1	Kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .
2	Kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material
2	Kapur 's contradictory feelings
2	Kapur 's
2	contradictory feelings
2	about his material
2	his material
1	result in a movie that works against itself .
0	result in a movie that works against itself
1	in a movie that works against itself
2	a movie that works against itself
2	a movie
1	that works against itself
1	works against itself
3	against itself
3	`` the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store ''
1	the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store ''
2	the road
1	paved with good intentions leads to the video store ''
1	paved with good intentions leads to the video store
2	with good intentions leads to the video store
0	good intentions leads to the video store
3	good intentions
2	leads to the video store
2	to the video store
2	the video store
2	video store
1	Animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .
1	Animated drivel
0	meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .
1	meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots
1	to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots
2	enhance the self-image of drooling idiots
1	the self-image of drooling idiots
3	the self-image
1	of drooling idiots
0	drooling idiots
1	One scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud .
1	One scene after another in this supposedly funny movie
3	One scene
2	after another in this supposedly funny movie
2	another in this supposedly funny movie
2	in this supposedly funny movie
0	this supposedly funny movie
1	supposedly funny movie
1	supposedly funny
1	falls to the floor with a sickening thud .
1	falls to the floor with a sickening thud
1	to the floor with a sickening thud
2	the floor with a sickening thud
2	the floor
1	with a sickening thud
1	a sickening thud
1	sickening thud
0	` The Château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
0	The Château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
2	The Château
0	is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
1	is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot .
1	is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot
1	is never quite able
2	is never
3	quite able
1	to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot
1	overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot
0	the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot
2	the cultural moat
2	cultural moat
0	surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot
1	its ludicrous and contrived plot
0	ludicrous and contrived plot
0	ludicrous and contrived
1	ludicrous and
2	Meyjes focuses too much on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the - making .
1	focuses too much on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the - making .
1	focuses too much on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the - making
1	focuses too much on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the -
1	focuses too much on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
2	too much on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
1	much on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
1	on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
2	Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
1	when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
1	he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
1	should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
1	be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
1	filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
3	filling the screen
2	the screen
0	with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
2	this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
2	this tortured , dull artist and
0	this tortured , dull artist
1	tortured , dull artist
1	tortured , dull
2	, dull
1	Jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from Nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .
1	Jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from Nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive
2	Jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from Nijinsky 's writings to perform , and
1	Jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from Nijinsky 's writings to perform ,
2	Jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from Nijinsky 's writings to perform
3	Jacobi , the most fluent of actors ,
2	Jacobi , the most fluent of actors
2	Jacobi ,
3	the most fluent of actors
2	the most fluent
2	most fluent
2	of actors
2	is given relatively dry material from Nijinsky 's writings to perform
1	given relatively dry material from Nijinsky 's writings to perform
2	given relatively dry material
1	relatively dry material
1	relatively dry
2	from Nijinsky 's writings to perform
2	Nijinsky 's writings to perform
2	Nijinsky 's
3	writings to perform
3	to perform
1	the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive
3	the visuals , even erotically frank ones ,
2	the visuals , even erotically frank ones
2	the visuals ,
2	the visuals
2	even erotically frank ones
2	even erotically frank
3	erotically frank
1	become dullingly repetitive
0	dullingly repetitive
3	Crudup 's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families .
3	Crudup 's screen presence
2	Crudup 's
3	screen presence
2	is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families .
3	is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families
1	the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families
2	the one thing
2	one thing
3	that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families
3	holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families
3	holds interest
2	in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families
2	the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families
2	the midst
1	of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families
1	a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families
2	a mushy , existential exploration
1	mushy , existential exploration
2	, existential exploration
3	existential exploration
2	of why men leave their families
2	why men leave their families
2	men leave their families
1	leave their families
2	their families
2	There is one surefire way to get a nomination for a best-foreign-film Oscar : Make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture .
2	is one surefire way to get a nomination for a best-foreign-film Oscar : Make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture .
2	is one surefire way to get a nomination for a best-foreign-film Oscar : Make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture
3	one surefire way to get a nomination for a best-foreign-film Oscar : Make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture
2	one surefire way
2	surefire way
2	to get a nomination for a best-foreign-film Oscar : Make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture
4	get a nomination for a best-foreign-film Oscar : Make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture
3	a nomination for a best-foreign-film Oscar : Make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture
2	a nomination for a best-foreign-film Oscar : Make a movie about whimsical folk
4	a nomination for a best-foreign-film Oscar :
4	a nomination for a best-foreign-film Oscar
2	a nomination
3	for a best-foreign-film Oscar
4	a best-foreign-film Oscar
4	best-foreign-film Oscar
2	Make a movie about whimsical folk
3	a movie about whimsical folk
2	a movie
3	about whimsical folk
2	whimsical folk
2	who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture
3	learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture
2	learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson
2	a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson
2	nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson
2	, life-affirming lesson
2	life-affirming lesson
2	while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture
3	walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture
2	walking around a foreign city
2	walking around
2	a foreign city
2	foreign city
4	with stunning architecture
2	stunning architecture
0	Despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets finds a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
3	Despite terrific special effects and funnier gags
3	terrific special effects and funnier gags
4	terrific special effects and
4	terrific special effects
2	special effects
3	funnier gags
0	, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets finds a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
0	Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets finds a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
2	Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
2	Harry Potter and
2	Harry Potter
2	the Chamber of Secrets
2	the Chamber
2	of Secrets
0	finds a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
1	finds a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
0	a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
0	way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
0	to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
1	make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
3	make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series
4	J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series
2	J.K. Rowling 's
2	Rowling 's
4	marvelous series
0	into a deadly bore
0	a deadly bore
0	deadly bore
1	An incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .
1	An incredibly narrow in-joke
2	incredibly narrow in-joke
2	incredibly narrow
1	targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .
1	targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic
1	to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic
1	the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic
2	the tiniest segment
2	tiniest segment
1	of an already obscure demographic
1	an already obscure demographic
2	already obscure demographic
1	already obscure
1	The only thing I laughed at were the people who paid to see it .
1	The only thing I laughed at
2	The only thing
2	only thing
3	I laughed at
3	laughed at
1	were the people who paid to see it .
2	were the people who paid to see it
2	the people who paid to see it
2	the people
1	who paid to see it
2	paid to see it
2	to see it
3	see it
1	All of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director George Hickenlooper 's approach to the material is too upbeat .
2	All of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director George Hickenlooper 's approach to the material is too upbeat
3	All of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but
4	All of the elements are in place for a great film noir ,
3	All of the elements are in place for a great film noir
2	All of the elements
2	of the elements
2	the elements
3	are in place for a great film noir
4	in place for a great film noir
3	place for a great film noir
3	for a great film noir
3	a great film noir
4	great film noir
2	film noir
2	director George Hickenlooper 's approach to the material is too upbeat
2	director George Hickenlooper 's approach to the material
2	director George Hickenlooper 's approach
2	director George Hickenlooper 's
3	George Hickenlooper 's
2	Hickenlooper 's
2	to the material
2	the material
1	is too upbeat
2	too upbeat
1	The hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .
2	The hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband
1	The hackneyed story
1	hackneyed story
2	about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband
3	an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband
2	an affluent damsel in distress
2	an affluent damsel
2	affluent damsel
2	in distress
2	who decides to fight her bully of a husband
2	decides to fight her bully of a husband
2	to fight her bully of a husband
2	fight her bully of a husband
1	her bully of a husband
2	her bully
2	of a husband
2	a husband
1	is simply too overdone .
1	is simply too overdone
2	is simply
1	too overdone
2	the phone rings and a voice tells you you 've got seven days left to live .
2	the phone rings and a voice tells you
2	the phone rings and a voice
2	the phone rings and
2	the phone rings
2	phone rings
2	a voice
2	tells you
2	you 've got seven days left to live .
1	've got seven days left to live .
1	've got seven days left to live
2	got seven days left to live
1	seven days left to live
2	seven days
2	left to live
2	to live
1	Then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees .
2	you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees .
2	get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees .
1	get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees
1	another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees
2	another phone
2	call warning you that if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees
2	warning you that if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees
1	warning you
1	that if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees
0	if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees
2	if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight
2	the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight
2	the video
2	is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight
2	is n't back at Blockbuster
1	is n't
2	back at Blockbuster
3	at Blockbuster
2	before midnight
2	, you 're going to face frightening late fees
1	you 're going to face frightening late fees
1	're going to face frightening late fees
1	going to face frightening late fees
1	to face frightening late fees
1	face frightening late fees
1	frightening late fees
1	late fees
2	O.K. , not really .
2	O.K. , not really
2	O.K. ,
2	not really
1	Possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .
0	the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .
2	the most irresponsible picture
2	most irresponsible picture
1	most irresponsible
3	ever released by a major film studio .
2	ever released by a major film studio
2	released by a major film studio
2	by a major film studio
2	a major film studio
2	major film studio
2	film studio
2	The film 's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling .
2	The film 's overall mood and focus
2	The film 's
2	film 's
3	overall mood and focus
2	mood and focus
2	mood and
1	is interesting but constantly unfulfilling .
1	is interesting but constantly unfulfilling
1	interesting but constantly unfulfilling
2	interesting but
0	constantly unfulfilling
0	... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
0	a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
1	a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror
0	a cheap , ludicrous attempt
0	cheap , ludicrous attempt
2	, ludicrous attempt
0	ludicrous attempt
2	at serious horror
2	serious horror
0	Those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .
2	Those of you who are not an eighth grade girl
2	Those of you
2	of you
2	who are not an eighth grade girl
2	are not an eighth grade girl
2	are not
2	an eighth grade girl
2	eighth grade girl
2	grade girl
0	will most likely doze off during this one .
1	will most likely doze off during this one
2	will most likely
2	most likely
0	doze off during this one
1	doze off
2	during this one
2	this one
1	Befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
1	Befuddled in its characterizations
3	in its characterizations
2	its characterizations
2	as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
1	it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
1	begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
1	to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
1	seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
2	seem as long
2	as long
2	as the two year affair which is its subject
2	the two year affair which is its subject
2	the two year affair
2	two year affair
2	year affair
2	which is its subject
2	is its subject
2	its subject
2	From beginning to end , this overheated melodrama plays like a student film .
2	From beginning to end
2	beginning to end
2	to end
0	, this overheated melodrama plays like a student film .
1	this overheated melodrama plays like a student film .
1	this overheated melodrama
2	overheated melodrama
1	plays like a student film .
1	plays like a student film
1	like a student film
3	a student film
2	student film
1	The movie would seem less of a trifle if Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .
2	The movie
2	would seem less of a trifle if Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .
2	would seem less of a trifle if Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine
1	seem less of a trifle if Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine
1	less of a trifle if Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine
3	less of a trifle
2	less of
1	a trifle
1	if Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine
3	Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine
2	Ms. Sugarman
3	followed through on her defiance of the saccharine
3	followed through
2	on her defiance of the saccharine
2	her defiance of the saccharine
3	her defiance
2	of the saccharine
2	the saccharine
1	It 's just not very smart .
1	's just not very smart .
1	's just not very smart
2	's just not
2	's just
4	very smart
1	Like the excruciating End of Days , Collateral Damage presents Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions .
1	Like the excruciating End of Days , Collateral Damage presents Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions
1	Like the excruciating End of Days , Collateral Damage presents Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but
1	Like the excruciating End of Days , Collateral Damage presents Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure ,
2	Like the excruciating End of Days , Collateral Damage presents Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure
0	Like the excruciating End of Days
1	the excruciating End of Days
1	the excruciating End
0	excruciating End
2	of Days
1	, Collateral Damage presents Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure
2	Collateral Damage presents Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure
2	Collateral Damage
2	presents Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure
2	Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure
1	as a tragic figure
2	a tragic figure
2	tragic figure
1	sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions
1	really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions
2	belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions
1	with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions
1	any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions
2	any viewer
1	forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions
2	to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions
2	watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions
2	him try out so many complicated facial expressions
2	try out so many complicated facial expressions
2	try out
2	so many complicated facial expressions
2	many complicated facial expressions
2	many complicated
2	facial expressions
0	Imagine -LRB- if possible -RRB- a Pasolini film without passion or politics , or an Almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma .
1	Imagine -LRB- if possible -RRB- a Pasolini film without passion or politics , or an Almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma
1	Imagine -LRB- if possible -RRB- a Pasolini film without passion or politics , or an Almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and
1	Imagine -LRB- if possible -RRB- a Pasolini film without passion or politics , or an Almodovar movie without beauty or humor ,
2	Imagine -LRB- if possible -RRB- a Pasolini film without passion or politics , or an Almodovar movie without beauty or humor
2	Imagine -LRB- if possible -RRB- a Pasolini film without passion or politics , or
1	Imagine -LRB- if possible -RRB- a Pasolini film without passion or politics ,
0	Imagine -LRB- if possible -RRB- a Pasolini film without passion or politics
2	Imagine -LRB- if possible -RRB-
2	-LRB- if possible -RRB-
2	if possible -RRB-
2	possible -RRB-
1	a Pasolini film without passion or politics
2	a Pasolini film
2	Pasolini film
1	without passion or politics
2	passion or politics
2	passion or
2	an Almodovar movie without beauty or humor
2	an Almodovar movie
2	Almodovar movie
0	without beauty or humor
3	beauty or humor
2	beauty or
1	you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma
1	have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma
1	some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma
2	some idea
1	of the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma
1	the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma
2	the glum ,
2	the glum
1	numb experience of watching O Fantasma
1	numb experience
2	of watching O Fantasma
2	watching O Fantasma
2	O Fantasma
2	In trying to be daring and original , it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh .
3	In trying to be daring and original
2	trying to be daring and original
3	to be daring and original
3	be daring and original
4	daring and original
2	daring and
1	, it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh .
1	it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh .
1	comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh .
0	comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh
2	comes off
1	as only occasionally satirical and never fresh
0	only occasionally satirical and never fresh
3	only occasionally satirical and
2	only occasionally satirical
3	occasionally satirical
0	never fresh
0	90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .
1	90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping
0	90 punitive minutes
1	punitive minutes
2	of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping
2	eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping
2	eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and
3	eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups ,
2	eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups
2	eardrum-dicing gunplay ,
2	eardrum-dicing gunplay
2	screeching-metal smashups
1	flaccid odd-couple sniping
2	odd-couple sniping
1	Sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
1	, though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
2	though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
2	though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear
2	many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear
2	many of the actors
2	of the actors
2	the actors
2	throw off a spark or two when they first appear
2	throw off a spark or two
2	off a spark or two
2	a spark or two
2	spark or two
2	spark or
2	when they first appear
2	they first appear
2	first appear
0	, they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
0	they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
0	ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
1	ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction
2	ca n't
2	generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction
3	generate enough heat
2	enough heat
2	in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction
1	this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction
2	this cold vacuum
2	cold vacuum
2	of a comedy to start a reaction
3	a comedy to start a reaction
3	comedy to start a reaction
2	to start a reaction
2	start a reaction
2	a reaction
0	Never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .
1	capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .
1	capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance
2	capitalizes on this concept and opts
2	on this concept and opts
2	this concept and opts
2	this concept and
2	this concept
1	for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance
2	the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance
1	the breezy and amateurish feel
2	breezy and amateurish feel
2	breezy and amateurish
2	breezy and
2	of an after school special on the subject of tolerance
2	an after school special on the subject of tolerance
3	an after school special
2	after school special
2	school special
2	on the subject of tolerance
2	the subject of tolerance
2	the subject
2	of tolerance
1	After a while , Hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .
1	After a while
2	a while
1	, Hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .
0	Hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .
3	Hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses --
2	Hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses
2	Hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms ,
2	Hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms
2	Hoffman 's
2	quirks and mannerisms
2	quirks and
2	particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses
4	his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses
3	his penchant for tearing up on cue --
2	his penchant for tearing up on cue
3	his penchant
2	for tearing up on cue
2	tearing up on cue
2	tearing up
3	on cue
2	things that seem so real in small doses
3	that seem so real in small doses
3	seem so real in small doses
3	seem so real
3	so real
2	in small doses
2	small doses
2	become annoying and artificial .
0	become annoying and artificial
0	annoying and artificial
1	annoying and
1	This wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie I 've seen this summer .
0	This wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie I 've seen this summer
0	This wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful -
0	This wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful
0	This wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy
0	wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy
0	wretchedly unfunny wannabe
0	unfunny wannabe
0	is inane and awful
0	inane and awful
1	inane and
0	no doubt , it 's the worst movie I 've seen this summer
2	no doubt
0	, it 's the worst movie I 've seen this summer
1	it 's the worst movie I 've seen this summer
0	's the worst movie I 've seen this summer
1	the worst movie I 've seen this summer
0	the worst movie
0	worst movie
2	I 've seen this summer
2	've seen this summer
3	seen this summer
2	this summer
1	It 's drab .
1	's drab .
1	's drab
0	It 's uninteresting .
1	's uninteresting .
1	's uninteresting
1	It squanders Chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander Jennifer Love Hewitt !
2	It squanders Chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander Jennifer Love Hewitt
1	It squanders Chan 's uniqueness ;
1	It squanders Chan 's uniqueness
1	squanders Chan 's uniqueness
3	Chan 's uniqueness
2	Chan 's
2	it could even be said to squander Jennifer Love Hewitt
2	could even be said to squander Jennifer Love Hewitt
2	could even
1	be said to squander Jennifer Love Hewitt
1	said to squander Jennifer Love Hewitt
1	to squander Jennifer Love Hewitt
1	squander Jennifer Love Hewitt
2	Jennifer Love Hewitt
2	Love Hewitt
1	The movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny Phonce and his several silly subplots .
2	The movie
1	keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny Phonce and his several silly subplots .
2	keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny Phonce and his several silly subplots
1	coming back to the achingly unfunny Phonce and his several silly subplots
2	coming back
2	to the achingly unfunny Phonce and his several silly subplots
1	the achingly unfunny Phonce and his several silly subplots
2	the achingly unfunny Phonce and
0	the achingly unfunny Phonce
1	achingly unfunny Phonce
1	unfunny Phonce
1	his several silly subplots
2	several silly subplots
1	silly subplots
1	This tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same .
2	This tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same
1	This tale has been told and retold ;
1	This tale has been told and retold
2	This tale
2	has been told and retold
0	been told and retold
1	told and retold
2	told and
2	the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same
2	the races and rackets change , but
2	the races and rackets change ,
2	the races and rackets change
2	the races and rackets
3	races and rackets
2	races and
2	the song remains the same
2	the song
2	remains the same
2	the same
0	A surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .
2	A surprisingly flat
1	surprisingly flat
1	retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .
0	retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing
1	retread ,
1	hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing
0	by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing
1	half-baked setups and sluggish pacing
0	half-baked setups and
1	half-baked setups
1	sluggish pacing
1	Forget the Psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore .
1	Forget the Psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore
2	Forget the Psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and
2	Forget the Psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles
2	Forget the Psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and
2	Forget the Psychology 101 study of romantic obsession
3	the Psychology 101 study of romantic obsession
2	the Psychology 101 study
2	Psychology 101 study
2	101 study
3	of romantic obsession
2	romantic obsession
2	just watch the procession of costumes in castles
2	watch the procession of costumes in castles
2	the procession of costumes in castles
3	the procession
2	of costumes in castles
2	costumes in castles
2	in castles
1	this wo n't seem like such a bore
2	wo n't seem like such a bore
2	wo n't
1	seem like such a bore
1	like such a bore
1	such a bore
2	such a
0	A film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters .
1	A film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner
2	A film
0	that should be relegated to a dark video store corner
0	should be relegated to a dark video store corner
1	be relegated to a dark video store corner
1	relegated to a dark video store corner
2	to a dark video store corner
2	a dark video store corner
2	dark video store corner
2	video store corner
2	store corner
1	is somehow making its way instead to theaters .
1	is somehow making its way instead to theaters
2	is somehow
2	making its way instead to theaters
2	making its way
2	its way
2	instead to theaters
2	to theaters
0	It 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
1	's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
1	's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter
0	hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter
0	to imagine acting that could be any flatter
1	imagine acting that could be any flatter
0	acting that could be any flatter
2	that could be any flatter
1	could be any flatter
1	be any flatter
2	any flatter
0	New ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .
1	New ways of describing badness
2	New ways
0	of describing badness
1	describing badness
0	need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .
0	need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is
1	to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is
0	be invented to describe exactly how bad it is
0	invented to describe exactly how bad it is
0	to describe exactly how bad it is
0	describe exactly how bad it is
0	exactly how bad it is
1	exactly how bad
2	how bad
3	it is
0	Lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .
1	Lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings
3	Lots of effort and intelligence are on display but
3	Lots of effort and intelligence are on display
3	Lots of effort and intelligence
2	of effort and intelligence
2	effort and intelligence
3	effort and
2	are on display
2	on display
0	in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings
1	in execution
2	it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings
1	is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings
0	all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings
2	all awkward , static , and
1	all awkward , static ,
1	all awkward , static
1	all awkward ,
1	all awkward
1	lifeless rumblings
4	When cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy Giannini , Madonna gives her best performance since Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game .
2	When cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy Giannini
2	cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy Giannini
2	cowering and begging at the feet
2	cowering and begging
2	cowering and
2	at the feet
2	the feet
2	a scruffy Giannini
1	a scruffy
3	, Madonna gives her best performance since Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game .
3	Madonna gives her best performance since Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game .
3	gives her best performance since Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game .
4	gives her best performance since Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game
2	gives her best performance
3	gives her best
3	her best
2	since Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game
2	Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game
2	Abel Ferrara
2	had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game
1	her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game
1	beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game
2	to a pulp in his Dangerous Game
2	a pulp in his Dangerous Game
2	a pulp
2	in his Dangerous Game
2	his Dangerous Game
2	Dangerous Game
1	I suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .
2	suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .
1	suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject
1	that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject
2	there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject
1	are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject
2	more interesting ways of dealing with the subject
2	more interesting ways
3	more interesting
2	of dealing with the subject
2	dealing with the subject
2	with the subject
2	the subject
1	The film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .
3	The film itself is about something very interesting and odd that
2	The film
4	itself is about something very interesting and odd that
3	is about something very interesting and odd that
2	is about something
2	about something
2	very interesting and odd that
4	very interesting and
3	very interesting
2	odd that
2	would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .
1	would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative
2	would probably
1	work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative
2	work better as a real documentary
3	work better
2	as a real documentary
3	a real documentary
3	real documentary
2	without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative
1	the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative
1	the insinuation of mediocre acting or
0	the insinuation of mediocre acting
2	the insinuation
1	of mediocre acting
1	mediocre acting
2	a fairly trite narrative
3	fairly trite narrative
1	fairly trite
2	An unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years .
2	An unintentional parody of every teen movie
3	An unintentional parody
1	unintentional parody
2	of every teen movie
2	every teen movie
2	teen movie
2	made in the last five years .
2	made in the last five years
2	in the last five years
2	the last five years
2	last five years
2	five years
2	Only for young children , if them .
2	Only for young children
2	for young children
3	young children
2	, if them .
2	if them .
2	if them
0	Their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
3	Their parents
0	would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
0	would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes
0	do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes
1	do well to cram earplugs in their ears and
1	do well to cram earplugs in their ears
1	do well to cram earplugs
1	well to cram earplugs
1	to cram earplugs
1	cram earplugs
2	in their ears
2	their ears
1	put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes
2	put pillowcases over their heads
2	pillowcases over their heads
2	over their heads
2	their heads
2	for 87 minutes
2	87 minutes
1	For all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only Caine making much of an impression .
2	For all its violence
2	all its violence
2	its violence
1	, the movie is remarkably dull with only Caine making much of an impression .
1	the movie is remarkably dull with only Caine making much of an impression .
2	the movie
1	is remarkably dull with only Caine making much of an impression .
2	is remarkably dull with only Caine making much of an impression
1	is remarkably dull with only Caine
0	remarkably dull with only Caine
1	dull with only Caine
2	with only Caine
2	only Caine
2	making much of an impression
2	much of an impression
3	of an impression
2	an impression
2	No matter how firmly director John Stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make .
2	No matter how firmly director John Stainton has his tongue in his cheek
2	matter how firmly director John Stainton has his tongue in his cheek
2	how firmly director John Stainton has his tongue in his cheek
2	firmly director John Stainton has his tongue in his cheek
2	firmly director John Stainton
2	director John Stainton
2	John Stainton
2	has his tongue in his cheek
2	his tongue in his cheek
2	his tongue
2	in his cheek
2	his cheek
1	, the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make .
2	the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make .
2	the fact
2	remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make .
1	remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make
2	that a wacky concept does not a movie make
2	a wacky concept does not a movie make
2	a wacky concept
2	wacky concept
1	does not a movie make
0	not a movie make
3	a movie make
2	a movie
1	A sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .
2	A sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer
1	A sub-formulaic slap in the face
1	A sub-formulaic slap
1	sub-formulaic slap
2	in the face
2	the face
2	to seasonal cheer
2	seasonal cheer
2	The action is reasonably well-done ... yet story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together .
2	The action is reasonably well-done ... yet story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together
3	The action is reasonably well-done ...
3	The action is reasonably well-done
2	The action
3	is reasonably well-done
3	reasonably well-done
0	yet story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together
1	story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together
3	story , character and comedy bits
3	, character and comedy bits
2	character and comedy bits
3	and comedy bits
2	comedy bits
0	are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together
1	too ragged to ever fit smoothly together
2	ragged to ever fit smoothly together
2	to ever fit smoothly together
3	ever fit smoothly together
3	fit smoothly together
3	fit smoothly
0	Several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` Unfaithful . ''
1	Several uninteresting , unlikeable people
0	uninteresting , unlikeable people
1	, unlikeable people
1	unlikeable people
2	do bad things to and with each other in `` Unfaithful . ''
2	do bad things to and with each other in `` Unfaithful .
2	do bad things to and with each other in `` Unfaithful
1	do bad things
1	bad things
2	to and with each other in `` Unfaithful
2	to and with
2	to and
2	each other in `` Unfaithful
2	each other
1	in `` Unfaithful
2	in ``
0	Why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .
2	Why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care
2	anyone who is not a character in this movie should care
2	anyone who is not a character in this movie
3	who is not a character in this movie
2	is not a character in this movie
1	is not
2	a character in this movie
2	a character
2	in this movie
2	this movie
2	should care
1	is beyond me .
2	is beyond me
2	beyond me
1	Hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .
1	looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .
1	looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script
1	to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script
1	be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script
2	going through the motions , beginning with the pale script
2	going through the motions ,
1	going through the motions
2	through the motions
2	the motions
1	beginning with the pale script
1	with the pale script
1	the pale script
1	pale script
3	Howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a Buñuel retrospective .
3	conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a Buñuel retrospective .
2	conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a Buñuel retrospective
2	the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a Buñuel retrospective
3	the past via surrealist flourishes
2	the past
2	via surrealist flourishes
3	surrealist flourishes
1	so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a Buñuel retrospective
1	overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a Buñuel retrospective
2	you 'd swear he just stepped out of a Buñuel retrospective
2	'd swear he just stepped out of a Buñuel retrospective
2	swear he just stepped out of a Buñuel retrospective
2	he just stepped out of a Buñuel retrospective
2	just stepped out of a Buñuel retrospective
2	stepped out of a Buñuel retrospective
2	stepped out
2	of a Buñuel retrospective
2	a Buñuel retrospective
2	Buñuel retrospective
2	The best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments .
3	The best thing that can be said of the picture
3	The best thing
4	best thing
2	that can be said of the picture
2	can be said of the picture
1	be said of the picture
2	said of the picture
2	of the picture
2	the picture
3	is that it does have a few cute moments .
3	is that it does have a few cute moments
3	that it does have a few cute moments
2	it does have a few cute moments
3	does have a few cute moments
3	have a few cute moments
3	a few cute moments
2	few cute moments
2	few cute
0	It 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .
0	's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .
0	's not a bad premise , just a bad movie
2	's not
0	a bad premise , just a bad movie
0	a bad premise , just
1	a bad premise ,
1	a bad premise
1	bad premise
0	a bad movie
0	bad movie
0	An already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .
1	An already thin story
1	already thin story
2	already thin
2	boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .
2	boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus
2	boils down
2	to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus
2	surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus
2	surviving invaders
3	seeking an existent anti-virus
2	an existent anti-virus
2	existent anti-virus
2	If only there were one for this kind of movie .
2	only there were one for this kind of movie .
2	only there were one for this kind of movie
2	there were one for this kind of movie
2	were one for this kind of movie
3	one for this kind of movie
2	for this kind of movie
2	this kind of movie
2	this kind
2	of movie
1	By the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived .
2	By the time the surprise ending is revealed
2	By the time
2	the time
3	the surprise ending is revealed
3	the surprise ending
2	surprise ending
2	is revealed
1	, interest can not be revived .
1	interest can not be revived .
1	can not be revived .
1	can not be revived
2	can not
2	be revived
0	The heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in -LRB- this -RRB- meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot .
2	The heedless impetuousness of youth
2	The heedless impetuousness
2	heedless impetuousness
2	of youth
0	is on full , irritating display in -LRB- this -RRB- meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot .
1	is on full , irritating display in -LRB- this -RRB- meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot
0	is on full , irritating display
2	on full , irritating display
1	full , irritating display
2	, irritating display
1	irritating display
0	in -LRB- this -RRB- meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot
2	-LRB- this -RRB- meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot
0	this -RRB- meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot
0	-RRB- meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot
1	meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot
0	meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import
0	meandering and pointless
2	meandering and
3	French coming-of-age import
2	coming-of-age import
2	from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot
2	writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot
2	Anne-Sophie Birot
0	A peculiar misfire that even Tunney ca n't save .
2	A peculiar
1	misfire that even Tunney ca n't save .
0	misfire that even Tunney ca n't save
1	that even Tunney ca n't save
2	that even
2	Tunney ca n't save
2	ca n't save
2	ca n't
1	Watching Queen of the Damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in .
2	Watching Queen of the Damned
2	Watching Queen
2	of the Damned
2	the Damned
2	is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in .
1	is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in
1	is like reading a research paper ,
1	is like reading a research paper
3	like reading a research paper
2	reading a research paper
2	a research paper
2	research paper
2	with special effects tossed in
2	special effects tossed in
2	special effects
3	tossed in
1	I ca n't remember the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops .
0	ca n't remember the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops .
0	ca n't remember the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops
2	ca n't
0	remember the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops
1	the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops
2	the last time
2	last time
0	I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops
0	saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops
0	worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops
0	worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production
1	worse stunt editing or
1	worse stunt editing
2	stunt editing
2	cheaper action movie production
2	action movie production
2	movie production
2	values than in Extreme Ops
2	than in Extreme Ops
2	in Extreme Ops
2	Extreme Ops
1	Too much of Nemesis has a tired , talky feel .
2	Too much of Nemesis
2	Too much
2	of Nemesis
0	has a tired , talky feel .
1	has a tired , talky feel
1	a tired , talky feel
1	tired , talky feel
1	tired , talky
2	, talky
1	I felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .
1	felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .
0	felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes
1	felt trapped and with no obvious escape
2	trapped and with no obvious escape
1	trapped and
1	with no obvious escape
1	no obvious escape
2	obvious escape
2	for the entire 100 minutes
2	the entire 100 minutes
2	entire 100 minutes
2	100 minutes
2	When Mr. Hundert tells us in his narration that ` this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement .
2	When Mr. Hundert tells us in his narration that ` this is a story without surprises
2	Mr. Hundert tells us in his narration that ` this is a story without surprises
2	Mr. Hundert
2	tells us in his narration that ` this is a story without surprises
2	tells us in his narration
2	tells us
2	in his narration
2	his narration
1	that ` this is a story without surprises
1	` this is a story without surprises
1	this is a story without surprises
2	is a story without surprises
1	a story without surprises
2	a story
2	without surprises
2	, ' we nod in agreement .
2	' we nod in agreement .
2	we nod in agreement .
2	nod in agreement .
3	nod in agreement
2	in agreement
1	Leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .
1	Leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion
2	us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion
1	wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion
2	less about its ideas and more about its characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion
2	about its ideas and more about its characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion
1	about its ideas and
2	about its ideas
2	its ideas
2	more about its characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion
2	about its characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion
3	its characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion
1	its characterization of Hitler and
2	its characterization of Hitler
2	its characterization
2	of Hitler
2	the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion
2	the contrived nature
2	contrived nature
3	of its provocative conclusion
3	its provocative conclusion
2	provocative conclusion
0	It is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .
0	is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .
0	is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness
1	that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness
3	that rare combination
3	rare combination
0	of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness
0	bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness
1	bad writing ,
0	bad writing
2	bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness
0	bad direction and bad acting --
0	bad direction and bad acting
2	bad direction and
0	bad direction
1	bad acting
0	the trifecta of badness
2	the trifecta
1	of badness
2	Each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense .
0	Each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense
0	Each scene wreaks of routine ;
1	Each scene wreaks of routine
2	Each scene
2	wreaks of routine
2	of routine
1	the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense
2	the film
1	never manages to generate a single threat of suspense
2	manages to generate a single threat of suspense
2	to generate a single threat of suspense
2	generate a single threat of suspense
2	a single threat of suspense
2	a single threat
2	single threat
2	of suspense
1	A soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties .
1	A soulless jumble of ineptly
2	A soulless jumble
1	soulless jumble
1	of ineptly
0	assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties .
1	assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties
2	cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties
1	cliches and pabulum
1	cliches and
1	that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties
0	plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties
1	like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties
1	a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties
0	a 95-minute commercial
0	95-minute commercial
2	for NBA properties
2	NBA properties
0	Borstal Boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
2	Borstal Boy
0	represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
1	represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
1	the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
2	the worst kind
0	worst kind
1	of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
1	filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
2	filmmaking ,
1	the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
2	the kind
1	that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
1	pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
1	pretends to be passionate and truthful but
1	pretends to be passionate and truthful
3	to be passionate and truthful
2	be passionate and truthful
3	passionate and truthful
3	passionate and
0	is really frustratingly timid and soggy
2	is really
1	frustratingly timid and soggy
1	timid and soggy
2	timid and
0	The film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the TV movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed .
0	The film 's lack of personality
1	The film 's lack
2	The film 's
2	film 's
2	of personality
1	permeates all its aspects -- from the TV movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed .
1	permeates all its aspects -- from the TV movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed
2	permeates all its aspects --
2	permeates all its aspects
2	all its aspects
2	its aspects
0	from the TV movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed
0	the TV movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed
2	the TV movie-esque ,
2	the TV movie-esque
2	TV movie-esque
0	affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed
0	affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes
3	affected child acting
1	child acting
1	to the dullest Irish pub scenes
0	the dullest Irish pub scenes
1	dullest Irish pub scenes
2	Irish pub scenes
2	pub scenes
2	ever filmed
1	works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making
2	works on the whodunit level as its larger themes
2	on the whodunit level as its larger themes
2	the whodunit level as its larger themes
2	the whodunit level
2	whodunit level
3	as its larger themes
2	its larger themes
2	larger themes
1	get lost in the murk of its own making
1	lost in the murk of its own making
1	in the murk of its own making
1	the murk of its own making
2	the murk
2	of its own making
3	its own making
2	own making
0	Crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls .
0	could be the worst film a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls .
0	could be the worst film a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls
0	be the worst film a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls
0	the worst film a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls
0	the worst film
0	worst film
3	a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls
2	a man
2	has made about women since Valley of the Dolls
2	made about women since Valley of the Dolls
2	about women since Valley of the Dolls
2	women since Valley of the Dolls
2	since Valley of the Dolls
3	Valley of the Dolls
2	of the Dolls
2	the Dolls
3	4Ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as Pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .
1	4Ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as Pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly
3	4Ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as Pokemon videos , but
1	4Ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as Pokemon videos ,
2	4Ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as Pokemon videos
0	has the same sledgehammer appeal as Pokemon videos
1	the same sledgehammer appeal as Pokemon videos
2	the same sledgehammer appeal
3	same sledgehammer appeal
2	sledgehammer appeal
2	as Pokemon videos
2	Pokemon videos
2	it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly
2	breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly
2	breathes more on the big screen and
3	breathes more on the big screen
3	breathes more
2	on the big screen
2	the big screen
2	big screen
1	induces headaches more slowly
0	induces headaches
1	more slowly
1	Feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .
1	Feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes ,
2	Feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes
2	Feels like the work of someone
3	like the work of someone
2	the work of someone
2	the work
2	of someone
2	who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes
1	may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes
2	may indeed
1	have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes
1	have finally aged past his prime ... and ,
2	have finally aged past his prime ... and
3	have finally aged past his prime ...
2	have finally aged past his prime
2	finally aged past his prime
1	aged past his prime
1	past his prime
3	his prime
2	perhaps more than he realizes
2	perhaps more
2	than he realizes
2	he realizes
3	just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .
1	wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .
2	wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work
2	to be liked by the people who can still give him work
2	be liked by the people who can still give him work
3	liked by the people who can still give him work
2	by the people who can still give him work
2	the people who can still give him work
2	the people
2	who can still give him work
2	can still give him work
2	can still
2	give him work
2	give him
2	Trailer park Magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all .
1	Trailer park Magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all
2	Trailer park Magnolia :
1	Trailer park Magnolia
2	park Magnolia
0	too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all
1	too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed
0	too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and
0	too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance ,
0	too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance
2	too long , too cutesy ,
0	too long , too cutesy
0	too long ,
1	too long
2	too cutesy
2	too sure of its own importance
2	sure of its own importance
2	of its own importance
2	its own importance
2	own importance
1	of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all
1	that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all
3	that peculiar tension
2	peculiar tension
1	of being too dense & about nothing at all
1	being too dense & about nothing at all
1	too dense & about nothing at all
1	too dense & about
1	too dense &
2	too dense
1	nothing at all
2	at all
1	Viewers of Barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .
1	Viewers of Barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle
3	of Barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle
1	Barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle
3	Barney 's
1	crushingly self-indulgent spectacle
2	crushingly self-indulgent
0	will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .
0	will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it
0	see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it
1	see nothing in it
2	nothing in it
2	in it
1	to match the ordeal of sitting through it
1	match the ordeal of sitting through it
1	the ordeal of sitting through it
2	the ordeal
2	of sitting through it
2	sitting through it
2	through it
2	... its stupidities wind up sticking in one 's mind a lot more than the cool bits .
1	its stupidities wind up sticking in one 's mind a lot more than the cool bits .
1	its stupidities
2	wind up sticking in one 's mind a lot more than the cool bits .
3	wind up sticking in one 's mind a lot more than the cool bits
2	wind up
2	sticking in one 's mind a lot more than the cool bits
2	sticking in one 's mind a lot more
2	in one 's mind a lot more
2	in one 's mind
2	one 's mind
2	one 's
3	a lot more
2	a lot
2	than the cool bits
2	the cool bits
2	cool bits
1	Sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .
2	... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .
3	once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .
2	once again
2	strands his superb performers in the same old story .
1	strands his superb performers in the same old story
2	strands his superb performers
2	his superb performers
4	superb performers
1	in the same old story
1	the same old story
1	same old story
1	old story
1	The Piano Teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
3	The Piano Teacher
2	Piano Teacher
1	, like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
1	like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
2	like its title character
2	its title character
2	title character
0	, is repellantly out of control .
1	is repellantly out of control .
1	is repellantly out of control
1	repellantly out of control
1	out of control
2	of control
0	I have to admit I walked out of Runteldat .
0	have to admit I walked out of Runteldat .
0	have to admit I walked out of Runteldat
0	to admit I walked out of Runteldat
0	admit I walked out of Runteldat
1	I walked out of Runteldat
1	walked out of Runteldat
0	walked out
2	of Runteldat
0	I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
0	I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes
1	I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but
2	I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes ,
2	I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes
2	did go back and check out the last 10 minutes
2	go back and check out the last 10 minutes
2	go back and
2	go back
2	check out the last 10 minutes
2	out the last 10 minutes
2	the last 10 minutes
2	last 10 minutes
2	10 minutes
1	these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes
0	were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes
1	were more repulsive
0	more repulsive
3	than the first 30 or 40 minutes
2	the first 30 or 40 minutes
2	first 30 or 40 minutes
2	30 or 40 minutes
2	30 or 40
2	30 or
2	The filmmakers lack the nerve ... to fully exploit the script 's potential for sick humor .
2	The filmmakers
1	lack the nerve ... to fully exploit the script 's potential for sick humor .
1	lack the nerve ... to fully exploit the script 's potential for sick humor
1	lack the nerve ...
1	lack the nerve
2	the nerve
3	to fully exploit the script 's potential for sick humor
2	fully exploit the script 's potential for sick humor
2	exploit the script 's potential for sick humor
2	the script 's potential for sick humor
2	the script 's potential
2	the script 's
2	script 's
1	for sick humor
1	sick humor
2	The film was n't preachy , but it was feminism by the book .
2	The film was n't preachy , but it was feminism by the book
2	The film was n't preachy , but
3	The film was n't preachy ,
3	The film was n't preachy
2	The film
2	was n't preachy
2	was n't
2	it was feminism by the book
2	was feminism by the book
2	feminism by the book
2	by the book
2	the book
2	... the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation .
0	the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation .
1	the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation
1	the same tired old gags ,
1	the same tired old gags
1	same tired old gags
1	tired old gags
1	old gags
3	modernized for the extreme sports generation
2	for the extreme sports generation
2	the extreme sports generation
2	extreme sports generation
2	sports generation
0	There 's already been too many of these films ...
1	's already been too many of these films ...
2	's already been too many of these films
2	's already
1	been too many of these films
2	been too many
1	too many
2	of these films
2	these films
3	Several of Steven Soderbergh 's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist .
2	Several of Steven Soderbergh 's earlier films
2	of Steven Soderbergh 's earlier films
3	Steven Soderbergh 's earlier films
2	Steven Soderbergh 's
2	Soderbergh 's
2	earlier films
3	were hailed as the works of an artist .
2	were hailed as the works of an artist
2	hailed as the works of an artist
2	as the works of an artist
3	the works of an artist
2	the works
2	of an artist
2	an artist
1	Sadly , Full Frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
3	, Full Frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
2	Full Frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
2	Full Frontal
2	plays like the work of a dilettante .
2	plays like the work of a dilettante
2	like the work of a dilettante
2	the work of a dilettante
2	the work
2	of a dilettante
2	a dilettante
1	Clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up .
1	is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up .
1	is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up
1	one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up
1	of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up
2	those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up
2	those crazy , mixed-up films
1	crazy , mixed-up films
2	, mixed-up films
1	mixed-up films
2	that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up
2	does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up
1	does n't
3	know what it wants to be when it grows up
2	what it wants to be when it grows up
2	it wants to be when it grows up
2	wants to be when it grows up
2	to be when it grows up
2	be when it grows up
2	when it grows up
2	it grows up
3	grows up
2	Although bright , well-acted and thought-provoking , Tuck Everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action .
3	Although bright , well-acted and thought-provoking
4	bright , well-acted and thought-provoking
4	, well-acted and thought-provoking
4	well-acted and thought-provoking
3	well-acted and
2	, Tuck Everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action .
2	Tuck Everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action .
2	Tuck Everlasting
0	suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action .
1	suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action
2	from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action
1	a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action
1	a laconic pace and
1	a laconic pace
1	laconic pace
1	a lack of traditional action
1	a lack
2	of traditional action
2	traditional action
0	` The War of the Roses , ' trailer-trash style .
2	` The War of the Roses , '
3	The War of the Roses , '
2	The War of the Roses ,
2	The War of the Roses
2	The War
2	of the Roses
2	the Roses
0	trailer-trash style .
0	trailer-trash style
2	Entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel .
2	Entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel
1	but like shooting fish in a barrel
1	like shooting fish in a barrel
1	shooting fish in a barrel
2	shooting fish
2	in a barrel
2	a barrel
1	Supposedly , Pokemon ca n't be killed , but Pokemon 4Ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .
1	Supposedly , Pokemon ca n't be killed , but Pokemon 4Ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over
2	Supposedly , Pokemon ca n't be killed , but
2	Supposedly , Pokemon ca n't be killed ,
2	Supposedly , Pokemon ca n't be killed
2	, Pokemon ca n't be killed
2	Pokemon ca n't be killed
2	ca n't be killed
2	ca n't
1	be killed
0	Pokemon 4Ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over
4	Pokemon 4Ever
1	practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over
1	assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over
1	that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over
1	the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over
2	the pocket monster movie franchise
2	pocket monster movie franchise
2	monster movie franchise
2	movie franchise
2	is nearly ready to keel over
2	is nearly ready
2	nearly ready
1	to keel over
2	keel over
1	White has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .
1	has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .
0	has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else
2	has n't
1	developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else
4	developed characters so much
3	developed characters
2	so much
2	as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else
2	caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else
2	caricatures ,
1	one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else
1	one-dimensional buffoons
2	that get him a few laughs but nothing else
1	get him a few laughs but nothing else
2	him a few laughs but nothing else
1	a few laughs but nothing else
2	few laughs but nothing else
2	few laughs but
2	few laughs
2	nothing else
2	When you resurrect a dead man , Hard Copy should come a-knocking , no ?
2	When you resurrect a dead man , Hard Copy should come a-knocking , no
2	When you resurrect a dead man , Hard Copy should come a-knocking ,
1	When you resurrect a dead man , Hard Copy should come a-knocking
2	When you resurrect a dead man
2	you resurrect a dead man
2	resurrect a dead man
1	a dead man
2	dead man
1	, Hard Copy should come a-knocking
2	Hard Copy should come a-knocking
3	Hard Copy
3	should come a-knocking
2	come a-knocking
2	Cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film , The Full Monty , with something different .
2	should have followed the runaway success of his first film , The Full Monty , with something different .
2	should have followed the runaway success of his first film , The Full Monty , with something different
2	have followed the runaway success of his first film , The Full Monty , with something different
2	followed the runaway success of his first film , The Full Monty , with something different
3	followed the runaway success of his first film , The Full Monty ,
4	the runaway success of his first film , The Full Monty ,
4	the runaway success
3	runaway success
1	of his first film , The Full Monty ,
2	his first film , The Full Monty ,
2	his first film , The Full Monty
2	his first film ,
2	his first film
2	first film
2	The Full Monty
2	Full Monty
2	with something different
3	something different
0	The film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .
2	The film
2	feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .
2	feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe
1	formulaic , its plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe
0	formulaic , its plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff ,
1	formulaic , its plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff
1	formulaic ,
2	its plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff
1	plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff
2	and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff
2	pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff
2	typical Hollywood war-movie stuff
1	Hollywood war-movie stuff
2	war-movie stuff
2	while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe
1	the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe
2	the performances
1	elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe
2	elicit more of a sense of deja vu
2	more of a sense of deja vu
2	of a sense of deja vu
2	a sense of deja vu
2	a sense
1	of deja vu
2	deja vu
3	than awe
0	This overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .
0	This overproduced piece of dreck
1	This overproduced piece
1	overproduced piece
1	of dreck
0	is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .
0	is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary
0	shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary
1	shockingly bad and
0	shockingly bad
1	absolutely unnecessary
1	Hmmm ... might I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?
1	... might I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?
1	might I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?
0	might I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
1	I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
1	suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
0	that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
1	the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
2	the wayward wooden one
1	wayward wooden one
2	wooden one
1	end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
2	end it
1	all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
2	by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
1	stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
2	stuffing himself
2	into an electric pencil sharpener
3	an electric pencil sharpener
2	electric pencil sharpener
2	pencil sharpener
1	The makers of Mothman Prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
2	The makers of Mothman Prophecies
2	The makers
2	of Mothman Prophecies
2	Mothman Prophecies
1	succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
3	succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad
1	in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad
2	producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad
1	that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad
4	that most frightening of all movies --
3	that most frightening of all movies
2	that most frightening
1	most frightening
2	of all movies
3	all movies
2	a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad
2	a mediocre horror film
1	mediocre horror film
2	horror film
2	too bad to be good and too good to be bad
1	too bad to be good and
1	too bad to be good
1	bad to be good
2	to be good
3	be good
3	too good to be bad
3	good to be bad
1	to be bad
1	be bad
0	Mr. Deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .
2	Mr. Deeds
0	is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .
0	is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor
2	is not really a film as much
2	is not really
1	is not
2	a film as much
2	a film
2	as much
1	as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor
1	it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor
1	is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor
1	a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor
1	a loose collection
2	loose collection
2	of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor
1	not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor
1	not-so-funny gags ,
1	not-so-funny gags
2	scattered moments of lazy humor
2	scattered moments
3	of lazy humor
2	lazy humor
1	How this one escaped the Lifetime network I 'll never know .
2	How this one escaped the Lifetime network
2	this one escaped the Lifetime network
2	this one
2	escaped the Lifetime network
2	the Lifetime network
2	Lifetime network
2	I 'll never know .
2	'll never know .
2	'll never know
2	'll never
1	Could n't someone take Rob Schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?
0	Could n't someone take Rob Schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person
2	Could n't someone
2	Could n't
2	take Rob Schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person
2	take Rob Schneider and
2	take Rob Schneider
2	Rob Schneider
2	have him switch bodies with a funny person
2	him switch bodies with a funny person
2	switch bodies with a funny person
2	switch bodies
2	with a funny person
2	a funny person
2	funny person
1	One of these days Hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .
1	One of these days Hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations
1	One of these days Hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but
1	One of these days Hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie ,
1	One of these days Hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie
2	One of these days
2	of these days
2	these days
2	Hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie
2	will come up with an original idea for a teen movie
1	come up with an original idea for a teen movie
2	come up
3	with an original idea for a teen movie
3	an original idea for a teen movie
3	an original idea
2	original idea
2	for a teen movie
2	a teen movie
2	teen movie
1	until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations
2	until then
1	there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations
3	's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations
2	's always
2	these rehashes to feed to the younger generations
1	rehashes to feed to the younger generations
3	to feed to the younger generations
2	feed to the younger generations
2	to the younger generations
2	the younger generations
3	younger generations
1	For all its brilliant touches , Dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
3	For all its brilliant touches
4	all its brilliant touches
4	its brilliant touches
3	brilliant touches
1	, Dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
1	Dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
1	loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
1	loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion
1	loses its fire midway ,
2	loses its fire midway
1	loses its fire
2	its fire
3	nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion
1	flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion
2	flickering out
2	by its perfunctory conclusion
1	its perfunctory conclusion
1	perfunctory conclusion
1	I have to admit that I am baffled by Jason X.
1	have to admit that I am baffled by Jason X.
1	to admit that I am baffled by Jason X.
1	admit that I am baffled by Jason X.
2	that I am baffled by Jason X.
1	I am baffled by Jason X.
1	am baffled by Jason X.
0	baffled by Jason X.
2	by Jason X.
2	Jason X.
0	A mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
1	A mean-spirited film
0	mean-spirited film
2	made by someone who surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
2	by someone who surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
1	someone who surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
1	who surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
1	surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
2	read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
2	read The Catcher in the Rye but
2	read The Catcher in the Rye
2	read The Catcher
2	The Catcher
2	in the Rye
2	the Rye
2	clearly suffers from dyslexia
2	suffers from dyslexia
2	from dyslexia
1	Instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos .
1	Instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid
3	of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid
2	a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid
3	a witty expose
3	witty expose
1	on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid
1	the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid
0	the banality and hypocrisy
1	banality and hypocrisy
2	banality and
1	of too much kid-vid
1	too much kid-vid
1	too much
0	, we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos .
1	we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos .
1	get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos .
0	get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos
1	get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing
2	an ugly , mean-spirited lashing
0	ugly , mean-spirited lashing
1	, mean-spirited lashing
1	mean-spirited lashing
1	out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos
1	by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos
3	an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos
2	an adult
2	who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos
1	's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos
2	's apparently
1	been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos
1	forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos
2	by his kids to watch too many Barney videos
1	his kids to watch too many Barney videos
1	kids to watch too many Barney videos
3	to watch too many Barney videos
2	watch too many Barney videos
0	too many Barney videos
2	many Barney videos
2	Barney videos
1	This is a film living far too much in its own head .
1	is a film living far too much in its own head .
0	is a film living far too much in its own head
0	a film living far too much in its own head
2	a film
0	living far too much in its own head
1	living far too much
1	far too much
1	too much
2	in its own head
2	its own head
2	own head
2	The umpteenth summer skinny dip in Jerry Bruckheimer 's putrid pond of retread action twaddle .
3	The umpteenth summer
2	umpteenth summer
0	skinny dip in Jerry Bruckheimer 's putrid pond of retread action twaddle .
1	dip in Jerry Bruckheimer 's putrid pond of retread action twaddle .
1	dip in Jerry Bruckheimer 's putrid pond of retread action twaddle
0	in Jerry Bruckheimer 's putrid pond of retread action twaddle
1	Jerry Bruckheimer 's putrid pond of retread action twaddle
1	Jerry Bruckheimer 's putrid pond
2	Jerry Bruckheimer 's
2	Bruckheimer 's
1	putrid pond
1	of retread action twaddle
1	retread action twaddle
1	action twaddle
2	National Lampoon 's Van Wilder may aim to be the next Animal House , but it more closely resembles this year 's version of Tomcats .
2	National Lampoon 's Van Wilder may aim to be the next Animal House , but it more closely resembles this year 's version of Tomcats
1	National Lampoon 's Van Wilder may aim to be the next Animal House , but
2	National Lampoon 's Van Wilder may aim to be the next Animal House ,
3	National Lampoon 's Van Wilder may aim to be the next Animal House
2	National Lampoon 's Van Wilder
2	National Lampoon 's
2	Lampoon 's
2	Van Wilder
2	may aim to be the next Animal House
2	aim to be the next Animal House
2	to be the next Animal House
3	be the next Animal House
3	the next Animal House
2	next Animal House
2	Animal House
3	it more closely resembles this year 's version of Tomcats
3	more closely resembles this year 's version of Tomcats
2	more closely
2	resembles this year 's version of Tomcats
2	this year 's version of Tomcats
2	this year 's version
2	this year 's
2	year 's
3	of Tomcats
2	The film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch Christian Right propaganda machine into national media circles .
2	The film
1	thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch Christian Right propaganda machine into national media circles .
2	thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch Christian Right propaganda machine into national media circles
1	thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch Christian Right propaganda machine
1	the inchoate but already eldritch Christian Right propaganda machine
1	inchoate but already eldritch Christian Right propaganda machine
2	inchoate but already eldritch
2	inchoate but
2	already eldritch
0	Christian Right propaganda machine
2	Right propaganda machine
2	propaganda machine
2	into national media circles
2	national media circles
2	media circles
1	Dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
0	is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
0	is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring
0	hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring
1	hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all -
1	hollow , self-indulgent , and
1	hollow , self-indulgent ,
0	hollow , self-indulgent
2	hollow ,
0	- worst of all -
2	worst of all -
2	worst of all
2	of all
0	A movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls .
2	A movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls
2	A movie
2	so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls
1	so bad
1	that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls
0	it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls
1	quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls
0	enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls
0	the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls
2	the pantheon of wreckage
2	the pantheon
2	of wreckage
2	that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls
1	includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls
2	Battlefield Earth and Showgirls
2	Battlefield Earth and
2	Battlefield Earth
2	More of a career curio than a major work .
2	More of a career curio than a major work
2	More of a career curio
2	of a career curio
2	a career curio
2	career curio
2	than a major work
3	a major work
2	major work
0	It 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .
1	's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .
1	's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
1	just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
0	too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
1	bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
1	the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
2	the screenwriters
2	eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
1	shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
1	shoot themselves
1	in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
2	the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
2	the feet
2	with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
2	cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
1	cop flick cliches
1	flick cliches
1	like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
1	an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
2	an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and
2	an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups
2	an oily arms dealer ,
2	an oily arms dealer
2	oily arms dealer
2	arms dealer
2	squad car pile-ups
2	car pile-ups
2	the requisite screaming captain
2	requisite screaming captain
2	screaming captain
2	Cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man , and the results might drive you crazy .
1	Cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man , and the results might drive you crazy
1	Cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man , and
1	Cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man ,
2	Cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man
2	is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man
2	far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man
2	far more
3	concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man
2	with aggrandizing madness , not the man
2	aggrandizing madness , not the man
2	madness , not the man
2	madness , not
2	madness ,
3	the man
2	the results might drive you crazy
2	the results
1	might drive you crazy
2	drive you crazy
2	you crazy
0	To be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for God 's sake !
1	To be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame
1	be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame
2	influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame
2	influenced chiefly
1	by humanity 's greatest shame
1	humanity 's greatest shame
2	humanity 's
2	greatest shame
1	, reality shows -- reality shows for God 's sake !
1	reality shows -- reality shows for God 's sake !
2	shows -- reality shows for God 's sake !
1	shows -- reality shows for God 's sake
2	shows --
1	reality shows for God 's sake
2	reality shows
2	for God 's sake
2	God 's sake
2	God 's
1	-- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .
2	is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .
1	is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw
2	a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw
2	a crime
1	that should be punishable by chainsaw
0	should be punishable by chainsaw
1	be punishable by chainsaw
1	punishable by chainsaw
2	by chainsaw
2	As we have come to learn -- as many times as we have fingers to count on -- Jason is a killer who does n't know the meaning of the word ` quit . '
2	As we have come to learn
2	we have come to learn
2	have come to learn
2	come to learn
2	to learn
2	-- as many times as we have fingers to count on -- Jason is a killer who does n't know the meaning of the word ` quit . '
2	-- as many times as we have fingers to count on --
2	as many times as we have fingers to count on --
2	as many times as we have fingers to count on
2	many times as we have fingers to count on
2	many times
2	as we have fingers to count on
2	we have fingers to count on
2	have fingers to count on
2	fingers to count on
3	to count on
3	count on
2	Jason is a killer who does n't know the meaning of the word ` quit . '
2	is a killer who does n't know the meaning of the word ` quit . '
2	is a killer who does n't know the meaning of the word ` quit .
2	is a killer who does n't know the meaning of the word ` quit
2	a killer who does n't know the meaning of the word ` quit
2	a killer
2	who does n't know the meaning of the word ` quit
2	does n't know the meaning of the word ` quit
1	does n't
1	know the meaning of the word ` quit
1	the meaning of the word ` quit
2	the meaning
2	of the word ` quit
2	the word ` quit
2	the word `
2	the word
2	The filmmakers might want to look it up .
2	The filmmakers
2	might want to look it up .
2	might want to look it up
3	want to look it up
2	to look it up
2	look it up
2	look it
0	A frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .
1	A frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick ,
1	A frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick
0	A frustrating ` tweener ' --
1	A frustrating ` tweener '
1	frustrating ` tweener '
2	` tweener '
2	tweener '
2	too slick
1	contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .
1	contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls
2	contrived and
2	exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls
2	exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent
1	exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and
1	exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small
1	exploitative for the art houses and too cynical ,
1	exploitative for the art houses and too cynical
1	exploitative for the art houses and
2	exploitative for the art houses
2	for the art houses
2	the art houses
2	art houses
1	too cynical
2	for the malls
2	the malls
3	What 's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .
2	What 's surprising
2	's surprising
1	about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .
2	about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying ,
2	about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying
2	about this traditional thriller ,
2	about this traditional thriller
2	this traditional thriller
2	traditional thriller
2	moderately successful but not completely satisfying
2	moderately successful but not
3	moderately successful but
3	moderately successful
4	completely satisfying
3	is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .
1	is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be
1	exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be
2	exactly how
2	genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be
3	genteel and unsurprising the execution
1	genteel and unsurprising
3	genteel and
1	the execution
2	turns out to be
2	turns out
2	to be
1	Drowning 's too good for this sucker .
2	's too good for this sucker .
2	's too good for this sucker
2	too good for this sucker
3	good for this sucker
2	for this sucker
1	this sucker
1	An instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .
1	An instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely
1	An instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza
1	instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza
0	instantly forgettable
3	snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza
3	that likely
2	will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .
1	will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product
2	be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product
3	upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product
2	by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product
3	an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product
2	an avalanche
3	of more appealing holiday-season product
4	more appealing holiday-season product
3	more appealing
2	holiday-season product
1	Frankly , it 's pretty stupid .
0	, it 's pretty stupid .
0	it 's pretty stupid .
0	's pretty stupid .
0	's pretty stupid
0	pretty stupid
2	I had more fun with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever .
3	had more fun with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever .
3	had more fun with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever
3	had more fun
2	more fun
3	with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever
3	Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever
2	Ben Stiller 's Zoolander ,
2	Ben Stiller 's Zoolander
2	Ben Stiller 's
2	Stiller 's
4	which I thought was rather clever
3	I thought was rather clever
3	thought was rather clever
3	was rather clever
3	rather clever
1	But there 's plenty to offend everyone ...
0	there 's plenty to offend everyone ...
0	's plenty to offend everyone ...
1	's plenty to offend everyone
1	plenty to offend everyone
2	to offend everyone
1	offend everyone
1	Love Liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .
4	Love Liza
1	is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .
1	is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit
1	a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit
2	a festival film
2	festival film
1	that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit
1	would have been better off staying on the festival circuit
1	have been better off staying on the festival circuit
2	been better off staying on the festival circuit
0	better off staying on the festival circuit
2	better off
2	staying on the festival circuit
2	on the festival circuit
2	the festival circuit
2	festival circuit
2	There are things to like about Murder By Numbers -- but , in the end , the disparate elements do n't gel .
2	There are things to like about Murder By Numbers -- but , in the end , the disparate elements do n't gel
2	There are things to like about Murder By Numbers -- but ,
2	There are things to like about Murder By Numbers -- but
3	There are things to like about Murder By Numbers --
3	There are things to like about Murder By Numbers
3	are things to like about Murder By Numbers
3	things to like about Murder By Numbers
2	to like about Murder By Numbers
2	like about Murder By Numbers
2	about Murder By Numbers
2	about Murder
2	By Numbers
2	in the end , the disparate elements do n't gel
2	in the end
2	the end
0	, the disparate elements do n't gel
1	the disparate elements do n't gel
2	the disparate elements
1	disparate elements
1	do n't gel
2	do n't
2	... tackling a low-budget movie in which inexperienced children play the two main characters might not be the best way to cut your teeth in the film industry .
2	tackling a low-budget movie in which inexperienced children play the two main characters might not be the best way to cut your teeth in the film industry .
1	tackling a low-budget movie in which inexperienced children play the two main characters might not be the best way to cut your teeth in the film industry
1	tackling a low-budget movie in which inexperienced children play the two main characters
1	a low-budget movie in which inexperienced children play the two main characters
2	a low-budget movie
1	low-budget movie
2	in which inexperienced children play the two main characters
2	in which
1	inexperienced children play the two main characters
2	inexperienced children
2	play the two main characters
2	the two main characters
2	two main characters
2	main characters
1	might not be the best way to cut your teeth in the film industry
2	might not
2	be the best way to cut your teeth in the film industry
2	the best way to cut your teeth in the film industry
3	the best way
3	best way
2	to cut your teeth in the film industry
2	cut your teeth in the film industry
2	cut your teeth
2	your teeth
2	in the film industry
2	the film industry
2	film industry
0	Quite frankly , I ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
2	Quite frankly
1	, I ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
1	I ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
1	ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
1	ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out
2	ca n't
0	see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out
0	why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out
0	any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out
2	any actor of talent
2	any actor
2	of talent
0	would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out
2	would ever
2	work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out
2	work in a McCulloch production
2	in a McCulloch production
2	a McCulloch production
2	McCulloch production
2	again if they looked at how this movie turned out
1	if they looked at how this movie turned out
2	they looked at how this movie turned out
2	looked at how this movie turned out
2	at how this movie turned out
2	how this movie turned out
2	this movie turned out
2	this movie
2	turned out
0	My precious new Star Wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...
3	My precious new Star Wars movie
3	precious new Star Wars movie
3	new Star Wars movie
2	Star Wars movie
2	Wars movie
0	is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...
1	is a lumbering , wheezy drag
0	a lumbering , wheezy drag
2	lumbering , wheezy drag
1	lumbering , wheezy
2	, wheezy
2	The innocence of holiday cheer ai n't what it used to be .
4	The innocence of holiday cheer
2	The innocence
3	of holiday cheer
2	holiday cheer
1	ai n't what it used to be .
1	ai n't what it used to be
2	ai n't
2	what it used to be
2	it used to be
2	used to be
2	to be
1	Too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , Vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .
1	Too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy
1	Too campy to work as straight drama and
1	Too campy to work as straight drama
2	campy to work as straight drama
2	to work as straight drama
2	work as straight drama
2	as straight drama
2	straight drama
1	too violent and sordid to function as comedy
2	too violent and
1	too violent
1	sordid to function as comedy
2	to function as comedy
2	function as comedy
2	as comedy
1	, Vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .
2	Vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .
4	is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .
1	is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work
2	is , truly and thankfully ,
2	is , truly and thankfully
2	is ,
2	truly and thankfully
2	truly and
4	a one-of-a-kind work
3	one-of-a-kind work
3	Horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the Serbs themselves but also to a network of American right-wing extremists .
2	Horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the Serbs themselves but also to a network of American right-wing extremists
2	Horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections
0	Horrid little propaganda film
1	little propaganda film
1	propaganda film
3	with fascinating connections
3	fascinating connections
2	not only to the Serbs themselves but also to a network of American right-wing extremists
2	not only
1	to the Serbs themselves but also to a network of American right-wing extremists
2	to the Serbs themselves but also
3	to the Serbs themselves
3	the Serbs themselves
2	the Serbs
2	but also
2	to a network of American right-wing extremists
2	a network of American right-wing extremists
2	a network
2	of American right-wing extremists
2	American right-wing extremists
2	right-wing extremists
0	Should have gone straight to video .
1	have gone straight to video .
2	have gone straight to video
1	gone straight to video
1	straight to video
3	to video
0	It looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such .
0	It looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
1	It looks like an action movie , but
2	It looks like an action movie ,
2	It looks like an action movie
2	looks like an action movie
2	like an action movie
2	an action movie
2	action movie
0	it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
0	's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
1	's so poorly
1	so poorly
1	made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
3	made , on all levels ,
2	made , on all levels
2	made ,
3	on all levels
2	all levels
1	that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
2	it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
0	does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
2	does n't even
1	does n't
2	qualify as a spoof of such
2	as a spoof of such
2	a spoof of such
2	a spoof
2	of such
0	It is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .
0	It is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag
0	It is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and
0	It is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age
0	is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age
1	is supremely unfunny and unentertaining
0	supremely unfunny and unentertaining
1	unfunny and unentertaining
0	unfunny and
2	to watch middle-age
2	watch middle-age
1	older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag
2	older men
2	drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag
2	drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and
0	drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another
2	drink to excess ,
2	drink to excess
2	to excess
1	piss on trees , b.s. one another
2	on trees , b.s. one another
2	trees , b.s. one another
2	trees ,
1	b.s. one another
2	b.s. one
2	put on a show in drag
3	put on a show
2	on a show
2	a show
2	in drag
1	Consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire .
0	Consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire
0	the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire
2	the film
2	a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire
2	a celluloid litmus test
2	celluloid litmus test
2	litmus test
2	for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire
1	the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire
2	the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and
2	the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date
2	the intellectual and emotional pedigree
3	intellectual and emotional pedigree
3	intellectual and emotional
3	intellectual and
2	of your date
2	your date
0	a giant step backward for a director I admire
0	a giant step backward
1	giant step backward
1	step backward
3	for a director I admire
4	a director I admire
2	director I admire
3	I admire
0	A boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor for -- well , I 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
0	A boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor for -- well , I 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
1	A boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor for --
1	A boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor for
1	A boring , pretentious muddle
1	boring , pretentious muddle
0	boring , pretentious
1	, pretentious
4	that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor for
2	uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor for
3	uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor
3	a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor
2	a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime
4	sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime
2	, real-life 19th-Century crime
2	real-life 19th-Century crime
2	19th-Century crime
2	as a metaphor
2	a metaphor
1	well , I 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
1	, I 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
1	I 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
1	'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
3	'm not
2	exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
1	sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
1	what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
2	what -- and
2	-- and
1	has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
0	all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
1	all the dramatic weight
2	the dramatic weight
2	dramatic weight
3	of a raindrop
2	a raindrop
1	Sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .
3	Sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading
2	Sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but ,
2	Sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but
3	Sheridan had a wonderful account to work from ,
4	Sheridan had a wonderful account to work from
3	had a wonderful account to work from
3	a wonderful account to work from
2	wonderful account to work from
2	account to work from
2	to work from
2	work from
1	curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading
2	, he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading
0	he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading
1	waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading
1	waters it down ,
1	waters it down
2	waters it
2	turning grit and vulnerability into light reading
2	turning grit and vulnerability
2	grit and vulnerability
2	grit and
2	into light reading
2	light reading
1	Heavy with flabby rolls of typical Toback machinations .
1	Heavy with flabby rolls of typical Toback machinations
2	Heavy with flabby rolls
1	with flabby rolls
2	flabby rolls
2	of typical Toback machinations
1	typical Toback machinations
2	Toback machinations
0	It is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film .
1	It is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film
1	It is very difficult to care about the character , and
1	It is very difficult to care about the character ,
1	It is very difficult to care about the character
1	is very difficult to care about the character
1	is very difficult
1	very difficult
3	to care about the character
2	care about the character
2	about the character
2	the character
1	that is the central flaw of the film
1	is the central flaw of the film
1	the central flaw of the film
1	the central flaw
1	central flaw
2	of the film
2	the film
1	Snow Dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
2	Snow Dogs
1	finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
3	finds its humour
2	its humour
1	in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
0	a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
2	a black man
2	black man
2	getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
1	humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
1	by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
1	a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
2	a pack
2	of dogs who are smarter than him
1	dogs who are smarter than him
2	who are smarter than him
2	are smarter than him
2	are smarter
2	than him
1	Whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .
2	Whole stretches of the film
2	Whole stretches
2	of the film
2	the film
1	may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .
1	may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black
3	be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black
2	incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black
2	to moviegoers not already clad in basic black
1	moviegoers not already clad in basic black
2	not already clad in basic black
2	already clad in basic black
2	clad in basic black
2	in basic black
2	basic black
1	Reggio and Glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that Glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .
2	Reggio and Glass
2	Reggio and
1	so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that Glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .
1	rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that Glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .
2	rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that Glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby
1	rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences ,
2	rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences
2	rhapsodize cynicism ,
2	rhapsodize cynicism
2	with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences
1	repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences
2	and languorous slo-mo sequences
1	languorous slo-mo sequences
2	slo-mo sequences
2	that Glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby
1	Glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby
3	Glass 's dirgelike score
2	Glass 's
2	dirgelike score
2	becomes a fang-baring lullaby
2	a fang-baring lullaby
1	fang-baring lullaby
1	Ends up offering nothing more than the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone flick would .
1	Ends up offering nothing more than the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone flick
1	up offering nothing more than the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone flick
2	offering nothing more than the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone flick
2	nothing more than the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone flick
1	nothing more than the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone
2	nothing more
2	than the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone
2	the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone
2	latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone
2	Schwarzenegger or Stallone
2	Schwarzenegger or
2	would .
2	The film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of America 's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get .
1	The film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of America 's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get
3	The film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of America 's indigenous people , but
2	The film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of America 's indigenous people ,
3	The film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of America 's indigenous people
2	The film
2	makes strong arguments regarding the social status of America 's indigenous people
3	strong arguments regarding the social status of America 's indigenous people
2	strong arguments
2	regarding the social status of America 's indigenous people
2	the social status of America 's indigenous people
2	the social status
2	social status
2	of America 's indigenous people
2	America 's indigenous people
2	America 's
2	indigenous people
1	really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get
1	only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get
0	exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get
2	to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get
2	try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get
1	to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get
2	eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get
2	eke out
2	an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get
2	an emotional tug
2	emotional tug
1	of the heart , one which it fails to get
1	the heart , one which it fails to get
3	the heart ,
2	the heart
1	one which it fails to get
1	which it fails to get
1	it fails to get
1	fails to get
2	to get
2	Charlize CHASES Kevin with a GUN .
2	Charlize CHASES Kevin with a GUN
2	Charlize CHASES Kevin
2	CHASES Kevin
2	with a GUN
2	a GUN
2	Courtney CHASES Stuart with a CELL PHONE .
2	Courtney CHASES Stuart with a CELL PHONE
2	Courtney CHASES Stuart
2	CHASES Stuart
2	with a CELL PHONE
2	a CELL PHONE
2	CELL PHONE
2	The sound of GUNFIRE and cell phones RINGING .
2	The sound of GUNFIRE and cell phones
2	The sound
2	of GUNFIRE and cell phones
2	GUNFIRE and cell phones
2	and cell phones
2	cell phones
2	RINGING .
1	If The Tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .
2	If The Tuxedo actually were a suit
2	The Tuxedo actually were a suit
2	The Tuxedo
2	actually were a suit
2	were a suit
2	a suit
1	, it would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .
1	it would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .
2	would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .
1	would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special
1	fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special
1	Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special
2	like a $ 99 bargain-basement special
2	a $ 99 bargain-basement special
1	$ 99 bargain-basement special
2	$ 99
1	bargain-basement special
1	Parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .
1	Parents beware ; this is downright movie penance
3	Parents beware ;
1	Parents beware
1	this is downright movie penance
3	is downright movie penance
1	downright movie penance
2	movie penance
0	... a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that I ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .
0	a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that I ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .
1	a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that I ca n't believe any viewer , young or old ,
1	a complete shambles
0	complete shambles
0	of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that I ca n't believe any viewer , young or old ,
0	a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that I ca n't believe any viewer , young or old ,
0	a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant
2	a movie
1	so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant
0	so sloppy , so uneven , so
1	so sloppy , so uneven ,
0	so sloppy , so uneven
1	so sloppy ,
0	so sloppy
2	so uneven
1	damn unpleasant
2	that I ca n't believe any viewer , young or old ,
2	I ca n't believe any viewer , young or old ,
2	ca n't believe any viewer , young or old ,
2	ca n't
2	believe any viewer , young or old ,
3	any viewer , young or old ,
2	any viewer , young or old
2	any viewer ,
2	any viewer
2	young or old
2	young or
3	would have a good time here .
4	would have a good time here
3	have a good time here
3	have a good time
3	a good time
3	good time
1	Has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape .
1	Has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short
1	Has nothing
0	good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short
1	to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short
2	speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short
2	speak about other than the fact
2	speak about other
2	about other
2	than the fact
2	the fact
2	that it is relatively short
2	it is relatively short
2	is relatively short
2	relatively short
2	, tries its best to hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape .
1	tries its best to hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape .
1	tries its best to hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape
3	tries its best
3	its best
1	to hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape
1	hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape
2	hide the fact
2	the fact
1	that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape
2	Seagal 's overweight and out of shape
2	's overweight and out of shape
0	overweight and out of shape
1	overweight and out
2	overweight and
3	of shape
1	A pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between XXX and Vertical Limit .
1	A pathetically inane and unimaginative
1	A pathetically
0	inane and unimaginative
1	inane and
3	cross between XXX and Vertical Limit .
2	cross between XXX and Vertical Limit
2	between XXX and Vertical Limit
2	XXX and Vertical Limit
2	and Vertical Limit
2	Vertical Limit
2	Impeccably filmed , sexually charged , but ultimately lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act .
3	Impeccably filmed
1	, sexually charged , but ultimately lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act .
2	sexually charged , but ultimately lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act .
0	charged , but ultimately lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act .
1	charged , but ultimately lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act
2	charged , but ultimately
2	charged , but
2	charged ,
1	lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act
1	lacking in substance ,
0	lacking in substance
2	in substance
0	not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act
1	to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act
0	mention dragged down by a leaden closing act
1	dragged down by a leaden closing act
1	dragged down
2	by a leaden closing act
2	a leaden closing act
3	leaden closing act
2	closing act
0	Feels at times like a giant commercial for Universal Studios , where much of the action takes place .
2	Feels at times
2	at times
2	like a giant commercial for Universal Studios , where much of the action takes place .
1	like a giant commercial for Universal Studios , where much of the action takes place
1	a giant commercial for Universal Studios , where much of the action takes place
2	a giant commercial
2	giant commercial
2	for Universal Studios , where much of the action takes place
2	Universal Studios , where much of the action takes place
2	Universal Studios ,
2	Universal Studios
2	where much of the action takes place
3	much of the action takes place
2	much of the action
2	of the action
2	the action
2	takes place
2	While the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other .
3	While the mystery unravels
2	the mystery unravels
2	the mystery
2	, the characters respond by hitting on each other .
2	the characters respond by hitting on each other .
2	the characters
1	respond by hitting on each other .
2	respond by hitting on each other
2	by hitting on each other
1	hitting on each other
2	on each other
2	each other
1	Britney Spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .
1	Britney Spears ' phoniness
2	Britney Spears '
2	Spears '
0	is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .
0	is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction
0	nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction
1	compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction
0	to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction
0	the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction
0	the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and
0	the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay
2	the movie 's
2	movie 's
1	contrived , lame screenplay
1	, lame screenplay
1	lame screenplay
1	listless direction
0	Every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .
1	Every sequel you skip
2	Every sequel
2	you skip
2	will be two hours gained .
1	will be two hours gained
3	be two hours gained
2	two hours gained
2	two hours
2	Consider this review life-affirming .
3	Consider this review life-affirming
3	this review life-affirming
2	review life-affirming
2	If the movie were all comedy , it might work better .
2	If the movie were all comedy
2	the movie were all comedy
2	the movie
3	were all comedy
3	all comedy
2	, it might work better .
2	it might work better .
2	might work better .
2	might work better
3	work better
1	But it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .
2	it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .
1	has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .
2	has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness
2	an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness
2	an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not
2	an ambition to say something about its subjects ,
2	an ambition to say something about its subjects
2	ambition to say something about its subjects
2	to say something about its subjects
3	say something about its subjects
2	say something
2	about its subjects
2	its subjects
2	but not
2	a willingness
2	The movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it .
2	The movie
2	, while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it .
2	while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it .
3	while beautiful
2	, feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it .
1	feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it .
2	feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it
1	feels labored ,
2	feels labored
2	with a hint of the writing exercise about it
2	a hint of the writing exercise about it
3	a hint
2	of the writing exercise about it
2	the writing exercise about it
2	the writing exercise
3	writing exercise
2	about it
1	Twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him .
3	Twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style
2	Twenty-three movies
3	into a mostly magnificent directorial career , Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style
4	a mostly magnificent directorial career , Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style
4	a mostly magnificent directorial career ,
4	a mostly magnificent directorial career
4	mostly magnificent directorial career
4	magnificent directorial career
2	directorial career
3	Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style
2	Clint Eastwood 's
2	Eastwood 's
3	efficiently minimalist style
2	minimalist style
1	finally has failed him .
2	has failed him .
0	has failed him
2	failed him
2	Big time .
2	time .
2	This heist flick about young Brooklyn hoods is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of Vin Diesel , Seth Green and Barry Pepper .
2	This heist flick about young Brooklyn hoods
2	This heist flick
2	heist flick
2	about young Brooklyn hoods
2	young Brooklyn hoods
2	Brooklyn hoods
2	is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of Vin Diesel , Seth Green and Barry Pepper .
2	is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of Vin Diesel , Seth Green and Barry Pepper
2	is off the shelf after two years
2	off the shelf after two years
3	off the shelf
2	the shelf
2	after two years
2	two years
2	to capitalize on the popularity of Vin Diesel , Seth Green and Barry Pepper
2	capitalize on the popularity of Vin Diesel , Seth Green and Barry Pepper
2	on the popularity of Vin Diesel , Seth Green and Barry Pepper
3	the popularity of Vin Diesel , Seth Green and Barry Pepper
2	the popularity
2	of Vin Diesel , Seth Green and Barry Pepper
2	Vin Diesel , Seth Green and Barry Pepper
2	Vin Diesel , Seth Green and
2	Vin Diesel , Seth Green
2	Vin Diesel ,
2	Vin Diesel
2	Seth Green
2	Barry Pepper
1	It should have stayed there .
1	should have stayed there .
1	should have stayed there
3	have stayed there
2	stayed there
2	The film has a childlike quality about it .
2	The film
3	has a childlike quality about it .
2	has a childlike quality about it
2	a childlike quality about it
2	a childlike quality
2	childlike quality
2	about it
1	But the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .
1	the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .
2	the feelings evoked in the film
2	the feelings
2	evoked in the film
2	in the film
2	the film
1	are lukewarm and quick to pass .
2	are lukewarm and quick to pass
1	lukewarm and quick to pass
2	lukewarm and quick
1	lukewarm and
2	to pass
1	The most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .
0	The most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine
1	The most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy
2	most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy
1	most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain
1	most opaque , self-indulgent and
1	most opaque , self-indulgent
3	most opaque ,
2	most opaque
1	just plain
2	an excuse for a movie as you can imagine
1	an excuse
2	for a movie as you can imagine
2	a movie as you can imagine
2	a movie
2	as you can imagine
2	you can imagine
2	can imagine
2	It 's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable .
3	It 's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable
2	It 's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but
1	It 's not a film to be taken literally on any level ,
1	It 's not a film to be taken literally on any level
2	's not a film to be taken literally on any level
2	's not
3	a film to be taken literally on any level
2	film to be taken literally on any level
2	to be taken literally on any level
3	be taken literally on any level
2	taken literally on any level
2	taken literally
3	on any level
2	any level
1	its focus always appears questionable
2	its focus
1	always appears questionable
2	appears questionable
0	Big Fat Liar is little more than Home Alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .
2	Big Fat Liar
2	Fat Liar
1	is little more than Home Alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .
1	is little more than Home Alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level
2	is little more
2	little more
1	than Home Alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level
2	Home Alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level
2	Home Alone
3	raised to a new , self-deprecating level
1	to a new , self-deprecating level
1	a new , self-deprecating level
2	new , self-deprecating level
2	, self-deprecating level
2	self-deprecating level
2	The movie is gorgeously made , but it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious .
2	The movie is gorgeously made , but it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious
4	The movie is gorgeously made , but
4	The movie is gorgeously made ,
4	The movie is gorgeously made
2	The movie
3	is gorgeously made
3	gorgeously made
1	it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious
1	is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious
2	is also
1	somewhat shallow and art-conscious
1	shallow and art-conscious
1	shallow and
2	The only time 8 Crazy Nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target is during the offbeat musical numbers .
1	The only time 8 Crazy Nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target
2	The only time
2	only time
3	8 Crazy Nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target
3	8 Crazy Nights
2	Crazy Nights
3	comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target
3	close to hitting a comedic or satirical target
2	to hitting a comedic or satirical target
3	hitting a comedic or satirical target
2	a comedic or satirical target
2	comedic or satirical target
2	or satirical target
2	satirical target
3	is during the offbeat musical numbers .
2	is during the offbeat musical numbers
1	during the offbeat musical numbers
2	the offbeat musical numbers
2	offbeat musical numbers
3	musical numbers
0	Loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .
1	Loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness
1	Loses its sense of humor
2	its sense of humor
2	its sense
2	of humor
0	in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness
1	a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness
2	a vat
1	of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness
0	failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness
0	failed jokes , twitchy acting , and
1	failed jokes , twitchy acting ,
1	failed jokes , twitchy acting
1	failed jokes ,
1	failed jokes
1	twitchy acting
1	general boorishness
1	There 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but Brooms is n't it .
2	There 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but Brooms is n't it
3	There 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but
3	There 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling ,
3	There 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling
3	's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling
3	a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling
4	delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling
3	quirky movie to be made from curling
2	movie to be made from curling
2	to be made from curling
2	be made from curling
2	made from curling
2	from curling
2	Brooms is n't it
2	is n't it
1	is n't
0	The story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .
2	The story
0	suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .
1	suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness
1	a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness
2	a severe case
2	severe case
2	of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness
1	oversimplification , superficiality and silliness
1	, superficiality and silliness
1	superficiality and silliness
1	superficiality and
4	Chamber of Secrets will find millions of eager fans .
3	Chamber of Secrets
2	of Secrets
3	will find millions of eager fans .
4	will find millions of eager fans
3	find millions of eager fans
4	millions of eager fans
3	of eager fans
3	eager fans
0	But if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
4	if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
3	if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm
2	the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm
3	the essence of magic
2	the essence
3	of magic
4	is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm
3	its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm
1	its make-believe promise of life
2	its make-believe promise
2	make-believe promise
2	of life
3	that soars above the material realm
3	soars above the material realm
2	above the material realm
2	the material realm
3	material realm
0	, this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
0	this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
0	is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
1	is the opposite of a truly magical movie
1	the opposite of a truly magical movie
2	the opposite
4	of a truly magical movie
4	a truly magical movie
4	truly magical movie
4	truly magical
3	Too clever by about nine-tenths .
2	Too clever by about nine-tenths
3	clever by about nine-tenths
2	by about nine-tenths
2	about nine-tenths
1	Has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting .
1	Has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting
3	Has all the hallmarks of a movie
3	all the hallmarks of a movie
2	all the hallmarks
3	the hallmarks
2	of a movie
2	a movie
2	designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting
1	designed strictly for children 's home video ,
2	designed strictly for children 's home video
2	designed strictly
2	for children 's home video
2	children 's home video
2	children 's
2	home video
2	a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting
2	a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds
2	a market
2	so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds
1	so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment ,
2	so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment
3	so insatiable
2	it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment
3	absorbs all manner of lame entertainment
1	all manner of lame entertainment
2	all manner
1	of lame entertainment
1	lame entertainment
2	as long as 3-year-olds
2	long as 3-year-olds
2	long as
1	find it diverting
2	it diverting
1	Bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as Spider-Man does to the experiences of most teenagers .
1	Bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as Spider-Man
1	about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as Spider-Man
1	as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as Spider-Man
2	as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women
2	as much resemblance
2	as much
2	to the experiences of most battered women
2	the experiences of most battered women
2	the experiences
2	of most battered women
1	most battered women
2	battered women
2	as Spider-Man
2	does to the experiences of most teenagers .
2	does to the experiences of most teenagers
2	to the experiences of most teenagers
2	the experiences of most teenagers
2	the experiences
2	of most teenagers
2	most teenagers
1	Toward the end Sum of All Fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
0	the end Sum of All Fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
2	the end Sum of All Fears
2	the end Sum
2	end Sum
2	of All Fears
2	All Fears
1	morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
0	morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick
1	into a mundane '70s disaster flick
1	a mundane '70s disaster flick
1	mundane '70s disaster flick
0	mundane '70s
1	disaster flick
3	Director Carl Franklin , so crisp and economical in One False Move , bogs down in genre cliches here .
3	Director Carl Franklin , so crisp and economical in One False Move ,
2	Director Carl Franklin , so crisp and economical in One False Move
2	Director Carl Franklin ,
2	Director Carl Franklin
2	Carl Franklin
3	so crisp and economical in One False Move
3	so crisp and
2	so crisp
2	economical in One False Move
2	in One False Move
2	One False Move
2	False Move
1	bogs down in genre cliches here .
1	bogs down in genre cliches here
1	bogs down in genre cliches
2	bogs down
1	in genre cliches
1	genre cliches
1	Mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .
1	still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .
1	does n't quite know how to fill a frame .
1	does n't quite know how to fill a frame
1	does n't quite
1	does n't
2	know how to fill a frame
2	how to fill a frame
2	to fill a frame
2	fill a frame
2	a frame
1	Like the Hanks character , he 's a slow study : The action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .
2	Like the Hanks character
2	the Hanks character
2	Hanks character
2	, he 's a slow study : The action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .
1	he 's a slow study : The action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .
1	's a slow study : The action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .
2	's a slow study : The action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed
1	a slow study : The action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed
2	a slow study :
2	a slow study
2	slow study
1	The action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed
1	The action is stilted and
1	The action is stilted
2	The action
2	is stilted
2	the tabloid energy embalmed
2	the tabloid energy
2	tabloid energy
0	This thing is just garbage .
2	This thing
0	is just garbage .
0	is just garbage
2	is just
2	As crimes go , writer-director Michael Kalesniko 's How to Kill Your Neighbor 's Dog is slight but unendurable .
2	As crimes go
2	crimes go
1	, writer-director Michael Kalesniko 's How to Kill Your Neighbor 's Dog is slight but unendurable .
1	writer-director Michael Kalesniko 's How to Kill Your Neighbor 's Dog is slight but unendurable .
2	writer-director Michael Kalesniko
2	Michael Kalesniko
1	's How to Kill Your Neighbor 's Dog is slight but unendurable .
1	's How to Kill Your Neighbor 's Dog is slight but unendurable
1	How to Kill Your Neighbor 's Dog is slight but unendurable
1	to Kill Your Neighbor 's Dog is slight but unendurable
2	to Kill Your Neighbor 's Dog
2	Kill Your Neighbor 's Dog
2	Your Neighbor 's Dog
2	Your Neighbor 's
2	Neighbor 's
1	is slight but unendurable
1	slight but unendurable
1	slight but
0	There must be an audience that enjoys the Friday series , but I would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally .
0	There must be an audience that enjoys the Friday series , but I would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally
3	There must be an audience that enjoys the Friday series , but
2	There must be an audience that enjoys the Friday series ,
2	There must be an audience that enjoys the Friday series
2	must be an audience that enjoys the Friday series
2	be an audience that enjoys the Friday series
2	an audience that enjoys the Friday series
2	an audience
2	that enjoys the Friday series
3	enjoys the Friday series
2	the Friday series
2	Friday series
2	I would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally
2	would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally
2	would n't
3	be interested in knowing any of them personally
2	interested in knowing any of them personally
2	in knowing any of them personally
2	knowing any of them personally
2	knowing any of them
2	any of them
2	of them
3	A bold -LRB- and lovely -RRB- experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .
3	A bold -LRB- and lovely -RRB- experiment that will
3	A bold -LRB- and lovely -RRB- experiment
3	bold -LRB- and lovely -RRB- experiment
3	-LRB- and lovely -RRB- experiment
4	-LRB- and lovely -RRB-
3	-LRB- and lovely
2	-LRB- and
2	that will
2	almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .
2	almost certainly
1	bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .
1	bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams
0	bore most audiences
2	most audiences
2	into their own brightly colored dreams
3	their own brightly colored dreams
3	own brightly colored dreams
3	brightly colored dreams
2	colored dreams
2	An uplifting , largely bogus story .
3	An uplifting , largely bogus story
3	An uplifting ,
3	An uplifting
0	largely bogus story
0	bogus story
1	An empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .
2	An empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface
1	An empty exercise ,
1	An empty exercise
1	empty exercise
0	a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface
1	a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama
1	florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama
2	florid but ultimately vapid
2	florid but
1	ultimately vapid
2	crime melodrama
2	with lots of surface
2	lots of surface
2	of surface
2	flash but little emotional resonance .
1	flash but little emotional resonance
2	but little emotional resonance
1	little emotional resonance
2	emotional resonance
1	If you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors -LRB- Dawson Leery did what ?!? -RRB- , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie .
1	If you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors -LRB- Dawson Leery did what ?!? -RRB- , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie
2	If you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors -LRB- Dawson Leery did what ?!? -RRB- , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but
2	If you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors -LRB- Dawson Leery did what ?!? -RRB- , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out ,
3	If you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors -LRB- Dawson Leery did what ?!? -RRB- , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out
2	If you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors -LRB- Dawson Leery did what ?!? -RRB- , or see some interesting storytelling devices
3	you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors -LRB- Dawson Leery did what ?!? -RRB- , or see some interesting storytelling devices
2	are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors -LRB- Dawson Leery did what ?!? -RRB- , or see some interesting storytelling devices
2	curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors -LRB- Dawson Leery did what ?!? -RRB- , or see some interesting storytelling devices
2	to see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors -LRB- Dawson Leery did what ?!? -RRB- , or see some interesting storytelling devices
2	see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors -LRB- Dawson Leery did what ?!? -RRB- , or see some interesting storytelling devices
2	see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors -LRB- Dawson Leery did what ?!? -RRB- , or
2	see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors -LRB- Dawson Leery did what ?!? -RRB- ,
2	see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors -LRB- Dawson Leery did what ?!? -RRB-
2	see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors
2	the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors
2	the darker side
2	darker side
2	of what 's going on with young TV actors
2	what 's going on with young TV actors
2	's going on with young TV actors
2	going on with young TV actors
2	going on
2	with young TV actors
2	young TV actors
2	TV actors
2	-LRB- Dawson Leery did what ?!? -RRB-
2	Dawson Leery did what ?!? -RRB-
2	Dawson Leery did what ?!?
2	Dawson Leery
2	did what ?!?
1	what ?!?
3	see some interesting storytelling devices
3	some interesting storytelling devices
3	interesting storytelling devices
2	storytelling devices
3	, you might want to check it out
3	you might want to check it out
3	might want to check it out
3	want to check it out
2	to check it out
4	check it out
2	check it
0	there 's nothing very attractive about this movie
0	's nothing very attractive about this movie
2	's nothing
4	very attractive about this movie
3	attractive about this movie
2	about this movie
2	this movie
0	My own minority report is that it stinks .
2	My own minority report
2	own minority report
1	minority report
0	is that it stinks .
1	is that it stinks
1	that it stinks
0	it stinks
1	Trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible .
0	Trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible
1	Trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and
1	Trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes is enough to give you brain strain --
1	Trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes is enough to give you brain strain
2	Trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes
2	to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes
2	make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes
2	head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes
2	head or tail
2	head or
2	of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes
2	the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes
2	the story
2	in the hip-hop indie Snipes
2	the hip-hop indie Snipes
3	hip-hop indie Snipes
2	indie Snipes
1	is enough to give you brain strain
1	enough to give you brain strain
1	to give you brain strain
2	give you brain strain
3	give you
1	brain strain
1	the pay-off is negligible
2	the pay-off
2	is negligible
3	The script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks .
2	The script
2	is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks .
2	is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks
1	is high on squaddie banter , low
1	is high on squaddie banter ,
1	is high on squaddie banter
2	is high
2	on squaddie banter
2	squaddie banter
2	on shocks
0	... if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .
0	if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .
0	if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
1	you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
1	, like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
0	like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
2	like me
1	, think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
0	think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
1	an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
2	an action film
2	action film
1	disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
0	as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
0	a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
3	a war tribute
2	war tribute
1	is disgusting to begin with
0	disgusting to begin with
2	to begin with
3	begin with
1	, then you 're in for a painful ride .
1	then you 're in for a painful ride .
0	you 're in for a painful ride .
1	're in for a painful ride .
1	're in for a painful ride
2	in for a painful ride
0	for a painful ride
0	a painful ride
0	painful ride
1	While Solondz tries and tries hard , Storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
2	While Solondz tries and tries hard
2	Solondz tries and tries hard
3	tries and tries hard
2	tries and tries
2	tries and
1	, Storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
0	Storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
0	fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
0	fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket
2	to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket
1	provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket
3	provide much more insight
2	much more insight
2	more insight
2	than the inside column of a torn book jacket
2	the inside column of a torn book jacket
2	the inside column
2	inside column
2	of a torn book jacket
3	a torn book jacket
3	torn book jacket
2	book jacket
1	With very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like Swimming With Sharks and The Player , this latest skewering ... may put off insiders and outsiders alike .
1	With very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like Swimming With Sharks and The Player , this latest skewering
2	very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like Swimming With Sharks and The Player , this latest skewering
1	very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors
1	very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb
2	little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb
3	to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb
3	add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb
2	beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb
3	the dark visions already relayed by superb
2	the dark visions
2	dark visions
3	already relayed by superb
3	relayed by superb
3	by superb
2	recent predecessors
2	like Swimming With Sharks and The Player , this latest skewering
2	Swimming With Sharks and The Player , this latest skewering
2	Swimming With Sharks and
2	Swimming With Sharks
2	With Sharks
2	The Player , this latest skewering
2	The Player ,
2	The Player
2	this latest skewering
2	latest skewering
1	... may put off insiders and outsiders alike .
1	may put off insiders and outsiders alike .
2	may put off insiders and outsiders alike
2	put off insiders and outsiders alike
2	put off insiders and outsiders
2	put off
2	insiders and outsiders
2	insiders and
1	-LRB- Davis -RRB- wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters .
0	-LRB- Davis -RRB- wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters
2	-LRB- Davis -RRB- wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet
2	-LRB- Davis -RRB- wants to cause his audience an epiphany ,
3	-LRB- Davis -RRB- wants to cause his audience an epiphany
2	-LRB- Davis -RRB-
2	Davis -RRB-
2	wants to cause his audience an epiphany
2	to cause his audience an epiphany
2	cause his audience an epiphany
3	his audience an epiphany
2	his audience
4	an epiphany
1	he refuses to give us real situations and characters
2	refuses to give us real situations and characters
2	to give us real situations and characters
3	give us real situations and characters
2	give us
3	real situations and characters
2	situations and characters
2	situations and
1	Without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4Ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .
1	Without a fresh infusion of creativity
4	a fresh infusion of creativity
3	a fresh infusion
2	fresh infusion
2	of creativity
2	, 4Ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .
1	4Ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .
2	is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .
2	is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking
2	is neither
1	a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking
2	a promise nor a threat so much as
2	a promise nor a threat so much
2	a promise nor a threat so
2	a promise nor a threat
3	a promise nor
2	a promise
2	a threat
2	wishful thinking
0	... unlike -LRB- Scorsese 's Mean Streets -RRB- , Ash Wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
1	unlike -LRB- Scorsese 's Mean Streets -RRB- , Ash Wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
2	unlike -LRB- Scorsese 's Mean Streets -RRB-
2	-LRB- Scorsese 's Mean Streets -RRB-
2	Scorsese 's Mean Streets -RRB-
2	Scorsese 's Mean Streets
2	Scorsese 's
2	Mean Streets
1	, Ash Wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
1	Ash Wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
2	Ash Wednesday
2	is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
0	is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot
2	essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot
0	devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot
2	of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot
3	interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot
2	interesting characters or
3	interesting characters
2	even a halfway intriguing plot
3	a halfway intriguing plot
3	halfway intriguing plot
3	intriguing plot
1	Being unique does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .
3	Being unique
2	does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .
1	does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke
1	does n't necessarily
1	does n't
2	equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke
3	equate to being good ,
2	equate to being good
2	to being good
3	being good
2	no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke
2	no matter
2	how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke
3	how admirably
2	the filmmakers have gone for broke
2	the filmmakers
2	have gone for broke
2	gone for broke
2	for broke
1	A few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies .
2	A few hours after you 've seen it
2	A few hours
2	few hours
2	after you 've seen it
2	you 've seen it
2	've seen it
2	seen it
2	, you forget you 've been to the movies .
3	you forget you 've been to the movies .
2	forget you 've been to the movies .
2	forget you 've been to the movies
2	you 've been to the movies
2	've been to the movies
2	been to the movies
2	to the movies
2	the movies
3	waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot Oscar season currently underway .
3	waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot Oscar season currently underway
2	waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but
1	waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one ,
1	waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one
1	may not be an important movie , or even a good one
1	may not
3	be an important movie , or even a good one
3	an important movie , or even a good one
3	an important movie , or even
2	an important movie , or
3	an important movie ,
4	an important movie
3	important movie
3	a good one
4	good one
2	it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot Oscar season currently underway
3	provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot Oscar season currently underway
3	provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision
3	a nice change of mindless pace in collision
3	a nice change
3	nice change
1	of mindless pace in collision
1	mindless pace in collision
1	mindless pace
2	in collision
2	with the hot Oscar season currently underway
2	with the hot Oscar season currently
2	the hot Oscar season currently
2	the hot Oscar season
2	hot Oscar season
2	Oscar season
0	Yes , I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care , so I did n't .
0	Yes , I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care , so I did n't
1	Yes , I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care , so
1	Yes , I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care ,
2	Yes , I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care
2	, I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care
1	I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care
2	I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but
3	I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life --
2	I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life
3	suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life
3	it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life
2	's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life
3	's lovely
3	that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life
2	Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life
3	works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life
2	works out his issues with his dad and
2	works out his issues with his dad
2	works out his issues
3	works out
2	his issues
2	with his dad
2	his dad
2	comes to terms with his picture-perfect life
2	to terms with his picture-perfect life
3	terms with his picture-perfect life
3	with his picture-perfect life
2	his picture-perfect life
3	picture-perfect life
1	World Traveler gave me no reason to care
2	World Traveler
1	gave me no reason to care
2	gave me
2	no reason to care
2	reason to care
2	to care
2	I did n't
2	did n't
2	Shadyac , who belongs with the damned for perpetrating Patch Adams , trots out every ghost trick from The Sixth Sense to The Mothman Prophecies .
2	Shadyac , who belongs with the damned for perpetrating Patch Adams ,
1	Shadyac , who belongs with the damned for perpetrating Patch Adams
2	Shadyac ,
1	who belongs with the damned for perpetrating Patch Adams
1	belongs with the damned for perpetrating Patch Adams
1	with the damned for perpetrating Patch Adams
1	the damned for perpetrating Patch Adams
2	the damned
2	for perpetrating Patch Adams
2	perpetrating Patch Adams
2	Patch Adams
2	trots out every ghost trick from The Sixth Sense to The Mothman Prophecies .
1	trots out every ghost trick from The Sixth Sense to The Mothman Prophecies
2	trots out every ghost trick
2	trots out
2	every ghost trick
2	ghost trick
2	from The Sixth Sense to The Mothman Prophecies
2	The Sixth Sense to The Mothman Prophecies
2	The Sixth Sense
2	Sixth Sense
2	to The Mothman Prophecies
2	The Mothman Prophecies
2	Mothman Prophecies
2	The photographer 's show-don ` t-tell stance is admirable , but it can make him a problematic documentary subject .
2	The photographer 's show-don ` t-tell stance is admirable , but it can make him a problematic documentary subject
2	The photographer 's show-don ` t-tell stance is admirable , but
3	The photographer 's show-don ` t-tell stance is admirable ,
3	The photographer 's show-don ` t-tell stance is admirable
2	The photographer 's show-don ` t-tell stance
2	The photographer 's
2	photographer 's
2	show-don ` t-tell stance
2	` t-tell stance
2	t-tell stance
3	is admirable
1	it can make him a problematic documentary subject
2	can make him a problematic documentary subject
1	make him a problematic documentary subject
1	him a problematic documentary subject
2	a problematic documentary subject
2	problematic documentary subject
2	documentary subject
0	It is not the first time that director Sara Sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .
2	It is not the first time that director Sara Sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time
1	is not the first time that director Sara Sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time
2	is not the first time
1	is not
2	the first time
2	first time
1	that director Sara Sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time
1	director Sara Sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time
2	director Sara Sugarman
2	Sara Sugarman
1	stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time
2	to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time
2	having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time
3	characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time
2	drop their pants for laughs and not the last time
2	drop their pants
2	their pants
3	for laughs and not the last time
3	laughs and not the last time
2	laughs and
2	not the last time
2	the last time
2	last time
1	she fails to provoke them .
1	fails to provoke them .
1	fails to provoke them
3	to provoke them
2	provoke them
1	I 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year .
1	'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year .
1	'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year
0	be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year
2	hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year
1	pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year
1	to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year
2	think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year
1	think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn
3	think of a film more cloyingly
2	of a film more cloyingly
2	a film more cloyingly
2	a film
2	more cloyingly
2	sappy than Evelyn
2	than Evelyn
2	this year
0	Nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .
1	Nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises
2	more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises
1	than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises
2	an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises
2	an amiable but unfocused bagatelle
2	amiable but unfocused bagatelle
1	amiable but unfocused
3	amiable but
1	that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises
1	plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises
2	like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises
2	a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises
2	a loosely-connected string
1	loosely-connected string
2	of acting-workshop exercises
2	acting-workshop exercises
2	meanders between its powerful moments .
2	meanders between its powerful moments
3	between its powerful moments
3	its powerful moments
3	powerful moments
0	What remains is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip .
2	What remains
1	is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip .
1	is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip
1	is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona ,
1	is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona
1	a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona
2	a variant
1	of the nincompoop Benigni persona
2	the nincompoop Benigni persona
1	nincompoop Benigni persona
2	Benigni persona
1	here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip
1	here a more annoying , though less angry
1	a more annoying , though less angry
1	a more annoying , though
2	a more annoying ,
0	a more annoying
0	more annoying
2	less angry
1	version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip
2	version of the irresponsible Sandlerian
2	of the irresponsible Sandlerian
2	the irresponsible Sandlerian
1	irresponsible Sandlerian
2	manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip
2	manchild ,
1	undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip
2	by the voice of the star of Road Trip
2	the voice of the star of Road Trip
2	the voice
2	of the star of Road Trip
2	the star of Road Trip
2	the star
2	of Road Trip
3	Road Trip
1	A backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .
2	A backhanded ode to female camaraderie
2	A backhanded ode
2	backhanded ode
2	to female camaraderie
2	female camaraderie
0	penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .
2	penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship
2	by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship
0	a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship
2	a man
0	who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship
1	has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship
1	has little clue
2	little clue
2	about either the nature of women or of friendship
3	about either the nature of women or
2	about either the nature of women
2	either the nature of women
2	either the nature
2	the nature
2	of women
2	of friendship
2	Pure of intention and passably diverting , His Secret Life is light , innocuous and unremarkable .
2	Pure of intention and passably diverting
3	Pure of intention and
3	Pure of intention
2	of intention
2	passably diverting
2	, His Secret Life is light , innocuous and unremarkable .
1	His Secret Life is light , innocuous and unremarkable .
2	His Secret Life
2	Secret Life
2	is light , innocuous and unremarkable .
0	is light , innocuous and unremarkable
1	light , innocuous and unremarkable
1	, innocuous and unremarkable
1	innocuous and unremarkable
2	innocuous and
2	... delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story .
0	delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story .
1	delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story
2	delivers few moments of inspiration
3	few moments of inspiration
2	few moments
3	of inspiration
1	amid the bland animation and simplistic story
1	the bland animation and simplistic story
1	the bland animation and
1	the bland animation
1	bland animation
1	simplistic story
0	Take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a Mexican soap opera .
0	Take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a Mexican soap opera
2	Take away the controversy , and
2	Take away the controversy ,
3	Take away the controversy
2	Take away
2	the controversy
1	it 's not much more watchable than a Mexican soap opera
0	's not much more watchable than a Mexican soap opera
2	's not
2	much more watchable than a Mexican soap opera
3	much more watchable
3	more watchable
2	than a Mexican soap opera
1	a Mexican soap opera
2	Mexican soap opera
1	soap opera
1	It 's got the brawn , but not the brains .
2	's got the brawn , but not the brains .
1	's got the brawn , but not the brains
1	got the brawn , but not the brains
1	the brawn , but not the brains
3	the brawn , but not
2	the brawn ,
3	the brawn
2	but not
2	the brains
1	Mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .
0	Mindless and boring
1	Mindless and
1	martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .
1	martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline
2	martial arts and gunplay
2	arts and gunplay
2	arts and
0	with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline
0	too little excitement and zero compelling storyline
1	too little excitement and
1	too little excitement
1	little excitement
0	zero compelling storyline
4	compelling storyline
0	A lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .
3	A lot of talent
2	A lot
2	of talent
0	is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .
0	is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor
1	wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor
1	in this crass , low-wattage endeavor
2	this crass , low-wattage endeavor
1	crass , low-wattage endeavor
1	crass , low-wattage
1	, low-wattage
2	To show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree .
1	To show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape --
1	To show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse
2	show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse
2	show these characters in the act and
2	show these characters in the act
2	show these characters
2	these characters
2	in the act
2	the act
2	give them no feelings of remorse
2	give them
2	no feelings of remorse
1	no feelings
2	of remorse
2	-- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape --
2	-- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape
2	-- and
1	to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape
2	cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape
2	cut repeatedly
2	to the flashback of the original rape
1	the flashback of the original rape
2	the flashback
2	of the original rape
2	the original rape
1	original rape
0	is overkill to the highest degree .
0	is overkill to the highest degree
0	overkill to the highest degree
3	to the highest degree
3	the highest degree
2	highest degree
1	-LRB- T -RRB- oo many of these gross out scenes ...
2	-LRB- T -RRB-
2	T -RRB-
1	oo many of these gross out scenes ...
1	oo many of these gross out scenes
0	oo many of these gross
1	many of these gross
2	of these gross
2	these gross
2	out scenes
1	About one in three gags in White 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook .
1	About one in three gags in White 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook
1	About one in three gags in White 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ;
3	About one in three gags in White 's intermittently wise script hits its mark
2	About one in three gags in White 's intermittently wise script
2	About one
3	in three gags in White 's intermittently wise script
2	three gags in White 's intermittently wise script
2	three gags
3	in White 's intermittently wise script
3	White 's intermittently wise script
2	White 's
2	intermittently wise script
3	intermittently wise
3	hits its mark
2	its mark
1	the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook
2	the rest
1	are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook
2	are padding
2	unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook
2	appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook
2	from the teen-exploitation playbook
1	the teen-exploitation playbook
2	teen-exploitation playbook
1	Little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .
2	is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .
3	is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick
2	done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick
2	to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick
1	support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick
3	support the premise other than fling gags at it
2	the premise other than fling gags at it
2	the premise
0	other than fling gags at it
2	than fling gags at it
1	fling gags at it
2	fling gags
2	at it
2	to see which ones shtick
2	see which ones shtick
1	which ones shtick
2	ones shtick
2	Reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and Ryoko Hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that .
3	Reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and Ryoko Hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that
3	Reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and
3	Reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again ,
2	Reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again
2	Reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and
2	Reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence
2	Reno does what he can in a thankless situation ,
2	Reno does what he can in a thankless situation
2	does what he can in a thankless situation
2	what he can in a thankless situation
2	he can in a thankless situation
2	can in a thankless situation
2	in a thankless situation
2	a thankless situation
1	thankless situation
2	the film ricochets from humor to violence
2	the film
2	ricochets from humor to violence
2	ricochets from humor
3	from humor
2	to violence
2	back again
2	Ryoko Hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that
2	Ryoko Hirosue
2	makes us wonder if she is always like that
2	us wonder if she is always like that
2	wonder if she is always like that
2	if she is always like that
2	she is always like that
2	is always like that
2	is always
2	like that
2	If Jews were Catholics , this would be Catechism
2	If Jews were Catholics
2	Jews were Catholics
2	were Catholics
2	, this would be Catechism
1	this would be Catechism
2	would be Catechism
2	be Catechism
1	One of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .
2	One of those films that seems tailor
2	of those films that seems tailor
2	those films that seems tailor
2	those films
3	that seems tailor
2	seems tailor
1	made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .
2	made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch
2	to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch
2	air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch
2	air on pay cable
2	on pay cable
2	pay cable
2	to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch
3	offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch
3	offer some modest amusements
3	some modest amusements
3	modest amusements
1	when one has nothing else to watch
1	one has nothing else to watch
1	has nothing else to watch
3	nothing else to watch
2	nothing else
2	to watch
3	The big ending surprise almost saves the movie .
3	The big ending surprise
3	big ending surprise
3	ending surprise
1	almost saves the movie .
2	saves the movie .
2	saves the movie
2	the movie
2	It 's too bad that the rest is n't more compelling .
1	's too bad that the rest is n't more compelling .
1	's too bad that the rest is n't more compelling
2	's too bad
1	too bad
1	that the rest is n't more compelling
1	the rest is n't more compelling
2	the rest
1	is n't more compelling
1	is n't
3	more compelling
2	Charming , if overly complicated ...
2	Charming , if overly complicated
3	Charming ,
2	if overly complicated
1	overly complicated
2	Schneider 's mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story 's continuity and progression .
0	Schneider 's mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story 's continuity and progression
2	Schneider 's mugging is relentless and
2	Schneider 's mugging is relentless
2	Schneider 's mugging
2	Schneider 's
2	is relentless
1	his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story 's continuity and progression
1	his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character
1	constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character
2	need to suddenly transpose himself into another character
2	to suddenly transpose himself into another character
2	suddenly transpose himself into another character
2	transpose himself into another character
2	transpose himself
2	into another character
3	another character
1	undermines the story 's continuity and progression
2	the story 's continuity and progression
2	the story 's
2	story 's
2	continuity and progression
2	continuity and
2	All very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it 's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion .
2	All very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it
3	All very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble
3	very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble
4	very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more
3	very stylish and beautifully photographed , but
4	very stylish and beautifully photographed ,
4	very stylish and beautifully photographed
3	very stylish and
3	very stylish
3	beautifully photographed
2	far more
2	than it
2	's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion .
1	's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion
3	's worth ,
2	's worth
2	with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion
2	fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion
1	mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion
2	mixing with reality and actors
2	with reality and actors
2	reality and actors
2	reality and
1	playing more than one role just to add to the confusion
2	playing more than one role just
2	more than one role just
2	more than one role
2	more than one
2	than one
2	to add to the confusion
1	add to the confusion
2	to the confusion
2	the confusion
0	It 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...
0	's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...
0	's probably not easy to make such a worthless film
2	's probably not
2	's probably
0	easy to make such a worthless film
1	to make such a worthless film
1	make such a worthless film
0	such a worthless film
0	a worthless film
1	worthless film
2	Hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it does n't .
1	Hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it does n't
2	Hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but
2	Hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors ,
2	Hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors
3	keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors
3	arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors
4	that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors
3	the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors
2	the movie
3	will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors
3	live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors
2	live up
3	to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors
3	the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors
2	the apparent skills of its makers and
2	the apparent skills of its makers
3	the apparent skills
2	apparent skills
2	of its makers
2	its makers
2	the talents of its actors
2	the talents
3	of its actors
2	its actors
2	it does n't
1	does n't
0	Has no reason to exist , other than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
1	Has no reason to exist
1	no reason to exist
2	reason to exist
2	to exist
2	, other than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
1	other than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
2	other than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe
3	than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe
2	to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe
2	to employ Hollywood kids and
2	to employ Hollywood kids
2	employ Hollywood kids
3	Hollywood kids
2	people who owe
2	who owe
2	favors to their famous parents .
2	favors to their famous parents
2	to their famous parents
2	their famous parents
2	famous parents
0	For a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie to pore over , No Such Thing is a big letdown .
2	For a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie to pore over
3	a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie to pore over
2	a guy
2	who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie to pore over
3	has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie to pore over
3	waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie to pore over
3	waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie
2	waited three years
2	three years
3	with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie
2	breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie
3	breathless anticipation
2	for a new Hal Hartley movie
2	a new Hal Hartley movie
2	new Hal Hartley movie
2	Hal Hartley movie
2	Hartley movie
2	to pore over
2	pore over
2	, No Such Thing is a big letdown .
0	No Such Thing is a big letdown .
2	No Such Thing
2	Such Thing
1	is a big letdown .
1	is a big letdown
0	a big letdown
0	big letdown
0	Constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .
2	slips from the grasp of its maker .
2	slips from the grasp of its maker
2	from the grasp of its maker
2	the grasp of its maker
2	the grasp
2	of its maker
2	its maker
2	Smothered by its own solemnity .
1	Smothered by its own solemnity
2	by its own solemnity
3	its own solemnity
2	own solemnity
1	` Christian Bale 's Quinn -LRB- is -RRB- a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like Gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
2	Christian Bale 's Quinn -LRB- is -RRB- a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like Gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
2	Christian Bale
3	's Quinn -LRB- is -RRB- a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like Gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
1	's Quinn -LRB- is -RRB- a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like Gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent .
2	's Quinn -LRB- is -RRB- a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like Gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent
2	Quinn -LRB- is -RRB- a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like Gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent
2	Quinn -LRB- is -RRB-
2	-LRB- is -RRB-
2	is -RRB-
2	a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like Gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent
2	a leather
2	clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like Gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent
2	clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like Gandalf
2	grunge-pirate with a hairdo like Gandalf
2	with a hairdo like Gandalf
2	a hairdo like Gandalf
2	a hairdo
2	like Gandalf
3	in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent
3	a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent
2	a wind-tunnel and
2	a wind-tunnel
4	a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent
2	simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent
4	simply astounding
2	cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent
2	cockney accent
2	Might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .
2	Might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people
1	be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people
1	one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people
2	one of those vanity projects
2	of those vanity projects
2	those vanity projects
2	vanity projects
1	in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people
2	in which
1	a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people
3	a renowned filmmaker
3	renowned filmmaker
1	attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people
2	to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people
1	show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people
2	show off his talent
2	show off
2	his talent
0	by surrounding himself with untalented people
1	surrounding himself with untalented people
2	surrounding himself
1	with untalented people
1	untalented people
0	After you laugh once -LRB- maybe twice -RRB- , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
1	After you laugh once -LRB- maybe twice -RRB-
1	you laugh once -LRB- maybe twice -RRB-
3	laugh once -LRB- maybe twice -RRB-
2	once -LRB- maybe twice -RRB-
3	-LRB- maybe twice -RRB-
3	maybe twice -RRB-
3	maybe twice
0	, you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
0	you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
1	will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
0	will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot
1	have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot
2	have completely
1	forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot
1	forgotten the movie
2	the movie
2	by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot
2	the time you get back to your car in the parking lot
2	the time
1	you get back to your car in the parking lot
0	get back to your car in the parking lot
2	get back
2	to your car in the parking lot
2	your car in the parking lot
2	your car
2	in the parking lot
2	the parking lot
2	parking lot
2	Not one moment in the enterprise did n't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow .
2	Not one moment in the enterprise
2	Not one moment
3	one moment
2	in the enterprise
3	the enterprise
2	did n't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow .
2	did n't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow
2	did n't
2	make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow
2	me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow
1	want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow
2	to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow
2	lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow
1	lie down in a dark room with something cool
2	lie down
3	in a dark room with something cool
3	a dark room with something cool
2	a dark room
3	dark room
3	with something cool
4	something cool
2	to my brow
2	my brow
1	In the era of The Sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
2	In the era of The Sopranos
2	the era of The Sopranos
2	the era
2	of The Sopranos
2	The Sopranos
0	, it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
1	it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
0	feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
1	feels painfully redundant and inauthentic
0	painfully redundant and inauthentic
1	redundant and inauthentic
1	redundant and
1	The overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .
2	The overall vibe
2	overall vibe
0	is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .
1	is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors
1	druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors
1	druggy and self-indulgent ,
1	druggy and self-indulgent
2	druggy and
1	like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors
2	a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors
2	a spring-break orgy
2	spring-break orgy
1	for pretentious arts majors
2	pretentious arts majors
2	arts majors
1	Breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .
2	Breen 's script
2	Breen 's
2	is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .
2	is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting
1	sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting
1	with actorish notations on the margin of acting
2	actorish notations on the margin of acting
2	actorish notations
2	on the margin of acting
2	the margin of acting
2	the margin
2	of acting
2	There 's no question that Epps scores once or twice , but it 's telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head .
2	There 's no question that Epps scores once or twice , but it 's telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head
2	There 's no question that Epps scores once or twice , but
3	There 's no question that Epps scores once or twice ,
3	There 's no question that Epps scores once or twice
3	's no question that Epps scores once or twice
2	no question that Epps scores once or twice
2	no question
2	that Epps scores once or twice
3	Epps scores once or twice
3	Epps scores
2	once or twice
2	once or
2	it 's telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head
3	's telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head
3	telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head
3	that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head
3	his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head
2	his funniest moment
3	funniest moment
2	comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head
2	when he falls about ten feet onto his head
1	he falls about ten feet onto his head
1	falls about ten feet onto his head
2	about ten feet onto his head
2	about ten feet
3	about ten
2	onto his head
2	his head
1	If only Merchant paid more attention the story .
2	If only Merchant paid more attention the story
2	only Merchant paid more attention the story
2	only Merchant
2	paid more attention the story
2	paid more attention
2	more attention
2	the story
0	At the one-hour mark , Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
2	At the one-hour mark
2	the one-hour mark
3	one-hour mark
1	, Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
1	Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
0	Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion
1	Herzog simply runs out of ideas and
0	Herzog simply runs out of ideas
0	simply runs out of ideas
1	runs out of ideas
2	runs out
2	of ideas
2	the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion
2	the pace
2	turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion
2	positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion
1	leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion
1	leaden as the movie sputters
1	as the movie sputters
1	the movie sputters
1	movie sputters
1	to its inevitable tragic conclusion
2	its inevitable tragic conclusion
2	inevitable tragic conclusion
2	tragic conclusion
1	... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .
2	too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .
2	too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be
3	contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be
3	to be as naturally charming as it needs to be
3	be as naturally charming as it needs to be
3	as naturally charming as it needs to be
3	as naturally charming
4	naturally charming
2	as it needs to be
2	it needs to be
2	needs to be
2	to be
1	A simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something .
2	A simpler , leaner treatment
2	simpler , leaner treatment
3	simpler , leaner
2	, leaner
2	would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something .
2	would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something
2	would have been preferable ;
2	would have been preferable
2	have been preferable
3	been preferable
2	after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something
2	after all
3	, being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something
4	being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something
2	being about nothing
1	about nothing
2	is sometimes funnier than being about something
2	sometimes funnier than being about something
3	funnier than being about something
2	than being about something
2	being about something
2	about something
1	The characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility .
1	The characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility
1	The characters are based on stock clichés , and
0	The characters are based on stock clichés ,
0	The characters are based on stock clichés
2	The characters
1	are based on stock clichés
1	based on stock clichés
2	on stock clichés
1	stock clichés
1	the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility
1	the attempt to complicate the story
2	attempt to complicate the story
2	to complicate the story
2	complicate the story
2	the story
1	only defies credibility
2	defies credibility
1	Everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .
1	Everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings
2	about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings
1	it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings
1	from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings
2	the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings
1	the bland songs
1	bland songs
2	to the colorful but flat drawings
2	the colorful but flat drawings
2	colorful but flat drawings
2	colorful but flat
2	colorful but
2	is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .
1	is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable
1	completely serviceable and quickly forgettable
2	completely serviceable and
2	completely serviceable
0	quickly forgettable
3	Not the Great American Comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too .
1	Not the Great American Comedy
4	the Great American Comedy
4	Great American Comedy
2	American Comedy
3	, but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too .
2	, but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too
2	, but
3	if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too
3	if you liked the previous movies in the series
3	you liked the previous movies in the series
2	liked the previous movies in the series
2	liked the previous movies
3	the previous movies
2	previous movies
3	in the series
2	the series
3	, you 'll have a good time with this one too
3	you 'll have a good time with this one too
3	'll have a good time with this one too
3	have a good time with this one too
3	a good time with this one too
3	a good time
3	good time
3	with this one too
2	this one too
2	one too
1	A domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches .
0	A domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic
3	A domestic melodrama
2	domestic melodrama
1	with weak dialogue and biopic
2	weak dialogue and biopic
2	dialogue and biopic
2	dialogue and
2	cliches .
0	Mr. Goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .
1	Mr. Goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction
2	Mr. Goyer 's
2	Goyer 's
0	loose , unaccountable direction
1	loose , unaccountable
2	, unaccountable
1	is technically sophisticated in the worst way .
0	is technically sophisticated in the worst way
1	technically sophisticated in the worst way
1	sophisticated in the worst way
1	in the worst way
2	the worst way
1	worst way
3	The movie is so thoughtlessly assembled .
2	The movie
1	is so thoughtlessly assembled .
1	is so thoughtlessly assembled
2	is so
1	thoughtlessly assembled
2	Benigni presents himself as the boy puppet Pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice .
1	presents himself as the boy puppet Pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice .
1	presents himself as the boy puppet Pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice
2	presents himself as the boy puppet Pinocchio ,
3	presents himself as the boy puppet Pinocchio
2	presents himself
2	as the boy puppet Pinocchio
2	the boy puppet Pinocchio
2	boy puppet Pinocchio
2	puppet Pinocchio
1	complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice
0	with receding hairline , weathered countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice
2	receding hairline , weathered countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice
1	hairline , weathered countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice
2	hairline , weathered countenance and
2	hairline , weathered countenance
3	hairline ,
2	weathered countenance
1	American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice
2	American Breckin Meyer 's
2	Breckin Meyer 's
2	Meyer 's
2	ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice
1	ridiculously inappropriate
2	Valley Boy voice
3	Boy voice
1	plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
1	plays like some corny television
2	like some corny television
1	some corny television
1	corny television
2	production from a bygone era
1	from a bygone era
2	a bygone era
2	bygone era
1	The end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .
2	The end result
2	end result
1	is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .
1	is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump
1	like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump
0	cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump
1	cold porridge
3	with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump
3	only the odd enjoyably chewy lump
3	the odd enjoyably chewy lump
3	odd enjoyably chewy lump
3	odd enjoyably
2	chewy lump
3	For all the charm of Kevin Kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there 's something creepy about this movie .
2	For all the charm of Kevin Kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope
3	all the charm of Kevin Kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope
3	the charm of Kevin Kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope
3	the charm of Kevin Kline and
3	the charm of Kevin Kline
2	the charm
2	of Kevin Kline
2	Kevin Kline
3	a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope
2	a story
2	that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope
2	puts old-fashioned values under the microscope
2	puts old-fashioned values
3	old-fashioned values
2	under the microscope
2	the microscope
1	, there 's something creepy about this movie .
2	there 's something creepy about this movie .
2	's something creepy about this movie .
2	's something creepy about this movie
1	something creepy about this movie
2	something creepy
2	about this movie
2	this movie
1	I was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
1	was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
1	was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
1	feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
3	feeling this movie
2	this movie
1	until it veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
1	it veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
2	veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
0	veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and
1	veered off too far into the Exxon zone ,
1	veered off too far into the Exxon zone
1	veered off too far
1	off too far
2	too far
2	into the Exxon zone
2	the Exxon zone
2	Exxon zone
1	left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
1	left me behind
1	left me
1	at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
1	the station looking for a return ticket to realism
2	the station
1	looking for a return ticket to realism
0	looking for a return ticket
2	for a return ticket
1	a return ticket
1	return ticket
2	to realism
3	Producer John Penotti surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . ''
3	Producer John Penotti
2	John Penotti
3	surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . ''
2	surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them .
2	surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them
2	surveyed high school students ... and
2	surveyed high school students ...
2	surveyed high school students
2	high school students
2	school students
2	came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them
2	came back with the astonishing revelation
3	back with the astonishing revelation
2	with the astonishing revelation
2	the astonishing revelation
2	astonishing revelation
2	that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them
2	that ``
2	they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them
2	wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them
2	to see something that did n't talk down to them
3	see something that did n't talk down to them
2	something that did n't talk down to them
2	that did n't talk down to them
3	did n't talk down to them
2	did n't
1	talk down to them
2	talk down
2	to them
1	Ignoring that , he made Swimfan anyway
2	that , he made Swimfan anyway
2	that ,
2	he made Swimfan anyway
3	made Swimfan anyway
2	made Swimfan
1	Naipaul fans may be disappointed .
2	Naipaul fans
1	may be disappointed .
2	may be disappointed
0	be disappointed
1	Those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep .
2	Those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand ,
2	who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand ,
2	are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand ,
2	are not
3	acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand ,
2	with the author 's work , on the other hand ,
2	with the author 's work
2	the author 's work
2	the author 's
1	author 's
2	, on the other hand ,
2	on the other hand ,
2	on the other hand
2	the other hand
2	other hand
1	may fall fast asleep .
1	may fall fast asleep
0	fall fast asleep
2	fast asleep
1	Hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .
1	Hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound
1	Hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and
2	Hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction ,
2	Hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction
2	waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction
3	too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction
2	long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction
3	to turn his movie in an unexpected direction
3	turn his movie in an unexpected direction
2	turn his movie
2	his movie
2	in an unexpected direction
2	an unexpected direction
2	unexpected direction
2	even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound
1	then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound
2	his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound
2	his tone
2	retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound
1	a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound
2	a genteel , prep-school quality
2	genteel , prep-school quality
2	, prep-school quality
2	prep-school quality
0	that feels dusty and leatherbound
2	feels dusty and leatherbound
2	dusty and leatherbound
2	dusty and
2	If you 're a Crocodile Hunter fan , you 'll enjoy at least the `` real '' portions of the film .
3	If you 're a Crocodile Hunter fan
2	you 're a Crocodile Hunter fan
2	're a Crocodile Hunter fan
2	a Crocodile Hunter fan
2	Crocodile Hunter fan
2	Hunter fan
3	, you 'll enjoy at least the `` real '' portions of the film .
3	you 'll enjoy at least the `` real '' portions of the film .
2	'll enjoy at least the `` real '' portions of the film .
2	'll enjoy at least the `` real '' portions of the film
2	enjoy at least the `` real '' portions of the film
3	enjoy at least
2	at least
2	the `` real '' portions of the film
2	the `` real '' portions
2	`` real '' portions
2	real '' portions
2	'' portions
2	of the film
2	the film
1	If you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .
2	If you 're looking for a story
2	you 're looking for a story
2	're looking for a story
1	looking for a story
3	for a story
2	a story
0	, do n't bother .
2	do n't bother .
1	do n't bother
2	do n't
1	Full Frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters .
2	Full Frontal
1	had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters .
0	had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters
1	had no effect and
2	had no effect
2	no effect
2	elicited no sympathies for any of the characters
2	elicited no sympathies
2	no sympathies
2	for any of the characters
2	any of the characters
2	of the characters
2	the characters
0	By that measure , it is a failure .
2	By that measure
2	that measure
0	, it is a failure .
0	it is a failure .
0	is a failure .
0	is a failure
0	a failure
1	A baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise .
1	A baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise
2	A baffling mixed platter
1	baffling mixed platter
2	mixed platter
2	of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise
2	gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise
3	gritty realism and magic realism
2	realism and magic realism
2	and magic realism
2	magic realism
1	with a hard-to-swallow premise
1	a hard-to-swallow premise
0	hard-to-swallow premise
1	An affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , Miss Congeniality .
1	An affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer
2	An affable but undernourished romantic comedy
2	affable but undernourished romantic comedy
2	affable but undernourished
2	affable but
2	romantic comedy
1	that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer
0	fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer
3	to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer
3	match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer
2	the freshness of the actress-producer and writer
2	the freshness
2	of the actress-producer and writer
2	the actress-producer and writer
1	actress-producer and writer
2	actress-producer and
2	's previous collaboration , Miss Congeniality .
2	's previous collaboration , Miss Congeniality
2	previous collaboration , Miss Congeniality
2	previous collaboration ,
2	previous collaboration
3	Miss Congeniality
2	Sometimes this modest little number clicks , and sometimes it does n't .
2	Sometimes this modest little number clicks , and sometimes it does n't
2	Sometimes this modest little number clicks , and
2	Sometimes this modest little number clicks ,
2	Sometimes this modest little number clicks
2	this modest little number clicks
3	this modest little number
2	modest little number
2	little number
2	sometimes it does n't
2	it does n't
1	does n't
1	Like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy .
2	Like a pack of dynamite sticks
2	a pack of dynamite sticks
2	a pack
2	of dynamite sticks
2	dynamite sticks
2	, built for controversy .
1	built for controversy .
3	built for controversy
3	for controversy
2	The film is explosive , but a few of those sticks are wet .
1	The film is explosive , but a few of those sticks are wet
1	The film is explosive , but
4	The film is explosive ,
4	The film is explosive
2	The film
3	is explosive
2	a few of those sticks are wet
2	a few of those sticks
2	a few
2	of those sticks
2	those sticks
2	are wet
2	Has its charming quirks and its dull spots .
3	Has its charming quirks and its dull spots
2	its charming quirks and its dull spots
3	its charming quirks and
4	its charming quirks
3	charming quirks
1	its dull spots
1	dull spots
1	An admitted egomaniac , Evans is no Hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of Don Simpson .
2	An admitted egomaniac , Evans is no Hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of Don Simpson
2	An admitted egomaniac , Evans is no Hollywood villain , and
2	An admitted egomaniac , Evans is no Hollywood villain ,
2	An admitted egomaniac , Evans is no Hollywood villain
2	An admitted egomaniac
1	admitted egomaniac
3	, Evans is no Hollywood villain
3	Evans is no Hollywood villain
2	is no Hollywood villain
2	no Hollywood villain
2	Hollywood villain
2	yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of Don Simpson
1	yet this grating showcase
2	this grating showcase
2	grating showcase
1	almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of Don Simpson
2	makes you wish he 'd gone the way of Don Simpson
1	you wish he 'd gone the way of Don Simpson
2	wish he 'd gone the way of Don Simpson
2	he 'd gone the way of Don Simpson
2	'd gone the way of Don Simpson
2	gone the way of Don Simpson
2	the way of Don Simpson
2	the way
2	of Don Simpson
2	Don Simpson
1	The audience when I saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack .
1	The audience when I saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack
1	The audience when I saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and
2	The audience when I saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times ,
2	The audience when I saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times
2	The audience when I saw this one
2	The audience
2	when I saw this one
3	I saw this one
2	saw this one
2	this one
1	was chuckling at all the wrong times
2	chuckling at all the wrong times
1	at all the wrong times
2	all the wrong times
1	the wrong times
2	wrong times
1	that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack
1	's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack
0	a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack
1	a bad sign
1	bad sign
2	when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack
2	they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack
2	're supposed to be having a collective heart attack
2	supposed to be having a collective heart attack
2	to be having a collective heart attack
2	be having a collective heart attack
2	having a collective heart attack
1	a collective heart attack
1	collective heart attack
1	heart attack
1	Everyone 's to blame here .
2	's to blame here .
2	's to blame here
2	to blame here
2	blame here
1	You get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .
2	You get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools
2	You get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory ... but
3	You get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory ...
2	You get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory
3	get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory
2	get the impression
2	the impression
3	that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory
3	writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory
2	writer and director Burr Steers
2	writer and
2	director Burr Steers
2	Burr Steers
2	knows the territory
2	the territory
2	his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools
2	his sense of humor
2	his sense
2	of humor
2	has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools
2	has yet
1	to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools
2	lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools
1	the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools
1	the smug self-satisfaction
0	smug self-satisfaction
2	usually associated with the better private schools
2	associated with the better private schools
2	with the better private schools
2	the better private schools
2	better private schools
2	private schools
1	Less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession .
2	Less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession
2	Less a study in madness or love
2	Less a study
2	a study
2	in madness or love
2	madness or love
2	madness or
2	than a study in schoolgirl obsession
1	a study in schoolgirl obsession
2	a study
2	in schoolgirl obsession
2	schoolgirl obsession
1	Rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .
0	never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .
2	never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them
1	never clearly defines his characters or
1	never clearly defines his characters
2	clearly defines his characters
2	defines his characters
2	his characters
3	gives us a reason to care about them
2	gives us
2	a reason to care about them
2	reason to care about them
3	to care about them
2	care about them
2	about them
2	It 's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction .
1	's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction .
0	's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction
2	's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly
2	's a bizarre curiosity memorable
3	a bizarre curiosity memorable
2	a bizarre curiosity
3	bizarre curiosity
1	for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction
1	the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction
0	the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script ,
1	the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script
2	the way
2	it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script
0	fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script
1	fritters away
1	its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script
2	its potentially interesting subject matter
3	potentially interesting subject matter
3	potentially interesting subject
3	interesting subject
1	via a banal script
1	a banal script
1	banal script
0	unimpressive acting and indifferent direction
2	acting and indifferent direction
2	acting and indifferent
2	acting and
2	A slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits , age-wise .
1	A slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits ,
1	A slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits
2	A slight and obvious effort ,
2	A slight and obvious effort
2	slight and obvious effort
1	slight and obvious
2	slight and
1	even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits
2	for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits
1	one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits
1	whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits
2	whose target demographic
2	target demographic
2	is likely still in the single digits
2	is likely still
2	is likely
2	in the single digits
2	the single digits
2	single digits
2	age-wise .
2	Sex With Strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness .
2	Sex With Strangers
2	With Strangers
3	will shock many with its unblinking frankness .
3	will shock many with its unblinking frankness
2	shock many with its unblinking frankness
2	shock many
2	with its unblinking frankness
2	its unblinking frankness
2	unblinking frankness
1	But what is missing from it all is a moral .
2	what is missing from it all is a moral .
1	what is missing from it
2	is missing from it
1	missing from it
2	from it
2	all is a moral .
2	is a moral .
2	is a moral
3	a moral
2	What is the filmmakers ' point ?
1	is the filmmakers ' point ?
2	is the filmmakers ' point
2	the filmmakers ' point
2	the filmmakers '
2	filmmakers '
1	Why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?
1	did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?
0	did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery
2	did they
1	deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery
2	it necessary to document all this emotional misery
1	necessary to document all this emotional misery
1	to document all this emotional misery
2	document all this emotional misery
0	all this emotional misery
0	this emotional misery
1	emotional misery
2	You see Robin Williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm .
2	You see Robin Williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm
2	You see Robin Williams and psycho killer , and
1	You see Robin Williams and psycho killer ,
2	You see Robin Williams and psycho killer
2	see Robin Williams and psycho killer
2	Robin Williams and psycho killer
2	Robin Williams and
2	Robin Williams
2	psycho killer
2	you think , hmmmmm
2	think , hmmmmm
2	think ,
0	You see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .
0	You see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz
2	You see the movie and
2	You see the movie
3	see the movie
2	the movie
0	you think , zzzzzzzzz
0	think , zzzzzzzzz
2	think ,
0	Downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating .
1	Downright transparent
0	is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating .
0	is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating
0	is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes
1	the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes
1	the script 's endless assault
2	the script 's
2	script 's
0	endless assault
1	of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes
0	embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes
1	embarrassingly ham-fisted
2	sex jokes
1	that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating
1	reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating
1	reek of a script
2	of a script
2	a script
2	rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating
2	designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating
2	to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating
3	garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating
2	the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating
2	the film
2	a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating
2	`` cooler '' PG-13 rating
2	cooler '' PG-13 rating
2	'' PG-13 rating
2	PG-13 rating
0	The movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
2	The movie
0	slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
1	slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves
1	downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves
2	downhill as soon
2	as soon
2	as macho action conventions assert themselves
2	macho action conventions assert themselves
2	macho action conventions
2	action conventions
2	assert themselves
1	Formulaic to the 51st power , more like .
2	Formulaic to the 51st power , more
2	to the 51st power , more
2	the 51st power , more
2	the 51st power ,
2	the 51st power
2	51st power
3	like .
2	Draggin ' about dragons
2	Draggin '
2	about dragons
1	Howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by Howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject .
1	Howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by Howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject
3	Howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but
3	Howard and his co-stars all give committed performances ,
3	Howard and his co-stars all give committed performances
2	Howard and his co-stars all
2	Howard and
2	his co-stars all
2	his co-stars
3	give committed performances
4	committed performances
2	they 're often undone by Howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject
1	're often undone by Howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject
2	're often
1	undone by Howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject
1	undone by Howard 's self-conscious attempts
2	by Howard 's self-conscious attempts
2	Howard 's self-conscious attempts
2	Howard 's
2	self-conscious attempts
2	to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject
2	find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject
1	find a ` literary ' filmmaking style
2	a ` literary ' filmmaking style
2	` literary ' filmmaking style
2	literary ' filmmaking style
2	' filmmaking style
2	filmmaking style
2	to match his subject
2	match his subject
2	his subject
2	A respectable but uninspired thriller that 's intelligent and considered in its details , but ultimately weak in its impact .
2	A respectable but uninspired thriller that 's intelligent and considered in its details , but ultimately weak in its impact
2	A respectable but uninspired thriller
1	respectable but uninspired thriller
2	respectable but uninspired
2	respectable but
2	that 's intelligent and considered in its details , but ultimately weak in its impact
2	's intelligent and considered in its details , but ultimately weak in its impact
2	's intelligent and considered in its details , but ultimately weak
2	intelligent and considered in its details , but ultimately weak
3	intelligent and considered in its details , but
3	intelligent and considered in its details ,
3	intelligent and considered in its details
3	intelligent and
2	considered in its details
2	in its details
2	its details
1	ultimately weak
2	in its impact
2	its impact
2	Jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability .
1	Jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability
3	Jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but
3	Jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot ,
3	Jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot
2	helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot
2	breathe some life into the insubstantial plot
2	breathe some life
2	some life
2	into the insubstantial plot
1	the insubstantial plot
1	insubstantial plot
1	even he is overwhelmed by predictability
0	he is overwhelmed by predictability
1	is overwhelmed by predictability
1	overwhelmed by predictability
2	by predictability
2	The movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .
2	The movie
1	just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .
1	has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .
1	has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time
2	has too much on its plate
1	too much on its plate
1	too much
2	on its plate
2	its plate
1	to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time
2	to really
1	stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time
3	stay afloat
2	for its just under ninety minute running time
2	its just under ninety minute running time
2	just under ninety minute running time
2	just under ninety minute
2	under ninety minute
2	ninety minute
2	running time
1	Comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire .
1	Comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire
2	Comes off more
2	off more
2	like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire
1	a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire
2	a misdemeanor ,
2	a misdemeanor
1	a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire
1	a flat , unconvincing drama
1	flat , unconvincing drama
1	flat , unconvincing
1	, unconvincing
1	that never catches fire
1	never catches fire
2	catches fire
1	Offers absolutely nothing I had n't already seen .
2	absolutely nothing I had n't already seen .
1	nothing I had n't already seen .
2	I had n't already seen .
2	had n't already seen .
2	had n't already seen
2	had n't already
2	had n't
0	`` Analyze That '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
0	Analyze That '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
2	Analyze That
0	'' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
0	is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
1	is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
1	one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
0	of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
0	those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
0	those crass , contrived sequels
0	crass , contrived sequels
1	, contrived sequels
1	contrived sequels
0	that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
1	not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
2	not only
0	fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
1	fails on its own , but
1	fails on its own ,
1	fails on its own
2	on its own
3	its own
2	makes you second-guess your affection for the original
1	you second-guess your affection for the original
2	second-guess your affection for the original
2	second-guess your affection
2	your affection
2	for the original
3	the original
2	You might say Tykwer has done all that Heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible .
2	might say Tykwer has done all that Heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible .
2	might say Tykwer has done all that Heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible
2	say Tykwer has done all that Heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible
2	Tykwer has done all that Heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible
2	has done all that Heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible
2	done all that Heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible
2	done all
2	that Heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible
2	Heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible
2	allows , if you wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible
2	allows ,
2	if you wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible
2	you wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible
2	wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible
1	to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible
2	make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible
2	as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible
2	anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible
2	a pun as possible
2	a pun
2	as possible
1	Suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .
2	Suffice to say its total promise
2	to say its total promise
2	say its total promise
3	its total promise
2	total promise
1	is left slightly unfulfilled .
1	is left slightly unfulfilled
1	left slightly unfulfilled
1	slightly unfulfilled
1	Complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold .
2	Complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold
2	Complex ,
2	sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold
2	sinuously plotted and , somehow ,
3	sinuously plotted and
1	sinuously plotted
2	, somehow ,
2	somehow ,
0	off-puttingly cold
3	First-time writer-director Dylan Kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .
2	First-time writer-director Dylan Kidd
2	writer-director Dylan Kidd
3	Dylan Kidd
3	also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .
3	has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .
3	has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people
4	a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people
2	a good ear for dialogue , and
3	a good ear for dialogue ,
3	a good ear for dialogue
2	a good ear
3	good ear
2	for dialogue
3	the characters sound like real people
2	the characters sound
2	characters sound
3	like real people
2	real people
0	... an airless , prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if Lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit .
0	an airless , prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if Lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit .
0	an airless , prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you
1	an airless , prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe
0	airless , prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe
1	, prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe
2	prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe
1	Julia Roberts wannabe
2	Roberts wannabe
0	that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you
0	stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you
0	stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering
2	so badly of hard-sell image-mongering
1	so badly
2	of hard-sell image-mongering
1	hard-sell image-mongering
2	'll wonder if Lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit .
2	'll wonder if Lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit
2	wonder if Lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit
2	if Lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit
1	Lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit
2	Lopez 's publicist
2	Lopez 's
3	should share screenwriting credit
2	share screenwriting credit
2	screenwriting credit
0	Goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .
1	Goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab
1	Goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and
1	Goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures ,
1	Goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures
1	has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures
1	none of the visual wit of the previous pictures
2	of the visual wit of the previous pictures
3	the visual wit of the previous pictures
3	the visual wit
2	visual wit
2	of the previous pictures
2	the previous pictures
2	previous pictures
1	it looks as though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab
1	looks as though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab
0	as though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab
1	though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab
2	Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab
2	Jay Roach
0	directed the film from the back of a taxicab
2	directed the film
2	the film
2	from the back of a taxicab
2	the back of a taxicab
2	the back
2	of a taxicab
2	a taxicab
1	Could as easily have been called ` Under Siege 3 : In Alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .
1	Could as easily have been called ` Under Siege 3 : In Alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life
2	Could as easily have been called ` Under Siege 3 :
2	Could as easily have been called ` Under Siege 3
2	as easily have been called ` Under Siege 3
2	as easily
1	have been called ` Under Siege 3
2	been called ` Under Siege 3
2	called ` Under Siege 3
2	` Under Siege 3
2	Under Siege 3
2	Siege 3
0	In Alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life
0	In Alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse
1	Alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse
2	Alcatraz ' ...
2	Alcatraz '
1	a cinematic corpse
1	cinematic corpse
1	that never springs to life
1	never springs to life
2	springs to life
2	to life
0	In comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .
2	In comparison to his earlier films
2	comparison to his earlier films
2	to his earlier films
2	his earlier films
2	earlier films
1	it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .
1	seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .
0	seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little
1	a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little
1	a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ...
1	a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title
2	a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ;
2	a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life
1	a disappointingly thin slice
1	disappointingly thin slice
0	disappointingly thin
2	of lower-class London life
2	lower-class London life
2	London life
2	despite the title
2	the title
1	amounts to surprisingly little
2	to surprisingly little
2	surprisingly little
1	Lame Sweet Home leaves no Southern stereotype unturned .
2	Lame Sweet Home
2	Sweet Home
2	leaves no Southern stereotype unturned .
1	leaves no Southern stereotype unturned
2	no Southern stereotype unturned
2	no Southern stereotype
2	Southern stereotype
2	Slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot .
1	Slow , dry ,
1	Slow , dry
2	Slow ,
2	poorly cast , but beautifully shot .
3	cast , but beautifully shot .
3	cast , but beautifully shot
3	cast , but beautifully
2	cast , but
2	cast ,
0	The jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .
1	The jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious
1	The jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and
2	The jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere
1	The jokes are sophomoric ,
1	The jokes are sophomoric
2	The jokes
2	are sophomoric
1	stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere
2	are sprinkled everywhere
2	sprinkled everywhere
1	the acting ranges from bad to bodacious
2	the acting
1	ranges from bad to bodacious
0	ranges from bad
2	from bad
3	to bodacious
3	Will give many ministers and Bible-study groups hours of material to discuss .
2	give many ministers and Bible-study groups hours of material to discuss .
1	give many ministers and Bible-study groups hours of material to discuss
2	give many ministers and Bible-study groups
2	many ministers and Bible-study groups
2	ministers and Bible-study groups
2	and Bible-study groups
2	Bible-study groups
3	hours of material to discuss
2	hours of material
2	of material
2	to discuss
1	But mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
0	mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
2	mainstream audiences
1	will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
0	will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted
1	find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted
1	find little of interest
2	little of interest
3	of interest
1	in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted
1	this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted
2	this film ,
2	this film
1	which is often preachy and poorly acted
0	is often preachy and poorly acted
2	is often preachy and poorly
0	is often preachy and
1	is often preachy
2	is often
1	In its chicken heart , Crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
1	In its chicken heart
1	its chicken heart
2	chicken heart
1	, Crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
2	Crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
0	goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
0	goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises
1	goes to absurd lengths
0	to absurd lengths
0	absurd lengths
1	to duck the very issues it raises
1	duck the very issues it raises
2	the very issues it raises
2	the very issues
2	very issues
2	it raises
0	This long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .
1	This long and relentlessly saccharine film
0	long and relentlessly saccharine film
0	long and relentlessly saccharine
2	long and
1	relentlessly saccharine
2	is a clear case of preaching to the converted .
1	is a clear case of preaching to the converted
2	a clear case of preaching to the converted
2	a clear case
2	clear case
2	of preaching to the converted
2	preaching to the converted
2	to the converted
2	the converted
1	The film is flat .
2	The film
1	is flat .
1	is flat
1	The movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable .
3	The movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable
1	The movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ...
1	The movie is a lumbering load of hokum but
2	The movie
0	is a lumbering load of hokum but
1	a lumbering load of hokum but
1	a lumbering load
1	lumbering load
2	of hokum but
1	hokum but
1	it 's at least watchable
2	's at least watchable
2	at least watchable
2	at least
2	It 's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous ' ... the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated .
0	It 's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous ' ... the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated
1	It 's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous ' ...
0	It 's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous '
1	's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous '
0	a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous '
2	a boom-box
0	of a movie that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous '
0	a movie that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous '
2	a movie
1	that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous '
2	might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous '
1	have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous '
1	been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous '
2	titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous '
1	` The Loud and the Ludicrous '
2	The Loud and the Ludicrous '
2	The Loud and
2	The Loud
2	the Ludicrous '
1	Ludicrous '
1	the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated
1	the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males
2	the pandering
2	to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males
2	a moviegoing audience dominated by young males
2	a moviegoing audience
2	moviegoing audience
2	dominated by young males
2	by young males
2	young males
1	is all too calculated
2	is all too
2	all too
1	An unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity .
1	An unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you
0	An unbelievably stupid film
2	unbelievably stupid film
0	unbelievably stupid
2	, though occasionally fun enough to make you
3	though occasionally fun enough to make you
2	occasionally fun enough to make you
3	occasionally fun enough
3	occasionally fun
2	to make you
2	make you
1	forget its absurdity .
1	forget its absurdity
1	its absurdity
0	The first Fatal Attraction was vile enough .
3	The first Fatal Attraction
2	first Fatal Attraction
2	Fatal Attraction
0	was vile enough .
1	was vile enough
1	vile enough
1	Do we really need the Tiger Beat version ?
2	Do we really need the Tiger Beat version
2	Do we really
2	Do we
2	need the Tiger Beat version
2	the Tiger Beat version
2	Tiger Beat version
2	Beat version
1	This Bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .
2	This Bond film
2	Bond film
1	goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .
1	goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better
2	goes off
1	the beaten path , not necessarily for the better
2	the beaten path ,
2	the beaten path
2	beaten path
2	not necessarily for the better
2	not necessarily
3	for the better
2	the better
1	The problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .
2	The problem
1	is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .
1	is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not
1	that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not
1	that the movie has no idea of it is serious or
1	that the movie has no idea of it is serious
1	the movie has no idea of it is serious
2	the movie
1	has no idea of it is serious
1	no idea of it is serious
2	no idea of it
2	no idea
2	of it
2	is serious
1	When the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails .
1	When the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails
2	When the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and
1	When the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons
2	When the fire burns out
2	the fire burns out
2	the fire
1	burns out
2	, we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons
2	we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons
2	've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons
2	've only
2	come face-to-face with a couple dragons
2	come face-to-face
2	with a couple dragons
2	a couple dragons
2	couple dragons
1	that 's where the film ultimately fails
1	's where the film ultimately fails
0	where the film ultimately fails
0	the film ultimately fails
2	the film
0	ultimately fails
2	It would work much better as a one-hour TV documentary .
1	would work much better as a one-hour TV documentary .
2	would work much better as a one-hour TV documentary
1	work much better as a one-hour TV documentary
2	work much better
3	much better
2	as a one-hour TV documentary
2	a one-hour TV documentary
2	one-hour TV documentary
2	TV documentary
1	The elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .
1	The elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat
2	The elements were all there but
3	The elements were all there
2	The elements
2	were all there
2	all there
1	lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat
2	lack of a pyschological center
2	of a pyschological center
2	a pyschological center
2	pyschological center
1	knocks it flat
2	it flat
2	Anemic chronicle of money grubbing New Yorkers and their serial loveless hook ups .
1	Anemic chronicle of money grubbing New Yorkers and their serial
2	Anemic chronicle
1	of money grubbing New Yorkers and their serial
2	money grubbing New Yorkers and their serial
2	grubbing New Yorkers and their serial
2	New Yorkers and their serial
2	New Yorkers and
2	New Yorkers
2	their serial
1	loveless hook ups .
2	loveless hook ups
2	hook ups
2	Simply does n't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time .
1	does n't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time .
1	does n't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time
1	does n't
2	have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time
3	sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time
1	heft to justify its two-hour running time
1	to justify its two-hour running time
1	justify its two-hour running time
2	its two-hour running time
2	two-hour running time
2	running time
1	An unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .
1	An unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas
0	An unsuccessful attempt at a movie
1	An unsuccessful attempt
1	unsuccessful attempt
2	at a movie
2	a movie
2	of ideas
1	Queen of the Damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .
1	Queen of the Damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame
1	Queen of the Damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role --
2	Queen of the Damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role
2	Queen of the Damned as you might have guessed ,
2	Queen of the Damned as you might have guessed
2	Queen of the Damned
2	of the Damned
2	the Damned
2	as you might have guessed
2	you might have guessed
1	might have guessed
2	have guessed
1	makes sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role
1	sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role
1	sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and
1	sorry use of Aaliyah in her one
2	sorry use of Aaliyah
2	use of Aaliyah
2	of Aaliyah
2	in her one
2	her one
2	only starring role
2	starring role
1	she does little here but point at things that explode into flame
1	does little here but point at things that explode into flame
2	does little here but
1	does little here
1	does little
1	point at things that explode into flame
2	at things that explode into flame
2	things that explode into flame
2	that explode into flame
2	explode into flame
2	into flame
1	This toothless Dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen .
1	This toothless Dog , already on cable ,
2	This toothless Dog , already on cable
2	This toothless Dog ,
2	This toothless Dog
1	toothless Dog
2	already on cable
1	on cable
1	loses all bite on the big screen .
1	loses all bite on the big screen
1	loses all
2	bite on the big screen
2	on the big screen
2	the big screen
2	big screen
0	It made me feel unclean , and I 'm the guy who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies .
0	It made me feel unclean , and I 'm the guy who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies
1	It made me feel unclean , and
1	It made me feel unclean ,
1	It made me feel unclean
1	made me feel unclean
0	me feel unclean
2	feel unclean
2	I 'm the guy who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies
2	'm the guy who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies
2	the guy who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies
2	the guy
3	who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies
2	liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies
3	There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies
3	's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies
2	Something About Mary and both American Pie movies
2	About Mary and both American Pie movies
2	Mary and both American Pie movies
2	Mary and
2	both American Pie movies
2	American Pie movies
2	Pie movies
2	Oh , and Booty Call .
2	, and Booty Call .
2	and Booty Call .
2	and Booty
2	Call .
1	Not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as Wonder Bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us : It preaches .
1	Not only is it hokey
2	Not only
1	is it hokey
2	is it
1	, manipulative and as bland as Wonder Bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us : It preaches .
0	manipulative and as bland as Wonder Bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us : It preaches .
1	manipulative and as bland as Wonder Bread dipped in milk
1	manipulative and as bland
1	and as bland
2	as bland
2	as Wonder Bread dipped in milk
2	Wonder Bread dipped in milk
2	Wonder Bread
2	dipped in milk
2	in milk
0	, but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us : It preaches .
2	but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us : It preaches .
1	but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us : It preaches
0	but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us :
1	but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us
1	it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us
1	also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us
1	does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us
1	the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us
2	the absolute last thing
2	absolute last thing
2	last thing
2	we need Hollywood doing to us
2	need Hollywood doing to us
2	Hollywood doing to us
2	doing to us
2	to us
1	It preaches
1	It 's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence .
1	's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence .
2	's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence
3	's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments
2	so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments
3	crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments
2	with scenes and vistas and pretty moments
3	scenes and vistas and pretty moments
2	scenes and vistas and
2	scenes and vistas
2	scenes and
3	pretty moments
0	that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence
1	it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence
2	's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence
0	left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence
1	left a few crucial things out ,
1	left a few crucial things out
2	left a few crucial things
2	a few crucial things
2	few crucial things
2	crucial things
2	like character development and coherence
2	character development and coherence
2	development and coherence
2	development and
1	Serving Sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .
2	Serving Sara
0	should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .
0	should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it
0	be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it
1	served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it
2	served an eviction notice
1	an eviction notice
2	eviction notice
2	at every theater stuck with it
1	every theater stuck with it
2	every theater
2	stuck with it
3	with it
2	Director Roger Michell does so many of the little things right that it 's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff .
2	Director Roger Michell
2	Roger Michell
2	does so many of the little things right that it 's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff .
1	does so many of the little things right that it 's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff
4	does so many of the little things right
2	so many of the little things right
2	many of the little things right
2	of the little things right
2	the little things right
2	the little things
2	little things
1	that it 's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff
1	it 's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff
1	's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff
2	's difficult
2	not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff
1	to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff
1	cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff
2	cuss him out severely
2	cuss him out
2	cuss him
1	for bungling the big stuff
1	bungling the big stuff
2	the big stuff
2	big stuff
0	A loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . '
0	A loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives
1	A loud , low-budget and tired formula film
0	loud , low-budget and tired formula film
0	loud , low-budget and tired
1	, low-budget and tired
0	low-budget and tired
1	low-budget and
2	formula film
2	that arrives
2	cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . '
2	cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama .
1	cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama
2	in the euphemism ` urban drama
2	the euphemism ` urban drama
2	euphemism ` urban drama
2	` urban drama
2	urban drama
0	The movie has a script -LRB- by Paul Pender -RRB- made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .
1	The movie has a script -LRB- by Paul Pender -RRB- made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions
1	The movie has a script -LRB- by Paul Pender -RRB- made of wood , and
1	The movie has a script -LRB- by Paul Pender -RRB- made of wood ,
2	The movie has a script -LRB- by Paul Pender -RRB- made of wood
2	The movie
1	has a script -LRB- by Paul Pender -RRB- made of wood
1	a script -LRB- by Paul Pender -RRB- made of wood
2	a script -LRB- by Paul Pender -RRB-
2	a script
2	-LRB- by Paul Pender -RRB-
2	by Paul Pender -RRB-
2	by Paul Pender
2	Paul Pender
2	made of wood
2	of wood
1	it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions
1	's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions
2	's relentlessly folksy ,
1	's relentlessly folksy
1	relentlessly folksy
2	a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions
2	a procession
1	of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions
2	stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions
2	stagy set pieces
2	stagy set
2	stacked with binary oppositions
2	with binary oppositions
2	binary oppositions
0	A pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .
2	A pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just
0	A pathetic exploitation film
1	pathetic exploitation film
1	exploitation film
2	that tries to seem sincere , and just
1	tries to seem sincere , and just
2	to seem sincere , and just
3	seem sincere , and just
3	sincere , and just
2	sincere , and
2	sincere ,
1	seems worse for the effort .
1	seems worse for the effort
2	worse for the effort
2	for the effort
2	the effort
1	At some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .
2	At some point
2	some point
1	, all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .
0	all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .
2	all this visual trickery
1	this visual trickery
2	visual trickery
1	stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .
1	stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill
2	being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill
2	being clever and devolves
2	clever and devolves
3	clever and
2	into flashy , vaguely silly overkill
2	flashy , vaguely silly overkill
1	, vaguely silly overkill
1	vaguely silly overkill
1	silly overkill
1	Despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable
2	Despite some charm and heart
3	some charm and heart
3	charm and heart
2	charm and
1	, this quirky soccer import is forgettable
1	this quirky soccer import is forgettable
2	this quirky soccer import
2	quirky soccer import
2	soccer import
1	is forgettable
1	Meyjes 's movie , like Max Rothman 's future , does not work .
2	Meyjes 's movie
2	Meyjes 's
1	, like Max Rothman 's future , does not work .
1	like Max Rothman 's future , does not work .
2	like Max Rothman 's future
2	Max Rothman 's future
2	Max Rothman 's
2	Rothman 's
1	, does not work .
1	does not work .
1	does not work
2	does not
1	What 's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .
2	What 's needed so badly but what is virtually absent
1	's needed so badly but what is virtually absent
0	needed so badly but what is virtually absent
1	needed so badly
1	so badly
2	but what is virtually absent
2	what is virtually absent
1	is virtually absent
1	virtually absent
2	here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .
3	is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .
2	is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy
2	is either
2	a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy
2	a saving dark humor or
2	a saving dark humor
2	saving dark humor
2	dark humor
1	the feel of poetic tragedy
2	the feel
2	of poetic tragedy
1	poetic tragedy
1	Schneidermeister ... Makin ' a fool of himself ... Losin ' his fan base ...
1	Schneidermeister ... Makin ' a fool of himself ... Losin ' his fan base
1	Schneidermeister ... Makin ' a fool of himself ...
1	Schneidermeister ... Makin ' a fool of himself
2	Schneidermeister ...
1	Makin ' a fool of himself
2	Makin '
2	a fool of himself
2	a fool
2	of himself
1	Losin ' his fan base
1	Losin '
2	his fan base
2	fan base
2	An ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance .
0	An ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance
1	An ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ;
1	An ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong
3	An ambitious , serious film
3	ambitious , serious film
2	, serious film
2	serious film
0	that manages to do virtually everything wrong
0	manages to do virtually everything wrong
1	to do virtually everything wrong
0	do virtually everything wrong
1	virtually everything wrong
2	virtually everything
0	sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance
2	sitting through it
2	through it
2	is something akin to an act of cinematic penance
2	something akin to an act of cinematic penance
1	akin to an act of cinematic penance
2	to an act of cinematic penance
2	an act of cinematic penance
2	an act
2	of cinematic penance
2	cinematic penance
1	Not once does it come close to being exciting .
2	Not once
2	does it come close to being exciting .
2	does it come close to being exciting
2	does it
2	come close to being exciting
3	close to being exciting
3	to being exciting
3	being exciting
2	A Frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick , Bartleby performs neither one very well .
1	A Frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick
2	A Frankenstein
1	mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick
1	that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick
1	careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick
2	careens from dark satire
3	from dark satire
2	dark satire
2	to cartoonish slapstick
2	cartoonish slapstick
1	, Bartleby performs neither one very well .
1	Bartleby performs neither one very well .
1	performs neither one very well .
1	performs neither one very well
2	performs neither one
2	neither one
3	very well
2	It plays like a big-budget , after-school special with a generous cast , who at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness .
2	plays like a big-budget , after-school special with a generous cast , who at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness .
2	plays like a big-budget , after-school special with a generous cast , who at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness
1	like a big-budget , after-school special with a generous cast , who at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness
2	a big-budget , after-school special with a generous cast , who at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness
1	a big-budget , after-school special
1	big-budget , after-school special
1	, after-school special
2	after-school special
3	with a generous cast , who at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness
2	a generous cast , who at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness
3	a generous cast ,
3	a generous cast
3	generous cast
2	who at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness
2	at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness
2	at times
1	lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness
2	lift the material
2	the material
1	from its well-meaning clunkiness
2	its well-meaning clunkiness
1	well-meaning clunkiness
2	There 's something not entirely convincing about The Quiet American .
1	's something not entirely convincing about The Quiet American .
1	's something not entirely convincing about The Quiet American
2	something not entirely convincing about The Quiet American
1	not entirely convincing about The Quiet American
3	entirely convincing about The Quiet American
2	convincing about The Quiet American
2	convincing about
2	The Quiet American
2	Quiet American
2	And that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by Brendan Fraser .
2	that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by Brendan Fraser .
2	holds true for both the movie and the title character played by Brendan Fraser .
2	holds true for both the movie and the title character played by Brendan Fraser
2	true for both the movie and the title character played by Brendan Fraser
2	for both the movie and the title character played by Brendan Fraser
2	both the movie and the title character played by Brendan Fraser
2	both the movie and
2	both the movie
2	the movie
2	the title character played by Brendan Fraser
2	the title character
2	title character
2	played by Brendan Fraser
2	by Brendan Fraser
2	Brendan Fraser
0	One of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
2	One of those
2	of those
1	strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
0	strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends
1	strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and
0	strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch
1	caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch
2	caper movies
1	that 's hardly any fun to watch
1	's hardly any fun to watch
2	's hardly
2	any fun to watch
3	fun to watch
2	to watch
0	begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends
1	to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends
0	vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends
1	vaporize from your memory minutes
2	from your memory minutes
2	your memory minutes
2	memory minutes
2	after it ends
2	it ends
1	Needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance .
1	Needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance
3	a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance
1	little less bling-bling and a lot more romance
1	little less bling-bling and a lot more
2	little less bling-bling and
1	little less bling-bling
1	less bling-bling
3	a lot more
2	a lot
2	The ending does n't work ... but most of the movie works so well I 'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong .
3	The ending does n't work ... but most of the movie works so well I 'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong
1	The ending does n't work ... but
1	The ending does n't work ...
0	The ending does n't work
2	The ending
1	does n't work
1	does n't
2	most of the movie works so well I 'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong
2	most of the movie
2	of the movie
2	the movie
3	works so well I 'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong
3	works so well I 'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about
2	works so well I 'm almost recommending it , anyway --
3	works so well I 'm almost recommending it , anyway
2	so well I 'm almost recommending it , anyway
2	well I 'm almost recommending it , anyway
3	I 'm almost recommending it , anyway
2	'm almost recommending it , anyway
2	almost recommending it , anyway
2	recommending it , anyway
3	recommending it ,
3	recommending it
2	maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about
2	not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about
2	to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about
2	to everybody
3	, but certainly to people with a curiosity about
2	but certainly to people with a curiosity about
2	certainly to people with a curiosity about
2	to people with a curiosity about
2	people with a curiosity about
3	with a curiosity about
2	a curiosity about
2	curiosity about
2	how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong
2	a movie can go very right , and then step wrong
2	a movie
2	can go very right , and then step wrong
1	go very right , and then step wrong
2	go very right , and then
2	go very right , and
3	go very right ,
3	go very right
3	very right
1	step wrong
1	It 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
1	's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
1	's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before
1	hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before
1	to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before
1	believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before
1	these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before
2	these jokers
2	are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before
2	supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before
2	to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before
1	have pulled off four similar kidnappings before
2	pulled off four similar kidnappings before
2	pulled off
2	four similar kidnappings before
2	four similar kidnappings
2	similar kidnappings
1	I 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .
0	'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .
1	'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about
3	'm not
2	exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about
2	sure what this movie thinks it is about
2	what this movie thinks it is about
2	this movie thinks it is about
2	this movie
2	thinks it is about
2	it is about
2	is about
1	Cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .
0	is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .
1	is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes
2	an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes
1	an unpleasantly
1	shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes
2	shallow and immature character with whom
0	shallow and immature character
1	and immature character
1	immature character
2	with whom
1	to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes
0	spend 110 claustrophobic minutes
2	110 claustrophobic minutes
2	110 claustrophobic
2	So brisk is Wang 's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .
1	brisk is Wang 's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .
2	is Wang 's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .
1	is Wang 's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe
2	is Wang 's pacing
2	Wang 's pacing
2	Wang 's
1	that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe
1	none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe
2	none of the excellent cast
3	of the excellent cast
4	the excellent cast
4	excellent cast
2	are given air to breathe
2	given air to breathe
2	given air
2	to breathe
1	The bottom line , at least in my opinion , is Imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .
2	The bottom line , at least in my opinion ,
2	The bottom line , at least in my opinion
2	The bottom line ,
2	The bottom line
2	bottom line
2	at least in my opinion
2	at least
2	in my opinion
2	my opinion
1	is Imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .
1	is Imposter makes a better short story than it does a film
1	Imposter makes a better short story than it does a film
1	makes a better short story than it does a film
1	makes a better short story
3	a better short story
2	better short story
2	better short
2	than it does a film
2	it does a film
2	does a film
2	a film
2	Some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent .
2	Some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent
1	Some elements of it really blow the big one , but
1	Some elements of it really blow the big one ,
1	Some elements of it really blow the big one
2	Some elements of it
2	Some elements
2	of it
1	really blow the big one
1	blow the big one
2	the big one
2	big one
2	other parts are decent
2	other parts
3	are decent
1	It is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .
1	is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .
1	is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style
0	just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style
1	too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style
1	bad the film 's story does not live up to its style
1	the film 's story does not live up to its style
2	the film 's story
2	the film 's
2	film 's
1	does not live up to its style
2	does not
2	live up to its style
2	live up
2	to its style
2	its style
1	Unless you 're a fanatic , the best advice is : ` Scooby ' do n't .
2	Unless you 're a fanatic
2	you 're a fanatic
2	're a fanatic
2	a fanatic
2	, the best advice is : ` Scooby ' do n't .
1	the best advice is : ` Scooby ' do n't .
3	the best advice
2	best advice
0	is : ` Scooby ' do n't .
1	is : ` Scooby ' do n't
2	is : `
2	is :
2	Scooby ' do n't
2	Scooby '
2	do n't
1	A cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .
2	A cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself
2	A cautionary tale
2	cautionary tale
1	about the folly of superficiality that is itself
1	the folly of superficiality that is itself
1	the folly of superficiality
2	the folly
1	of superficiality
2	that is itself
2	is itself
1	endlessly superficial .
1	superficial .
2	For single digits kidlets Stuart Little 2 is still a no brainer .
2	For single digits kidlets
2	single digits kidlets
2	digits kidlets
2	Stuart Little 2 is still a no brainer .
2	Stuart Little 2
2	Little 2
2	is still a no brainer .
2	is still a no brainer
2	is still
2	a no brainer
2	a no
1	If you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you 'll need a stronger stomach than us .
2	If you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film
2	you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film
2	're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film
2	looking to rekindle the magic of the first film
2	to rekindle the magic of the first film
3	rekindle the magic of the first film
2	the magic of the first film
2	the magic
2	of the first film
2	the first film
2	first film
2	, you 'll need a stronger stomach than us .
0	you 'll need a stronger stomach than us .
2	'll need a stronger stomach than us .
1	'll need a stronger stomach than us
1	need a stronger stomach than us
2	need a stronger stomach
2	a stronger stomach
2	stronger stomach
2	than us
1	Shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera .
1	Shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera
1	Shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and
1	Shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen ,
2	Shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen
3	Shreve 's graceful dual narrative
2	Shreve 's
3	graceful dual narrative
2	dual narrative
1	gets clunky on the screen
1	clunky on the screen
2	on the screen
2	the screen
1	we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera
1	keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera
1	getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera
1	torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera
2	torn away from the compelling historical tale
1	torn away
2	from the compelling historical tale
3	the compelling historical tale
3	compelling historical tale
2	historical tale
2	to a less-compelling soap opera
1	a less-compelling soap opera
2	less-compelling soap opera
1	soap opera
1	Contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin .
1	Contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin
2	Contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or
3	Contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone
2	a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone
3	a few big laughs
2	few big laughs
3	big laughs
2	but many more that graze the funny bone
2	many more that graze the funny bone
2	many more
3	that graze the funny bone
2	graze the funny bone
3	the funny bone
3	funny bone
1	miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin
2	miss it altogether ,
0	miss it altogether
1	miss it
1	in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin
1	part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin
1	because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin
1	the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin
1	the consciously dumbed-down approach
1	consciously dumbed-down approach
1	dumbed-down approach
1	wears thin
1	Nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks .
1	more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks .
1	more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
2	more than a widget
2	than a widget
2	a widget
0	cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
1	cranked out on an assembly line
2	cranked out
2	on an assembly line
2	an assembly line
2	assembly line
1	to see if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
2	see if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
1	if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
1	stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
1	stupid Americans
2	will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
2	get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
3	get a kick out of goofy Brits
3	a kick out of goofy Brits
3	a kick
2	out of goofy Brits
2	of goofy Brits
2	goofy Brits
1	with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
2	cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
2	cute accents
0	performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
1	ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
0	slapstick and unfunny tricks
1	and unfunny tricks
1	unfunny tricks
1	This is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic .
2	is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic .
1	is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic
1	a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic
2	a film
1	tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic
2	for those who when they were in high school would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic
2	those who when they were in high school would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic
2	who when they were in high school would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic
2	when they were in high school would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic
2	when they were in high school
2	they were in high school
2	were in high school
2	in high school
2	high school
1	would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic
1	choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic
2	choose the Cliff-Notes
2	the Cliff-Notes
2	over reading a full-length classic
2	reading a full-length classic
4	a full-length classic
3	full-length classic
1	The movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .
2	The movie
1	is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .
1	is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
1	undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
2	by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
1	a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
2	a filmmaking methodology
2	filmmaking methodology
1	that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
1	's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
2	's just
1	experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
2	experimental enough
0	to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
1	alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
1	alienate the mainstream audience
2	the mainstream audience
2	mainstream audience
1	while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
2	ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
1	cliched to hardened indie-heads
2	to hardened indie-heads
1	hardened indie-heads
1	A jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages .
1	A jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game
2	A jumbled fantasy comedy
2	jumbled fantasy comedy
2	fantasy comedy
1	that did not figure out a coherent game
1	did not figure out a coherent game
2	did not
2	figure out a coherent game
2	figure out
2	a coherent game
2	coherent game
2	plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages .
2	plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages
2	at scripting , shooting or post-production stages
2	scripting , shooting or post-production stages
2	, shooting or post-production stages
2	shooting or post-production stages
2	or post-production stages
2	post-production stages
1	A sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .
1	A sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title
1	A sad and rote exercise
1	sad and rote exercise
2	and rote exercise
2	rote exercise
1	in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title
0	milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title
0	a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title
1	a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag --
1	a played-out idea
1	played-out idea
1	-- a straight guy has to dress up in drag --
2	a straight guy has to dress up in drag --
2	a straight guy has to dress up in drag
2	a straight guy
2	straight guy
2	has to dress up in drag
2	to dress up in drag
1	dress up in drag
2	dress up
2	in drag
1	that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title
1	shockingly manages to be even worse than its title
0	manages to be even worse than its title
0	to be even worse than its title
0	be even worse than its title
0	even worse than its title
1	even worse
2	than its title
2	its title
2	would imply .
2	would imply
2	Personal Velocity ought to be exploring these women 's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces .
2	Personal Velocity ought to be exploring these women 's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces
2	Personal Velocity ought to be exploring these women 's inner lives , but
2	Personal Velocity ought to be exploring these women 's inner lives ,
2	Personal Velocity ought to be exploring these women 's inner lives
3	Personal Velocity
2	ought to be exploring these women 's inner lives
2	to be exploring these women 's inner lives
2	be exploring these women 's inner lives
2	exploring these women 's inner lives
2	these women 's inner lives
3	these women 's
2	women 's
2	inner lives
1	it never moves beyond their surfaces
2	never moves beyond their surfaces
2	moves beyond their surfaces
2	beyond their surfaces
2	their surfaces
1	We hate -LRB- Madonna -RRB- within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground .
0	We hate -LRB- Madonna -RRB- within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground
0	We hate -LRB- Madonna -RRB- within the film 's first five minutes , and
0	We hate -LRB- Madonna -RRB- within the film 's first five minutes ,
0	We hate -LRB- Madonna -RRB- within the film 's first five minutes
1	hate -LRB- Madonna -RRB- within the film 's first five minutes
2	-LRB- Madonna -RRB- within the film 's first five minutes
2	-LRB- Madonna -RRB-
2	Madonna -RRB-
2	within the film 's first five minutes
2	the film 's first five minutes
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	first five minutes
2	five minutes
1	she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground
1	lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground
1	lacks the skill or presence
2	the skill or presence
2	skill or presence
2	skill or
2	to regain any ground
2	regain any ground
2	any ground
1	Sounding like Arnold Schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , -LRB- Ahola -RRB- has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .
2	Sounding like Arnold Schwarzenegger , with a physique to match
2	Sounding like Arnold Schwarzenegger ,
2	Sounding like Arnold Schwarzenegger
3	like Arnold Schwarzenegger
1	Arnold Schwarzenegger
2	with a physique to match
3	a physique to match
2	physique to match
2	to match
1	, -LRB- Ahola -RRB- has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .
1	-LRB- Ahola -RRB- has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .
2	-LRB- Ahola -RRB-
1	Ahola -RRB-
1	has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .
1	has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation
1	has a wooden delivery and
2	has a wooden delivery
1	a wooden delivery
1	wooden delivery
1	encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation
1	a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation
2	a substantial arc of change
2	a substantial arc
2	substantial arc
2	of change
2	that does n't produce any real transformation
2	does n't produce any real transformation
1	does n't
2	produce any real transformation
2	any real transformation
2	real transformation
1	Two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .
2	Two big things
2	big things
0	are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .
1	are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all
1	are missing --
2	are missing
2	anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all
2	anything approaching a visceral kick , and
2	anything approaching a visceral kick ,
2	anything approaching a visceral kick
2	approaching a visceral kick
2	a visceral kick
2	visceral kick
0	anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all
1	approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all
2	approaching even a vague reason
2	even a vague reason
2	a vague reason
2	vague reason
2	to sit through it all
3	sit through it all
2	through it all
2	through it
2	A fascinating but choppy documentary .
3	A fascinating but choppy documentary
3	fascinating but choppy documentary
2	fascinating but choppy
2	fascinating but
0	Scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .
0	Scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
0	Scarcely worth a mention
0	Scarcely worth
2	a mention
0	apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
1	from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
1	reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
0	on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
1	the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
2	the number
0	of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
0	tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
2	blowing through the empty theatres
2	through the empty theatres
1	the empty theatres
1	empty theatres
2	graced with its company .
2	graced with its company
2	with its company
2	its company
2	The doofus-on - the-loose banter of Welcome to Collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it .
2	The doofus-on
2	- the-loose banter of Welcome to Collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it .
3	the-loose banter of Welcome to Collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it .
3	the-loose banter of Welcome to Collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it
2	the-loose banter of Welcome to Collinwood
2	the-loose banter
2	of Welcome to Collinwood
2	Welcome to Collinwood
2	to Collinwood
2	has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it
2	a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it
1	a cocky , after-hours loopiness
2	cocky , after-hours loopiness
2	, after-hours loopiness
2	after-hours loopiness
2	to it
1	And as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
0	as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
2	as with most late-night bull sessions
2	with most late-night bull sessions
1	most late-night bull sessions
2	late-night bull sessions
1	bull sessions
1	, eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
1	eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
1	the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
2	the content
1	is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
2	is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is
1	is n't
3	nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is
2	as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is
3	captivating as the rowdy participants think it is
2	as the rowdy participants think it is
2	the rowdy participants think it is
2	the rowdy participants
3	rowdy participants
2	think it is
3	it is
1	Too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good .
0	Too stagey , talky
1	Too stagey ,
1	Too stagey
2	-- and long -- for its own good .
1	-- and long -- for its own good
2	-- and long --
2	-- and long
2	-- and
2	for its own good
3	its own good
2	own good
1	Apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .
1	Apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap
1	reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap
1	from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap
1	the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap
2	the cutting-room floor
2	cutting-room floor
2	of any given daytime soap
2	any given daytime soap
2	given daytime soap
2	daytime soap
0	The sinister inspiration that fuelled DeVito 's early work is confused in Death to Smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
2	The sinister inspiration that fuelled DeVito 's early work
2	The sinister inspiration
3	sinister inspiration
2	that fuelled DeVito 's early work
3	fuelled DeVito 's early work
2	DeVito 's early work
2	DeVito 's
3	early work
1	is confused in Death to Smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
0	is confused in Death to Smoochy into something both ugly and mindless
2	confused in Death to Smoochy into something both ugly and mindless
1	confused in Death to Smoochy
2	confused in Death
2	in Death
2	to Smoochy
2	into something both ugly and mindless
1	something both ugly and mindless
1	both ugly and mindless
0	ugly and mindless
1	ugly and
1	Despite Auteuil 's performance , it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
1	Despite Auteuil 's performance
2	Auteuil 's performance
2	Auteuil 's
1	, it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
1	it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
0	's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
1	's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
1	's a rather listless amble down
1	a rather listless amble down
1	a rather listless amble
1	rather listless amble
2	rather listless
1	the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
2	the middle
1	of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
1	the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
2	the road ,
2	the road
1	where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
1	the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
2	the thematic ironies are too obvious and
1	the thematic ironies are too obvious
2	the thematic ironies
2	thematic ironies
1	are too obvious
2	too obvious
1	the sexual politics too smug
2	the sexual politics
2	sexual politics
1	too smug
2	Director Boris von Sychowski instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .
2	Director Boris von Sychowski
2	Boris von Sychowski
2	von Sychowski
0	instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .
1	opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .
1	opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through
1	for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through
0	a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through
2	a routine slasher film
2	routine slasher film
1	slasher film
1	that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through
1	was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through
2	was probably
1	more fun to make than it is to sit through
1	fun to make than it is to sit through
2	to make than it is to sit through
2	make than it is to sit through
1	than it is to sit through
2	it is to sit through
2	is to sit through
2	to sit through
2	sit through
2	... little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen .
1	little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen .
1	little more than a well-acted television melodrama
2	little more
2	than a well-acted television melodrama
3	a well-acted television melodrama
3	well-acted television melodrama
2	television melodrama
2	shot for the big screen .
2	shot for the big screen
2	for the big screen
2	the big screen
2	big screen
1	Never comes together as a coherent whole .
3	comes together as a coherent whole .
3	comes together as a coherent whole
3	comes together
2	as a coherent whole
3	a coherent whole
2	coherent whole
1	An unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a VH1 Behind the Music episode .
1	An unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a VH1 Behind the Music episode
2	An unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ...
2	An unintentionally surreal kid 's picture
2	An unintentionally
2	surreal kid 's picture
2	surreal kid 's
2	kid 's
2	in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a VH1 Behind the Music episode
2	in which
1	actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a VH1 Behind the Music episode
1	actors in bad bear suits
2	in bad bear suits
1	bad bear suits
2	bear suits
1	enact a sort of inter-species parody of a VH1 Behind the Music episode
1	a sort of inter-species parody of a VH1 Behind the Music episode
2	a sort
2	of inter-species parody of a VH1 Behind the Music episode
2	inter-species parody of a VH1 Behind the Music episode
2	inter-species parody
2	of a VH1 Behind the Music episode
2	a VH1 Behind the Music episode
2	a VH1
2	Behind the Music episode
2	the Music episode
2	Music episode
1	First , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
1	, for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
0	for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
1	for a movie that tries to be smart
2	a movie that tries to be smart
2	a movie
1	that tries to be smart
1	tries to be smart
2	to be smart
2	be smart
1	, it 's kinda dumb .
1	it 's kinda dumb .
1	's kinda dumb .
1	's kinda dumb
1	kinda dumb
1	And second , what 's with all the shooting ?
1	second , what 's with all the shooting ?
2	second , what 's with all the shooting
2	second ,
1	what 's with all the shooting
2	's with all the shooting
2	with all the shooting
2	all the shooting
2	the shooting
0	Do n't even bother to rent this on video .
0	Do n't even bother to rent this on video
1	Do n't
1	even bother to rent this on video
1	bother to rent this on video
2	to rent this on video
3	rent this on video
2	this on video
2	on video
1	There is something in Full Frontal , I guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see .
2	There is something in Full Frontal , I guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see
1	There is something in Full Frontal , I guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but
2	There is something in Full Frontal , I guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them ,
2	There is something in Full Frontal , I guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them
2	is something in Full Frontal , I guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them
2	is something in Full Frontal ,
2	is something in Full Frontal
2	something in Full Frontal
2	in Full Frontal
2	Full Frontal
2	I guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them
2	I guess , about artifice and acting and
2	I guess , about artifice and acting
2	guess , about artifice and acting
2	guess ,
2	about artifice and acting
2	artifice and acting
2	artifice and
2	how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them
2	it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them
1	distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them
2	distorts reality
3	for people who make movies and watch them
2	people who make movies and watch them
2	who make movies and watch them
2	make movies and watch them
2	make movies and
2	make movies
2	watch them
2	like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see
2	like most movie riddles
2	most movie riddles
2	movie riddles
2	, it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see
2	it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see
2	works only if you have an interest in the characters you see
2	only if you have an interest in the characters you see
2	if you have an interest in the characters you see
3	you have an interest in the characters you see
3	have an interest in the characters you see
2	an interest in the characters you see
3	an interest
3	in the characters you see
2	the characters you see
2	the characters
2	you see
0	This is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in September .
1	is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in September .
1	is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in September
2	the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in September
2	the kind of movie
2	the kind
2	of movie
1	that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in September
2	gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in September
2	gets a quick release
2	a quick release
2	quick release
2	before real contenders arrive in September
2	real contenders arrive in September
3	real contenders
2	arrive in September
2	in September
0	Not counting a few gross-out comedies I 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
0	Not counting a few gross-out comedies I 've been trying to forget
1	counting a few gross-out comedies I 've been trying to forget
1	a few gross-out comedies I 've been trying to forget
2	a few gross-out comedies
2	few gross-out comedies
2	gross-out comedies
2	I 've been trying to forget
1	've been trying to forget
1	been trying to forget
1	trying to forget
2	to forget
0	, this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
0	this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
1	is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
0	is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
1	the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
2	the first film
2	first film
0	in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
0	a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
2	a long time
2	long time
1	that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
0	made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
0	me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
0	want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
1	to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
0	bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
3	the theater in the first 10 minutes
2	the theater
2	in the first 10 minutes
2	the first 10 minutes
2	first 10 minutes
2	10 minutes
1	Plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than a fully developed story .
2	like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than a fully developed story .
1	like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than a fully developed story
2	like one long ,
1	like one long
2	like one
1	meandering sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than a fully developed story
1	sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than a fully developed story
2	sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than
2	sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz ,
2	sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz
2	inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz
2	by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz
2	the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz
2	the works
2	of John Waters and Todd Solondz
2	John Waters and Todd Solondz
2	John Waters and
2	John Waters
2	Todd Solondz
2	rather than
3	a fully developed story
3	fully developed story
2	fully developed
0	The film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
0	The film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
0	The film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and
1	The film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers ,
1	The film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers
2	The film
1	does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers
1	does n't
2	have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers
2	have enough innovation or pizazz
3	enough innovation or pizazz
2	innovation or pizazz
2	innovation or
2	to attract teenagers
2	attract teenagers
1	it lacks the novel charm that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
1	lacks the novel charm that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
3	the novel charm that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
3	the novel charm
3	novel charm
3	that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
3	made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
4	Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
2	Spy Kids
3	a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
4	a surprising winner
3	surprising winner
2	with both adults and younger audiences
2	both adults and younger audiences
2	both adults and
2	both adults
2	younger audiences
1	A mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .
0	A mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being
1	A mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither
1	A mawkish self-parody
1	mawkish self-parody
1	that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither
1	plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither
2	like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither
1	some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither
2	some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch
2	weird Masterpiece Theater sketch
2	Masterpiece Theater sketch
2	Theater sketch
2	with neither
2	a point of view nor a compelling reason for being
2	a point of view nor
2	a point of view
2	a point
2	of view
2	a compelling reason for being
2	a compelling reason
2	compelling reason
2	for being
1	An average B-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .
1	An average B-movie with no aspirations to be anything more
1	An average B-movie with no aspirations
1	An average B-movie
2	average B-movie
1	with no aspirations
1	no aspirations
2	to be anything more
2	be anything more
2	anything more
2	Bartlett 's hero remains a reactive cipher , when opening the man 's head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made .
2	Bartlett 's hero
2	Bartlett 's
2	remains a reactive cipher , when opening the man 's head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made .
1	remains a reactive cipher , when opening the man 's head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made
2	a reactive cipher , when opening the man 's head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made
2	a reactive cipher ,
2	a reactive cipher
2	reactive cipher
2	when opening the man 's head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made
1	opening the man 's head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made
2	opening the man 's head and heart
2	the man 's head and heart
2	the man 's
2	man 's
3	head and heart
2	head and
2	is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made
1	the only imaginable reason for the film to be made
2	the only imaginable reason
2	only imaginable reason
2	only imaginable
2	for the film to be made
2	the film to be made
2	film to be made
2	to be made
2	be made
2	Gibney and Jarecki just want to string the bastard up .
2	Gibney and Jarecki
2	Gibney and
2	just want to string the bastard up .
0	want to string the bastard up .
1	want to string the bastard up
2	to string the bastard up
0	string the bastard up
1	string the bastard
1	the bastard
1	The plot is plastered with one Hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .
2	The plot
1	is plastered with one Hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .
0	is plastered with one Hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults
0	plastered with one Hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults
1	plastered with one Hollywood cliche
2	with one Hollywood cliche
1	one Hollywood cliche
2	Hollywood cliche
1	after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults
1	another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults
2	another ,
2	most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults
2	most of which
2	of which
2	involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults
2	precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults
2	precocious kids
1	getting the better of obnoxious adults
1	the better of obnoxious adults
2	the better
2	of obnoxious adults
1	obnoxious adults
2	Less worrying about covering all the drama in Frida 's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie .
1	Less worrying about covering all the drama in Frida 's life and more time
2	Less worrying about covering all the drama in Frida 's life and more
2	Less worrying about covering all the drama in Frida 's life and
2	Less worrying about covering all the drama in Frida 's life
3	worrying about covering all the drama in Frida 's life
2	about covering all the drama in Frida 's life
2	covering all the drama in Frida 's life
3	covering all the drama
2	all the drama
2	the drama
2	in Frida 's life
2	Frida 's life
2	Frida 's
3	spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie .
2	spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie
1	exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie
2	exploring her process of turning pain into art
2	her process of turning pain into art
2	her process
2	of turning pain into art
2	turning pain into art
2	turning pain
2	into art
1	would have made this a superior movie
3	have made this a superior movie
4	made this a superior movie
4	this a superior movie
4	a superior movie
3	superior movie
1	A film that suffers because of its many excesses .
1	film that suffers because of its many excesses .
1	film that suffers because of its many excesses
1	that suffers because of its many excesses
0	suffers because of its many excesses
2	because of its many excesses
2	of its many excesses
1	its many excesses
1	many excesses
1	Too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .
2	Too bland and fustily tasteful
0	Too bland and
2	Too bland
3	fustily tasteful
2	to be truly prurient .
1	to be truly prurient
2	be truly prurient
2	truly prurient
1	In any case , I would recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris .
2	In any case
2	any case
2	, I would recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris .
1	I would recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris .
1	would recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris .
1	would recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris
2	recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris
3	recommend Big Bad Love only
3	recommend Big Bad Love
3	Big Bad Love
3	Bad Love
3	to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris
2	Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris
2	Winger fans
2	who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris
2	have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris
2	missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris
2	missed her
2	since 1995 's Forget Paris
3	1995 's Forget Paris
2	1995 's
2	Forget Paris
1	But even then , I 'd recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes .
1	even then , I 'd recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes .
2	even then
1	, I 'd recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes .
1	I 'd recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes .
2	'd recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes .
2	'd recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes
1	recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes
1	waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes
2	waiting for DVD and just
2	waiting for DVD and
2	waiting for DVD
2	for DVD
2	skipping straight to her scenes
2	skipping straight
2	to her scenes
2	her scenes
0	Depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being .
2	Depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then
1	the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then
1	the sorriest and most
1	the sorriest and
1	the sorriest
2	sordid of human behavior on the screen , then
1	sordid of human behavior on the screen ,
0	sordid of human behavior on the screen
2	of human behavior on the screen
2	human behavior on the screen
2	human behavior
2	on the screen
2	the screen
3	laughs at how clever it 's being .
2	laughs at how clever it 's being
3	at how clever it 's being
2	how clever it 's being
3	how clever
2	it 's being
2	's being
1	Nijinsky says , ' I know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
2	Nijinsky says
0	, ' I know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
1	' I know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
0	I know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
1	know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
1	know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too
0	how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too
2	how to suffer ' and
1	how to suffer '
1	to suffer '
1	suffer '
2	if you see this film you 'll know too
3	you see this film you 'll know too
2	see this film you 'll know too
2	this film you 'll know too
2	this film
2	you 'll know too
2	'll know too
2	know too
1	` CQ may one day be fondly remembered as Roman Coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
2	` CQ
2	may one day be fondly remembered as Roman Coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
2	may one day
2	one day
2	be fondly remembered as Roman Coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
1	fondly remembered as Roman Coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
2	remembered as Roman Coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
2	remembered as Roman Coppola 's brief pretentious period
1	as Roman Coppola 's brief pretentious period
1	Roman Coppola 's brief pretentious period
2	Roman Coppola 's
2	Coppola 's
1	brief pretentious period
2	pretentious period
0	before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
1	going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
2	going on
2	to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
2	other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
2	other films
2	that actually tell a story worth caring about
2	actually tell a story worth caring about
2	tell a story worth caring about
3	a story worth caring about
2	a story worth
2	story worth
2	caring about
0	The only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
1	The only thing scary about feardotcom
2	The only thing
2	only thing
2	scary about feardotcom
2	about feardotcom
2	is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
0	is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
1	that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
0	the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
2	the filmmakers and studio
2	filmmakers and studio
2	filmmakers and
0	are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
1	brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
2	brazen enough
0	to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
0	attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
1	to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
1	pass this stinker off as a scary movie
0	pass this stinker off
1	pass this stinker
0	this stinker
2	as a scary movie
2	a scary movie
2	scary movie
1	... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
1	the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
2	the story
1	simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
1	putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
1	putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank
1	along looking for astute observations and coming up blank
1	looking for astute observations and coming up blank
2	looking for astute observations and
2	looking for astute observations
2	for astute observations
2	astute observations
2	coming up blank
2	coming up
1	Instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
2	Instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless
2	of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless
2	of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major
1	contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major
2	a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major
2	a climactic hero 's death
3	a climactic hero 's
2	climactic hero 's
2	hero 's
2	for the beloved-major
2	the beloved-major
2	- character-who-shall - remain-nameless
1	character-who-shall - remain-nameless
2	character-who-shall -
1	, why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
1	why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
1	not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
1	invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
1	invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once
3	invite some genuine spontaneity into the film
2	invite some genuine spontaneity
3	some genuine spontaneity
3	genuine spontaneity
2	into the film
2	the film
1	by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once
2	having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once
2	the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once
2	the evil aliens ' laser guns
2	the evil aliens '
2	evil aliens '
2	aliens '
2	laser guns
2	actually hit something for once
2	hit something for once
2	something for once
3	for once
0	It just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on -LRB- or be entertained by -RRB- .
1	It just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on -LRB- or be entertained by -RRB-
2	It just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on
1	just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on
1	did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on
1	did n't mean much to me and
1	did n't mean much to me
2	did n't
2	mean much to me
2	much to me
2	to me
2	played too skewed to ever get a hold on
1	too skewed to ever get a hold on
1	skewed to ever get a hold on
2	to ever get a hold on
2	ever get a hold on
2	get a hold on
2	get a hold
2	a hold
2	-LRB- or be entertained by -RRB-
2	-LRB- or be entertained by
2	-LRB- or
3	be entertained by
3	entertained by
1	This action-thriller\/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .
2	This action-thriller\/dark comedy
2	action-thriller\/dark comedy
1	is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .
0	is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage
0	one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage
1	one of the most repellent things
1	of the most repellent things
2	the most repellent things
1	most repellent things
0	most repellent
1	to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage
0	pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage
2	pop up
1	in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage
1	a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage
2	a cinematic year
2	cinematic year
1	already littered with celluloid garbage
1	littered with celluloid garbage
0	with celluloid garbage
0	celluloid garbage
0	MIB II is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
2	MIB II
1	is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
0	is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
0	a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
2	a movie
1	that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
1	makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
0	it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
1	possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
0	for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
0	the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
0	viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
0	to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
1	doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
1	doze off for a few minutes or
1	doze off for a few minutes
1	doze off
2	for a few minutes
2	a few minutes
2	few minutes
2	make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
1	make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not
1	make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and
0	make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom
2	make several runs
2	several runs
1	to the concession stand and\/or restroom
2	the concession stand and\/or restroom
1	concession stand and\/or restroom
2	stand and\/or restroom
2	and\/or restroom
2	feel as if he or she has missed anything
1	as if he or she has missed anything
2	if he or she has missed anything
2	he or she has missed anything
2	he or she
2	he or
2	has missed anything
2	missed anything
1	That 's because relatively nothing happens .
0	's because relatively nothing happens .
1	's because relatively nothing happens
1	because relatively nothing happens
0	relatively nothing happens
1	relatively nothing
0	No amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are ` German-Expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable .
2	No amount of arty theorizing
2	No amount
2	of arty theorizing
2	arty theorizing
2	-- the special effects are ` German-Expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable .
2	-- the special effects are ` German-Expressionist , ' according to the press notes --
2	the special effects are ` German-Expressionist , ' according to the press notes --
1	the special effects are ` German-Expressionist , ' according to the press notes
2	the special effects
2	special effects
2	are ` German-Expressionist , ' according to the press notes
2	` German-Expressionist , ' according to the press notes
2	German-Expressionist , ' according to the press notes
2	German-Expressionist , '
2	German-Expressionist ,
2	according to the press notes
2	to the press notes
2	the press notes
2	press notes
1	can render it anything but laughable .
1	can render it anything but laughable
0	render it anything but laughable
2	render it
0	anything but laughable
2	anything but
1	Blue Crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .
2	Blue Crush
1	follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .
1	follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling
2	follows the formula , but
1	follows the formula ,
2	follows the formula
2	the formula
1	throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling
2	throws in too many conflicts
1	in too many conflicts
1	too many conflicts
1	too many
2	to keep the story compelling
3	keep the story compelling
3	the story compelling
2	the story
1	Boyd 's screenplay -LRB- co-written with Guardian hack Nick Davies -RRB- has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to Guy Ritchie than the Bard of Avon .
2	Boyd 's screenplay -LRB- co-written with Guardian hack Nick Davies -RRB-
2	Boyd 's screenplay
2	Boyd 's
2	-LRB- co-written with Guardian hack Nick Davies -RRB-
2	co-written with Guardian hack Nick Davies -RRB-
2	co-written with Guardian hack Nick Davies
1	with Guardian hack Nick Davies
2	Guardian hack Nick Davies
1	hack Nick Davies
2	Nick Davies
2	has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to Guy Ritchie than the Bard of Avon .
1	has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to Guy Ritchie than the Bard of Avon
2	a florid turn of phrase that owes more to Guy Ritchie than the Bard of Avon
2	a florid turn of phrase
1	a florid turn
2	florid turn
2	of phrase
2	that owes more to Guy Ritchie than the Bard of Avon
2	owes more to Guy Ritchie than the Bard of Avon
2	owes more to Guy Ritchie
2	more to Guy Ritchie
2	to Guy Ritchie
2	Guy Ritchie
2	than the Bard of Avon
2	the Bard of Avon
2	the Bard
2	of Avon
1	There 's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
1	's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
1	's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination
2	's not
1	a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination
3	a spark of new inspiration in it ,
3	a spark of new inspiration in it
2	a spark
3	of new inspiration in it
3	new inspiration in it
3	new inspiration
2	in it
1	just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination
1	just more of the same ,
1	just more of the same
2	just more
2	of the same
2	the same
1	done with noticeably less energy and imagination
2	with noticeably less energy and imagination
1	noticeably less energy and imagination
1	noticeably less
3	energy and imagination
2	energy and
1	Jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
1	shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
1	strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
1	strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder
1	strolls through this mess with a smug grin ,
2	strolls through this mess with a smug grin
2	strolls through this mess
0	through this mess
1	this mess
2	with a smug grin
2	a smug grin
1	smug grin
2	inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder
2	wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder
2	wearing a kilt and
2	wearing a kilt
1	a kilt
2	carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder
2	a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder
2	a bag
2	of golf clubs over one shoulder
2	golf clubs over one shoulder
2	golf clubs
2	over one shoulder
2	one shoulder
1	A moving picture that does not move .
2	A moving
1	picture that does not move .
1	picture that does not move
1	that does not move
2	does not move
2	does not
2	Ruh-roh !
1	Romething 's really wrong with this ricture !
1	's really wrong with this ricture !
1	's really wrong with this ricture
1	really wrong with this ricture
1	wrong with this ricture
2	with this ricture
2	this ricture
1	Its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary .
2	Its salient points
3	salient points
1	are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary .
0	are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary
2	are simultaneously
0	buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary
1	buried , drowned and
1	buried , drowned
2	buried ,
1	smothered in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary
1	in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary
1	the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary
2	the excesses
2	of writer-director Roger Avary
2	writer-director Roger Avary
2	Roger Avary
0	I 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : This erotic cannibal movie is boring .
0	I 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : This erotic cannibal movie is boring
1	I 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence :
2	I 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence
1	'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence
3	'm not
2	sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence
2	these words have ever been together in the same sentence
2	these words
2	have ever been together in the same sentence
2	have ever
2	been together in the same sentence
2	been together
2	in the same sentence
2	the same sentence
2	same sentence
1	This erotic cannibal movie is boring
2	This erotic cannibal movie
2	erotic cannibal movie
2	cannibal movie
0	is boring
1	` God help us , but Capra and Cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
0	God help us , but Capra and Cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
0	God help us , but Capra and Cooper are rolling over in their graves .
0	God help us , but Capra and Cooper are rolling over in their graves
2	God help us , but
2	God help us ,
1	God help us
2	help us
1	Capra and Cooper are rolling over in their graves
2	Capra and Cooper
2	Capra and
0	are rolling over in their graves
0	rolling over in their graves
1	rolling over
2	in their graves
2	their graves
0	... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
0	an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
2	an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive
2	an hour-and-a-half
2	of inoffensive
0	, unmemorable filler .
1	unmemorable filler .
1	unmemorable filler
1	Is it a comedy ?
2	Is it a comedy
2	Is it
2	a comedy
2	A drama ?
2	drama ?
2	A romance ?
2	romance ?
1	A cartoon ?
2	cartoon ?
2	Ze movie starts out so funny , then she is nothing .
1	Ze movie starts out so funny , then she is nothing
2	Ze movie starts out so funny , then
3	Ze movie starts out so funny ,
3	Ze movie starts out so funny
2	Ze movie
2	starts out so funny
2	out so funny
4	so funny
2	she is nothing
2	is nothing
2	Did the film inform and educate me ?
2	Did the film inform and educate me
2	Did the film
2	the film
3	inform and educate me
2	inform and educate
2	inform and
3	Yes .
2	Did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 Armenia ?
2	Did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 Armenia
2	Did it
3	move me to care about what happened in 1915 Armenia
2	me to care about what happened in 1915 Armenia
2	to care about what happened in 1915 Armenia
2	care about what happened in 1915 Armenia
2	about what happened in 1915 Armenia
2	what happened in 1915 Armenia
2	happened in 1915 Armenia
2	in 1915 Armenia
2	1915 Armenia
1	No. .
1	And that is where Ararat went astray .
1	that is where Ararat went astray .
1	is where Ararat went astray .
2	is where Ararat went astray
2	where Ararat went astray
2	Ararat went astray
1	went astray
1	It 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .
0	's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .
0	's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit
1	a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit
1	a bad sign
1	bad sign
2	in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit
2	a thriller when you instantly know whodunit
3	a thriller
1	when you instantly know whodunit
1	you instantly know whodunit
1	instantly know whodunit
2	know whodunit
1	Has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness .
2	Has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness
2	Has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam
2	a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam
3	a customarily jovial air
2	customarily jovial air
4	jovial air
2	but a deficit of flim-flam
1	a deficit of flim-flam
1	a deficit
2	of flim-flam
1	Eight Legged Freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...
2	Eight Legged Freaks
1	Legged Freaks
1	wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...
1	wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love
2	wo n't
3	join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love
3	join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks
3	the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks
2	the pantheon
3	of great monster\/science fiction flicks
3	great monster\/science fiction flicks
3	monster\/science fiction flicks
2	fiction flicks
3	that we have come to love
3	we have come to love
2	have come to love
3	come to love
2	to love
1	It gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .
2	It gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions
2	It gets the details of its time frame right but
3	It gets the details of its time frame right
2	gets the details of its time frame right
2	the details of its time frame right
2	the details
2	of its time frame right
2	its time frame right
3	time frame right
2	frame right
2	it completely misses its emotions
0	completely misses its emotions
1	misses its emotions
2	its emotions
1	Who , exactly , is fighting whom here ?
1	Who , exactly , is fighting whom here
2	, exactly , is fighting whom here
2	exactly , is fighting whom here
2	, is fighting whom here
2	is fighting whom here
2	fighting whom here
2	fighting whom
0	Ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
2	Ah , yes
2	Ah ,
1	, that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
0	that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
0	would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
1	would be me : fighting off the urge to doze
0	be me : fighting off the urge to doze
2	be me :
2	be me
1	fighting off the urge to doze
2	fighting off
1	the urge to doze
1	urge to doze
2	to doze
1	A kilted Jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces .
2	A kilted Jackson
2	kilted Jackson
2	is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces .
1	is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces
1	an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces
1	an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character ,
1	an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character
1	an unsettling sight , and
1	an unsettling sight ,
1	an unsettling sight
2	unsettling sight
2	indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character
2	indicative of his , if you will ,
2	of his , if you will ,
2	his , if you will ,
2	his , if you will
2	his ,
2	if you will
2	you will
1	out-of-kilter character
0	who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces
1	rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces
1	rambles aimlessly
1	through ill-conceived action pieces
1	ill-conceived action pieces
2	action pieces
0	Contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
0	Contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs
1	Contrived , awkward and
1	Contrived , awkward
2	Contrived ,
2	filled with unintended laughs
2	with unintended laughs
2	unintended laughs
1	, the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
1	the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
2	the film
2	shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
2	shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster
2	shows signs
1	that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster
1	someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster
1	someone other than the director
2	someone other
2	than the director
2	the director
2	got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster
2	got into the editing room and
2	got into the editing room
2	into the editing room
2	the editing room
2	editing room
2	tried to improve things by making the movie go faster
2	to improve things by making the movie go faster
2	improve things by making the movie go faster
2	improve things
2	by making the movie go faster
2	making the movie go faster
2	the movie go faster
2	the movie
2	go faster
1	Starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .
0	Starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
3	Starts out with tremendous promise ,
2	Starts out with tremendous promise
2	Starts out
3	with tremendous promise
4	tremendous promise
1	introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
2	introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only
4	introducing an intriguing and alluring premise ,
4	introducing an intriguing and alluring premise
4	an intriguing and alluring premise
3	intriguing and alluring premise
4	intriguing and alluring
3	intriguing and
1	to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
1	fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
2	fall prey
0	to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
1	a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
2	a boatload
1	of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
0	screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
0	cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
1	that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
1	sink it faster than a leaky freighter
2	sink it faster
1	sink it
1	than a leaky freighter
2	a leaky freighter
2	leaky freighter
1	The film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .
1	The film lapses
1	film lapses
0	too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .
1	too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises
1	too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell
2	too often
1	into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell
1	sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell
1	sugary sentiment and withholds delivery
1	sentiment and withholds delivery
1	and withholds delivery
2	withholds delivery
2	on the pell-mell
2	the pell-mell
3	pyrotechnics its punchy style promises
3	its punchy style promises
2	punchy style promises
2	style promises
1	The only question ... is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering .
2	The only question
2	only question
2	... is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering .
2	is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering .
2	is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering
2	to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering
1	determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering
1	how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering
2	how well the schmaltz is manufactured
2	how well
1	the schmaltz is manufactured
2	the schmaltz
2	is manufactured
2	-- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering
2	to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering
2	assess the quality of the manipulative engineering
2	the quality of the manipulative engineering
2	the quality
2	of the manipulative engineering
2	the manipulative engineering
2	manipulative engineering
1	Average , at best , I 'm afraid .
2	, at best , I 'm afraid .
1	at best , I 'm afraid .
2	at best
2	, I 'm afraid .
2	I 'm afraid .
1	'm afraid .
2	'm afraid
1	This movie is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad .
2	This movie
0	is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad .
0	is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad
1	is so bad ,
0	is so bad
1	so bad
1	that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad
1	it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad
1	's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad
2	's almost worth
2	almost worth
0	seeing because it 's so bad
0	because it 's so bad
1	it 's so bad
1	's so bad
1	so bad
2	A crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing .
2	A crisply
1	made movie that is no more than mildly amusing .
2	made movie that is no more than mildly amusing
2	movie that is no more than mildly amusing
2	that is no more than mildly amusing
2	is no more than mildly amusing
2	is no more than
2	no more than
2	more than
3	mildly amusing
0	This movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
2	This movie
1	feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
0	feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment
2	feel more like a non-stop cry for attention ,
1	feel more like a non-stop cry for attention
2	feel more
1	like a non-stop cry for attention
1	a non-stop cry for attention
2	a non-stop cry
2	non-stop cry
2	for attention
2	than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment
2	an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment
2	an attempt
2	at any kind of satisfying entertainment
2	any kind of satisfying entertainment
2	any kind
3	of satisfying entertainment
3	satisfying entertainment
2	Overall , it 's a pretty mediocre family film .
1	, it 's a pretty mediocre family film .
1	it 's a pretty mediocre family film .
1	's a pretty mediocre family film .
1	's a pretty mediocre family film
1	a pretty mediocre family film
2	pretty mediocre family film
1	pretty mediocre
2	family film
1	Love may have been in the air onscreen , but I certainly was n't feeling any of it .
1	Love may have been in the air onscreen , but I certainly was n't feeling any of it
2	Love may have been in the air onscreen , but
2	Love may have been in the air onscreen ,
2	Love may have been in the air onscreen
2	may have been in the air onscreen
2	have been in the air onscreen
2	been in the air onscreen
2	in the air onscreen
2	the air onscreen
2	air onscreen
1	I certainly was n't feeling any of it
1	certainly was n't feeling any of it
1	was n't feeling any of it
2	was n't
2	feeling any of it
2	any of it
2	of it
0	In addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
1	In addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row
1	addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row
0	to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row
0	the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row
1	the overcooked , ham-fisted direction ,
1	the overcooked , ham-fisted direction
1	overcooked , ham-fisted direction
2	, ham-fisted direction
2	ham-fisted direction
2	which has all the actors reaching for the back row
1	has all the actors reaching for the back row
2	all the actors reaching for the back row
2	all the actors
2	the actors
2	reaching for the back row
2	for the back row
2	the back row
2	back row
0	, the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
0	the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
2	the dialogue
0	sounds like horrible poetry .
1	sounds like horrible poetry
1	like horrible poetry
1	horrible poetry
1	The very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . ''
0	The very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure .
1	The very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure
2	The very definition
2	very definition
0	of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure
0	what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure
1	critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure
1	have come to term an `` ambitious failure
0	come to term an `` ambitious failure
0	to term an `` ambitious failure
0	term an `` ambitious failure
0	an `` ambitious failure
1	`` ambitious failure
1	ambitious failure
0	It 's as if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese .
1	's as if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese .
1	's as if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese
1	as if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese
1	if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese
2	De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese
2	De Palma
1	spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese
2	spent an hour setting a fancy table and then
2	spent an hour setting a fancy table and
2	spent an hour setting a fancy table
2	spent an hour
2	an hour
2	setting a fancy table
2	a fancy table
2	fancy table
2	served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese
2	served up
2	Kraft Macaroni and Cheese
1	Macaroni and Cheese
2	Macaroni and
1	The movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .
2	The movie
1	ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .
1	ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie
1	with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie
1	outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie
1	outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and
1	outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines
1	in which most of the characters forget their lines
2	in which
0	most of the characters forget their lines
2	most of the characters
2	of the characters
2	the characters
2	forget their lines
2	their lines
1	just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie
1	just utter ` uhhh , '
2	just utter ` uhhh ,
2	just utter ` uhhh
2	utter ` uhhh
2	` uhhh
2	which is better than most of the writing in the movie
1	is better than most of the writing in the movie
2	better than most of the writing in the movie
2	than most of the writing in the movie
2	most of the writing in the movie
2	of the writing in the movie
2	the writing in the movie
2	the writing
2	in the movie
2	the movie
1	Worthy of the gong .
2	Worthy of the gong
2	of the gong
2	the gong
1	While certainly more naturalistic than its Australian counterpart , Amari 's film falls short in building the drama of Lilia 's journey .
2	While certainly more naturalistic than its Australian counterpart
2	certainly more naturalistic than its Australian counterpart
2	more naturalistic than its Australian counterpart
2	naturalistic than its Australian counterpart
2	than its Australian counterpart
2	its Australian counterpart
2	Australian counterpart
0	, Amari 's film falls short in building the drama of Lilia 's journey .
2	Amari 's film falls short in building the drama of Lilia 's journey .
2	Amari 's film
2	Amari 's
1	falls short in building the drama of Lilia 's journey .
1	falls short in building the drama of Lilia 's journey
2	short in building the drama of Lilia 's journey
2	in building the drama of Lilia 's journey
2	building the drama of Lilia 's journey
2	the drama of Lilia 's journey
2	the drama
2	of Lilia 's journey
2	Lilia 's journey
2	Lilia 's
1	I found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .
0	found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .
0	found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays
1	found the movie as divided against itself
2	found the movie as divided
2	the movie as divided
2	the movie
2	as divided
3	against itself
2	as the dysfunctional family it portrays
2	the dysfunctional family it portrays
2	the dysfunctional family
2	dysfunctional family
2	it portrays
1	The soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .
2	The soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit ,
3	The soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit
2	The soul-searching deliberateness of the film ,
3	The soul-searching deliberateness of the film
2	The soul-searching deliberateness
2	soul-searching deliberateness
2	of the film
2	the film
2	although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit
2	leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit
2	leavened nicely
2	with dry absurdist wit
2	dry absurdist wit
3	absurdist wit
1	eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .
1	becomes too heavy for the plot .
1	becomes too heavy for the plot
1	too heavy for the plot
2	heavy for the plot
2	for the plot
2	the plot
1	The movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth .
2	The movie
1	does n't add anything fresh to the myth .
1	does n't add anything fresh to the myth
1	does n't
2	add anything fresh to the myth
3	add anything fresh
3	anything fresh
2	to the myth
2	the myth
1	As inept as big-screen remakes of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West .
2	As inept as big-screen remakes of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West
1	As inept
1	as big-screen remakes of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West
2	big-screen remakes of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West
2	big-screen remakes
2	of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West
2	The Avengers and The Wild Wild West
2	The Avengers and
2	The Avengers
3	The Wild Wild West
2	Wild Wild West
2	Wild West
0	Comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible .
1	Comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible
2	Comes across
0	as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible
1	a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible
2	a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel
2	relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel
1	relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ...
2	from a bygone era , and its convolutions ...
2	a bygone era , and its convolutions ...
2	a bygone era , and its convolutions
2	a bygone era , and
2	a bygone era ,
2	a bygone era
2	bygone era
1	its convolutions
1	silly rather than plausible
1	silly rather than
2	rather than
1	Moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .
2	Moves in such odd plot
1	in such odd plot
2	such odd plot
2	odd plot
1	directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .
1	directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured
2	directions and
1	descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured
1	descends into such message-mongering moralism
2	into such message-mongering moralism
1	such message-mongering moralism
1	message-mongering moralism
2	that its good qualities are obscured
1	its good qualities are obscured
3	its good qualities
3	good qualities
2	are obscured
3	It 's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary .
2	It 's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary
2	It 's a very sincere work , but
3	It 's a very sincere work ,
3	It 's a very sincere work
3	's a very sincere work
3	a very sincere work
3	very sincere work
3	very sincere
1	it would be better as a diary or documentary
1	would be better as a diary or documentary
1	be better as a diary or documentary
2	be better
2	as a diary or documentary
2	a diary or documentary
2	diary or documentary
2	diary or
0	Once one experiences Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
2	Once one experiences Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience
1	one experiences Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience
2	experiences Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience
1	Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience
1	Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies
2	Mr. Haneke 's
2	Haneke 's
2	own sadistic tendencies
2	sadistic tendencies
2	toward his audience
2	his audience
1	, one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
1	one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
0	is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
1	is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else
0	left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else
0	with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else
1	a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else
2	a sour taste in one 's mouth , and
0	a sour taste in one 's mouth ,
1	a sour taste in one 's mouth
1	a sour taste
1	sour taste
2	in one 's mouth
2	one 's mouth
2	one 's
1	little else
2	Oops , she 's really done it this time .
2	, she 's really done it this time .
3	she 's really done it this time .
3	's really done it this time .
2	's really done it this time
2	's really
3	done it this time
2	done it
2	this time
0	That chirpy songbird Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
2	That chirpy
0	songbird Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
0	songbird Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel
0	Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel
2	Britney Spears
0	has popped up with more mindless drivel
1	popped up with more mindless drivel
2	popped up
2	with more mindless drivel
1	more mindless drivel
1	more mindless
0	It 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .
0	It 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense
0	It 's a loathsome movie , it really is and
0	It 's a loathsome movie , it really is
0	It 's a loathsome movie ,
0	It 's a loathsome movie
1	's a loathsome movie
0	a loathsome movie
0	loathsome movie
2	it really is
2	really is
0	it makes absolutely no sense
0	makes absolutely no sense
2	absolutely no sense
2	no sense
0	A chiller resolutely without chills .
2	A chiller
2	resolutely without chills .
2	resolutely without chills
1	without chills
1	For those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new Star Wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .
2	For those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects
2	those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects
2	those of us
2	of us
2	who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects
2	respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects
2	respond more strongly to storytelling
3	more strongly to storytelling
3	more strongly
2	to storytelling
2	than computer-generated effects
2	computer-generated effects
1	, the new Star Wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .
1	the new Star Wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .
2	the new Star Wars installment
2	new Star Wars installment
2	Star Wars installment
2	Wars installment
1	has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .
1	has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one
2	has n't
1	escaped the rut dug by the last one
1	the rut dug by the last one
2	the rut
2	dug by the last one
2	by the last one
2	the last one
2	last one
1	The director mostly plays it straight , turning Leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
2	The director
1	mostly plays it straight , turning Leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
1	plays it straight , turning Leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
1	plays it straight , turning Leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder
2	plays it straight ,
2	plays it straight
2	it straight
1	turning Leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder
2	turning Leys ' fable
2	Leys ' fable
2	Leys '
2	into a listless climb down the social ladder
1	a listless climb down the social ladder
1	a listless climb
2	listless climb
2	down the social ladder
2	the social ladder
2	social ladder
0	`` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company , '' and I do n't mean that in a good way .
0	`` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company , '' and I do n't mean that in a good way
0	`` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company , '' and
1	`` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company , ''
0	`` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company ,
0	`` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company
0	Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company
1	'' is the operative word for `` Bad Company
2	is the operative word for `` Bad Company
1	the operative word for `` Bad Company
2	the operative word
2	operative word
2	for `` Bad Company
2	for ``
1	Bad Company
1	I do n't mean that in a good way
2	do n't mean that in a good way
2	do n't
2	mean that in a good way
3	that in a good way
3	in a good way
3	a good way
2	good way
1	Though Frida is easier to swallow than Julie Taymor 's preposterous Titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .
2	Though Frida is easier to swallow than Julie Taymor 's preposterous Titus
2	Frida is easier to swallow than Julie Taymor 's preposterous Titus
2	is easier to swallow than Julie Taymor 's preposterous Titus
2	is easier
2	to swallow than Julie Taymor 's preposterous Titus
1	swallow than Julie Taymor 's preposterous Titus
1	than Julie Taymor 's preposterous Titus
1	Julie Taymor 's preposterous Titus
2	Julie Taymor 's
2	Taymor 's
2	preposterous Titus
1	, the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .
1	the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .
2	the eye candy
2	eye candy
1	here lacks considerable brio .
2	lacks considerable brio .
1	lacks considerable brio
2	considerable brio
3	Drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story .
2	is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story .
2	is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story
2	is --
2	the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story
2	the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one ,
2	the mere suggestion
2	mere suggestion
3	, albeit a visually compelling one ,
3	albeit a visually compelling one ,
3	albeit a visually compelling one
3	a visually compelling one
3	visually compelling one
4	visually compelling
2	of a fully realized story
2	a fully realized story
3	fully realized story
2	realized story
1	The whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .
2	The whole movie
2	whole movie
0	is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .
0	is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well
2	is simply
1	a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well
0	a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking
1	a lazy exercise
1	lazy exercise
0	in bad filmmaking
0	bad filmmaking
1	that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well
1	asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well
2	asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but
2	asks you to not only suspend your disbelief
2	you to not only suspend your disbelief
2	to not only suspend your disbelief
2	not only suspend your disbelief
2	not only
2	suspend your disbelief
2	your disbelief
2	your intelligence as well
2	your intelligence
2	as well
2	The film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry , but Ram Dass : Fierce Grace does n't organize it with any particular insight .
2	The film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry , but Ram Dass : Fierce Grace does n't organize it with any particular insight
3	The film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry , but
3	The film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry ,
2	The film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry
2	The film
3	affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry
3	us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry
2	intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry
3	intriguing glimpses
2	of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry
3	the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry
2	the insights
3	gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry
2	from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry
2	a lifetime of spiritual inquiry
3	a lifetime
2	of spiritual inquiry
3	spiritual inquiry
1	Ram Dass : Fierce Grace does n't organize it with any particular insight
2	Ram Dass : Fierce Grace
2	Ram Dass :
2	Ram Dass
3	Fierce Grace
1	does n't organize it with any particular insight
1	does n't
2	organize it with any particular insight
2	organize it
2	with any particular insight
2	any particular insight
2	particular insight
1	Billy Crystal and Robert De Niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .
2	Billy Crystal and Robert De Niro
2	Billy Crystal and
2	Billy Crystal
2	Robert De Niro
2	De Niro
0	sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .
1	sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse
1	through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse
1	vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse
2	in a sequel you can refuse
1	a sequel you can refuse
2	a sequel
2	you can refuse
2	can refuse
1	It 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .
0	It 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert
1	It 's loud and boring ;
0	It 's loud and boring
1	's loud and boring
0	loud and boring
2	loud and
0	watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert
2	watching it
0	is like being trapped at a bad rock concert
0	like being trapped at a bad rock concert
1	being trapped at a bad rock concert
1	trapped at a bad rock concert
1	at a bad rock concert
1	a bad rock concert
1	bad rock concert
2	rock concert
0	Merely -LRB- and literally -RRB- tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .
0	-LRB- and literally -RRB- tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .
2	-LRB- and literally -RRB-
2	and literally -RRB-
2	and literally
0	tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .
1	tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense
1	tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment
1	tosses around sex toys and offers
2	around sex toys and offers
1	sex toys and offers
2	toys and offers
2	toys and
2	half-hearted paeans to empowerment
2	paeans to empowerment
2	to empowerment
1	that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense
1	are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense
2	repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense
1	undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense
1	by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense
1	the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense
1	the brutality
1	of the jokes , most at women 's expense
1	the jokes , most at women 's expense
3	the jokes ,
2	the jokes
1	most at women 's expense
2	at women 's expense
2	women 's expense
2	women 's
1	If you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .
2	If you want a movie time trip
2	you want a movie time trip
2	want a movie time trip
2	a movie time trip
2	movie time trip
2	time trip
3	, the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .
2	the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .
2	the 1960 version
2	1960 version
3	is a far smoother ride .
2	is a far smoother ride
2	a far smoother ride
2	far smoother ride
2	far smoother
2	Traffics in the kind of prechewed racial clichés that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill .
1	Traffics in the kind of prechewed racial clichés that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill
1	in the kind of prechewed racial clichés that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill
1	the kind of prechewed racial clichés that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill
2	the kind
1	of prechewed racial clichés that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill
1	prechewed racial clichés that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill
0	prechewed racial clichés
1	racial clichés
1	that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill
1	have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill
2	have already
1	been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill
1	through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill
2	the corporate stand-up-comedy mill
2	corporate stand-up-comedy mill
2	stand-up-comedy mill
1	The story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .
1	The story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed
1	The story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and
1	The story is -- forgive me -- a little thin ,
1	The story is -- forgive me -- a little thin
2	The story
2	is -- forgive me -- a little thin
2	is -- forgive me --
2	-- forgive me --
2	forgive me --
2	forgive me
2	a little thin
2	little thin
1	the filmmaking clumsy and rushed
2	the filmmaking
1	clumsy and rushed
1	clumsy and
0	... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .
1	grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .
0	grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces
1	decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces
1	decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set
1	flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set
0	with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set
2	its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set
1	its many out-sized ,
2	its many out-sized
2	many out-sized
1	out of character and logically porous action set
1	out of character and logically
2	out of character and
2	out of character
2	of character
2	porous action set
2	action set
2	I wish Windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story .
2	wish Windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story .
2	wish Windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story
2	Windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story
2	had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story
3	had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story
2	had more faith
2	more faith
2	in the dramatic potential of this true story
2	the dramatic potential of this true story
2	the dramatic potential
3	dramatic potential
2	of this true story
2	this true story
2	true story
1	This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes .
2	This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes
1	This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and
2	This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted ,
1	This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted
1	would have been better than the fiction it has concocted
2	have been better than the fiction it has concocted
2	been better than the fiction it has concocted
3	been better than the fiction
3	better than the fiction
2	than the fiction
2	the fiction
2	it has concocted
2	has concocted
2	there still could have been room for the war scenes
1	still could have been room for the war scenes
2	could have been room for the war scenes
2	have been room for the war scenes
2	been room for the war scenes
2	room for the war scenes
2	for the war scenes
2	the war scenes
2	war scenes
1	Aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash .
0	Aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash
0	self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash
1	self-glorification and
1	a manipulative whitewash
1	manipulative whitewash
4	Stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by Dustin Hoffman that is revelatory .
3	Stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by Dustin Hoffman that is revelatory
2	Stay for the credits and
3	Stay for the credits
2	for the credits
2	the credits
2	see a devastating comic impersonation by Dustin Hoffman that is revelatory
1	see a devastating comic impersonation
1	a devastating comic impersonation
2	devastating comic impersonation
2	comic impersonation
2	by Dustin Hoffman that is revelatory
2	Dustin Hoffman that is revelatory
2	Dustin Hoffman
3	that is revelatory
2	is revelatory
1	None of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .
2	None of the characters or plot-lines
2	of the characters or plot-lines
2	the characters or plot-lines
2	characters or plot-lines
2	characters or
2	are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .
1	are fleshed-out enough to build any interest
3	fleshed-out enough to build any interest
2	fleshed-out enough
2	to build any interest
2	build any interest
2	any interest
2	As social exposé , Skins has its heart in the right place , but that 's not much to hang a soap opera on .
1	As social exposé , Skins has its heart in the right place , but that 's not much to hang a soap opera on
2	As social exposé , Skins has its heart in the right place , but
3	As social exposé , Skins has its heart in the right place ,
3	As social exposé , Skins has its heart in the right place
2	As social exposé
2	social exposé
2	, Skins has its heart in the right place
2	Skins has its heart in the right place
3	has its heart in the right place
3	its heart in the right place
3	its heart
3	in the right place
3	the right place
3	right place
1	that 's not much to hang a soap opera on
1	's not much to hang a soap opera on
2	's not
2	much to hang a soap opera on
1	to hang a soap opera on
1	hang a soap opera on
2	hang a soap opera
2	a soap opera
1	soap opera
0	The whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product .
2	The whole film
2	whole film
1	has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product .
1	has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
0	this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
2	this sneaky feel
2	sneaky feel
0	to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
2	to it
0	-- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
0	as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
1	if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
0	the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
2	the director
0	is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
0	trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
0	to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
0	dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
1	dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important
1	dupe the viewer
2	the viewer
2	into taking it all as Very Important
2	taking it all as Very Important
2	taking it
3	all as Very Important
2	as Very Important
2	Very Important
0	simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
1	because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
0	the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
2	the movie
1	is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
0	ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
2	to look at and not a Hollywood product
2	look at and not a Hollywood product
2	at and not a Hollywood product
2	and not a Hollywood product
1	not a Hollywood product
2	a Hollywood product
2	Hollywood product
2	There 's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of Queen of the Damned , as its origins in an Anne Rice novel dictate , but generally , it 's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance .
2	There 's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of Queen of the Damned , as its origins in an Anne Rice novel dictate , but generally , it 's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance
2	There 's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of Queen of the Damned , as its origins in an Anne Rice novel dictate , but
2	There 's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of Queen of the Damned , as its origins in an Anne Rice novel dictate ,
2	There 's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of Queen of the Damned , as its origins in an Anne Rice novel dictate
3	's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of Queen of the Damned , as its origins in an Anne Rice novel dictate
2	's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of Queen of the Damned ,
3	's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of Queen of the Damned
3	a bit of thematic meat on the bones of Queen of the Damned
2	a bit
2	of thematic meat on the bones of Queen of the Damned
2	thematic meat on the bones of Queen of the Damned
2	thematic meat
2	on the bones of Queen of the Damned
3	the bones of Queen of the Damned
2	the bones
2	of Queen of the Damned
2	Queen of the Damned
2	of the Damned
2	the Damned
3	as its origins in an Anne Rice novel dictate
2	its origins in an Anne Rice novel dictate
2	its origins in an Anne Rice novel
2	its origins
2	in an Anne Rice novel
2	an Anne Rice novel
2	Anne Rice novel
2	Rice novel
2	generally , it 's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance
1	, it 's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance
2	it 's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance
1	's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance
2	a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance
2	a movie
2	that emphasizes style over character and substance
1	emphasizes style over character and substance
1	style over character and substance
2	over character and substance
2	character and substance
2	character and
0	The only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .
1	The only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film
2	only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film
1	way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film
0	to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film
1	tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film
0	this insipid , brutally clueless film
0	insipid , brutally clueless film
1	insipid , brutally clueless
1	, brutally clueless
1	brutally clueless
2	might be with a large dose of painkillers .
1	might be with a large dose of painkillers
1	be with a large dose of painkillers
1	with a large dose of painkillers
1	a large dose of painkillers
2	a large dose
2	large dose
2	of painkillers
2	This one is certainly well-meaning , but it 's also simple-minded and contrived .
2	This one is certainly well-meaning , but it 's also simple-minded and contrived
2	This one is certainly well-meaning , but
3	This one is certainly well-meaning ,
3	This one is certainly well-meaning
2	This one
3	is certainly well-meaning
2	is certainly
1	it 's also simple-minded and contrived
1	's also simple-minded and contrived
2	's also
1	simple-minded and contrived
1	simple-minded and
3	Coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .
1	has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .
2	has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else
2	made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else
2	a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else
2	a film
1	of intoxicating atmosphere and little else
2	intoxicating atmosphere and little else
4	intoxicating atmosphere and
4	intoxicating atmosphere
1	little else
0	Bad and baffling from the get-go .
0	Bad and baffling from the get-go
0	Bad and baffling
1	Bad and
2	from the get-go
2	the get-go
1	A series of immaculately composed shots of Patch Adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie .
2	A series of immaculately composed shots of Patch Adams quietly freaking out
2	A series
2	of immaculately composed shots of Patch Adams quietly freaking out
2	immaculately composed shots of Patch Adams quietly freaking out
2	composed shots of Patch Adams quietly freaking out
2	shots of Patch Adams quietly freaking out
3	of Patch Adams quietly freaking out
2	Patch Adams quietly freaking out
2	Patch Adams
2	quietly freaking out
1	freaking out
1	does not make for much of a movie .
1	does not make for much of a movie
2	does not
2	make for much of a movie
2	for much of a movie
2	much of a movie
2	of a movie
2	a movie
1	At a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , Collateral Damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
2	At a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is
2	a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is
2	a time
2	when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is
1	we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is
1	've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is
2	learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is
1	learned the hard way just
2	learned the hard way
2	the hard way
2	hard way
2	how complex international terrorism is
2	complex international terrorism is
2	complex international terrorism
2	international terrorism
1	, Collateral Damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
1	Collateral Damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
2	Collateral Damage
1	paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
1	paints an absurdly simplistic picture
1	an absurdly simplistic picture
0	absurdly simplistic picture
0	absurdly simplistic
2	The impulses that produced this project ... are commendable , but the results are uneven .
1	The impulses that produced this project ... are commendable , but the results are uneven
3	The impulses that produced this project ... are commendable , but
2	The impulses that produced this project ... are commendable ,
3	The impulses that produced this project ... are commendable
2	The impulses that produced this project ...
2	The impulses
2	that produced this project ...
2	produced this project ...
2	produced this project
2	this project
2	are commendable
2	the results are uneven
2	the results
2	are uneven
2	A well-acted movie that simply does n't gel .
3	A well-acted movie that simply does n't
3	A well-acted movie
3	well-acted movie
2	that simply does n't
1	simply does n't
1	does n't
2	gel .
0	Like a can of 2-day old Coke .
1	Like a can of 2-day old Coke
1	a can of 2-day old Coke
2	a can
1	of 2-day old Coke
1	2-day old Coke
2	old Coke
1	You can taste it , but there 's no fizz .
1	You can taste it , but there 's no fizz
2	You can taste it , but
3	You can taste it ,
2	You can taste it
2	can taste it
2	taste it
1	there 's no fizz
1	's no fizz
2	no fizz
1	There 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .
1	's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .
0	's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish
1	no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish
1	no excuse
3	for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish
3	following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish
3	following up a delightful , well-crafted family film
2	following up
4	a delightful , well-crafted family film
4	delightful , well-crafted family film
4	, well-crafted family film
3	well-crafted family film
2	family film
2	with a computer-generated cold fish
0	a computer-generated cold fish
1	computer-generated cold fish
1	cold fish
2	Both the crime story and the love story are unusual .
3	Both the crime story and the love story
3	the crime story and the love story
2	the crime story and
2	the crime story
2	crime story
2	the love story
2	love story
2	are unusual .
2	are unusual
1	But they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .
1	they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .
1	they do n't fit well together and neither is well told
1	they do n't fit well together and
1	they do n't fit well together
1	do n't fit well together
2	do n't
3	fit well together
3	well together
1	neither is well told
4	is well told
3	is well
1	It 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .
1	's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .
2	's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant
1	's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts
1	both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts
0	both sitcomishly predictable and cloying
1	sitcomishly predictable and cloying
1	predictable and cloying
1	predictable and
3	in its attempts
2	its attempts
2	to be poignant
2	be poignant
0	Other than a mildly engaging central romance , Hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .
1	Other than a mildly engaging central romance , Hospital
2	than a mildly engaging central romance , Hospital
2	a mildly engaging central romance , Hospital
2	a mildly engaging central romance ,
2	a mildly engaging central romance
3	mildly engaging central romance
2	mildly engaging
2	central romance
1	is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .
1	is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst
1	sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst
1	sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution
2	sickly entertainment
1	at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution
2	best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution
4	best and
1	mind-destroying cinematic pollution
1	cinematic pollution
2	at worst
1	Jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .
1	offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .
0	offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar
1	offers the none-too-original premise
1	the none-too-original premise
1	none-too-original premise
1	that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar
1	everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar
2	everyone involved with moviemaking
2	involved with moviemaking
2	with moviemaking
2	is a con artist and a liar
2	a con artist and a liar
3	a con artist and
2	a con artist
2	con artist
2	a liar
1	Outside of Burger 's desire to make some kind of film , it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken
2	Outside of Burger 's desire to make some kind of film
2	of Burger 's desire to make some kind of film
2	Burger 's desire to make some kind of film
2	Burger 's
2	desire to make some kind of film
2	to make some kind of film
2	make some kind of film
2	some kind of film
2	some kind
2	of film
1	, it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken
1	it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken
1	's really unclear why this project was undertaken
1	's really unclear
1	really unclear
1	why this project was undertaken
1	this project was undertaken
2	this project
2	was undertaken
2	Was I scared ?
2	Was I scared
2	Was I
2	Only at the prospect of Beck 's next project .
2	Only at the prospect of Beck 's next project
2	at the prospect of Beck 's next project
2	the prospect of Beck 's next project
2	the prospect
2	of Beck 's next project
2	Beck 's next project
2	Beck 's
2	next project
1	Let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... Ghost Blimp ?
1	Let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... Ghost Blimp
2	Let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ...
1	Let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next
2	Let 's
2	see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next
2	see ,
2	a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next
2	a haunted house , a haunted ship ,
2	a haunted house , a haunted ship
1	a haunted house ,
2	a haunted house
2	haunted house
2	a haunted ship
2	haunted ship
2	what 's next
2	's next
2	Ghost Blimp
1	A fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
1	A fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
1	A fragile framework
2	fragile framework
1	upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
1	which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
1	to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
1	hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
1	broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
2	broad , mildly fleshed-out characters
2	, mildly fleshed-out characters
2	mildly fleshed-out characters
2	mildly fleshed-out
1	that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
1	seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
1	to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
1	have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
1	been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
1	conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
2	conjured up
2	only 10 minutes prior to filming
2	only 10 minutes
2	10 minutes
2	prior to filming
2	to filming
0	By the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
0	By the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion
2	By the time
2	the time
1	the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion
2	the plot
0	grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion
1	grinds itself out
1	grinds itself
0	in increasingly incoherent fashion
1	increasingly incoherent fashion
1	increasingly incoherent
0	, you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
1	you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
0	might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
1	might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around
0	be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around
2	wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around
0	wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way
2	for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way
2	a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way
3	a watch that makes time go faster rather than
2	a watch that makes time go faster
3	a watch
2	that makes time go faster
2	makes time go faster
2	time go faster
2	go faster
2	rather than
2	the other way
2	other way
2	Since Lee is a sentimentalist , the film is more worshipful than your random E !
2	Since Lee is a sentimentalist
2	Lee is a sentimentalist
2	is a sentimentalist
2	a sentimentalist
2	, the film is more worshipful than your random E !
1	the film is more worshipful than your random E !
2	the film
2	is more worshipful than your random E !
3	is more worshipful than your random E
2	more worshipful than your random E
2	worshipful than your random E
2	than your random E
2	your random E
2	random E
2	True Hollywood Story .
2	Hollywood Story .
2	Story .
1	Wes Craven 's presence is felt ; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend . '
2	Wes Craven 's presence
2	Wes Craven 's
2	Craven 's
1	is felt ; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend . '
1	is felt ; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend .
1	is felt ; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend
1	felt ; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend
1	; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend
2	; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but
1	; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , '
2	; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes ,
2	; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes
2	not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes
2	not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or `
2	not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or
2	not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street '
2	not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street
1	not the Craven of ' A Nightmare
2	not the Craven
2	the Craven
1	of ' A Nightmare
2	of '
0	A Nightmare
2	on Elm Street
2	Elm Street
2	The Hills Have Eyes
2	The Hills Have
2	Hills Have
1	the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend
0	the sad schlock merchant
1	sad schlock merchant
2	schlock merchant
2	of ` Deadly Friend
2	of `
2	Deadly Friend
2	Sunshine State surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology .
2	Sunshine State
3	surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology .
2	surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology
2	surveys the landscape and
2	surveys the landscape
2	the landscape
3	assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology
2	assesses the issues
2	the issues
3	with a clear passion for sociology
2	a clear passion for sociology
2	a clear passion
3	clear passion
2	for sociology
1	But the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
0	the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
2	the cinematography
1	is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
2	is cloudy , the picture making becalmed
2	is cloudy ,
2	is cloudy
2	the picture making becalmed
2	the picture
2	making becalmed
1	It 's one long bore .
2	It 's one
2	It 's
0	long bore .
1	bore .
1	It gets old quickly .
1	gets old quickly .
1	gets old quickly
1	gets old
1	Watch Barbershop again if you 're in need of a Cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through .
0	Watch Barbershop again if you 're in need of a Cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through
3	Watch Barbershop again if you 're in need of a Cube fix --
3	Watch Barbershop again if you 're in need of a Cube fix
2	Watch Barbershop
2	again if you 're in need of a Cube fix
2	if you 're in need of a Cube fix
2	you 're in need of a Cube fix
2	're in need of a Cube fix
2	in need of a Cube fix
1	need of a Cube fix
2	of a Cube fix
2	a Cube fix
2	Cube fix
0	this is n't worth sitting through
1	is n't worth sitting through
1	is n't
3	worth sitting through
2	sitting through
1	It 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .
1	It 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking
1	It 's leaden and predictable , and
0	It 's leaden and predictable ,
2	It 's leaden and predictable
1	's leaden and predictable
0	leaden and predictable
1	leaden and
1	laughs are lacking
1	are lacking
1	... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
1	a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
1	a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it
0	a cinematic disaster
0	cinematic disaster
2	so inadvertently sidesplitting it
1	inadvertently sidesplitting it
2	sidesplitting it
2	's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
3	's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone
2	's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor
2	worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor
0	the price of admission for the ridicule factor
3	the price
1	of admission for the ridicule factor
1	admission for the ridicule factor
1	for the ridicule factor
1	the ridicule factor
1	ridicule factor
1	Skip this dreck , rent Animal House and go back to the source .
1	Skip this dreck , rent Animal House and go back to the source
1	Skip this dreck , rent Animal House and
1	Skip this dreck , rent Animal House
0	Skip this dreck ,
0	Skip this dreck
1	this dreck
2	rent Animal House
2	Animal House
2	go back to the source
2	go back
2	to the source
2	the source
0	The movie is a desperate miscalculation .
2	The movie
2	is a desperate miscalculation .
1	is a desperate miscalculation
1	a desperate miscalculation
1	desperate miscalculation
1	It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .
1	It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time
1	It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and
1	It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny ,
1	It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny
1	gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny
1	gives poor Dana Carvey nothing
2	gives poor Dana Carvey
1	poor Dana Carvey
2	Dana Carvey
3	to do that is really funny
3	do that is really funny
4	that is really funny
3	is really funny
4	really funny
1	then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time
1	expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time
3	us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time
3	to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time
3	laugh because he acts so goofy all the time
1	because he acts so goofy all the time
2	he acts so goofy all the time
2	acts so goofy all the time
2	so goofy all the time
2	so goofy
2	all the time
2	the time
1	We just do n't really care too much about this love story .
1	just do n't really care too much about this love story .
1	do n't really care too much about this love story .
1	do n't really care too much about this love story
2	do n't really
2	do n't
3	care too much about this love story
2	care too much
1	too much
3	about this love story
2	this love story
2	love story
0	In that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
2	In that setting
2	that setting
0	, their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
0	their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
2	their struggle
0	is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
0	is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting
2	is simply
0	too ludicrous and borderline insulting
1	too ludicrous and
0	too ludicrous
1	borderline insulting
1	The Transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull .
1	The Transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull
1	The Transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and
2	The Transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions
2	The Transporter
2	bombards the viewer with so many explosions
2	the viewer with so many explosions
2	the viewer
2	with so many explosions
3	so many explosions
2	so many
1	side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull
2	side snap
1	kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull
1	that it ends up being surprisingly dull
1	it ends up being surprisingly dull
1	ends up being surprisingly dull
2	ends up
0	being surprisingly dull
2	surprisingly dull
1	Uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...
2	Uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic
2	Uzumaki 's
3	interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic
3	interesting social
2	parallel and defiant aesthetic
2	and defiant aesthetic
2	defiant aesthetic
1	seems a prostituted muse ...
1	seems a prostituted muse
2	a prostituted muse
1	prostituted muse
2	` Men in Black II creates a new threat for the MIB , but recycles the same premise .
1	Men in Black II creates a new threat for the MIB , but recycles the same premise .
2	Men in Black II
2	in Black II
2	Black II
2	creates a new threat for the MIB , but recycles the same premise .
1	creates a new threat for the MIB , but recycles the same premise
2	creates a new threat for the MIB , but
2	creates a new threat for the MIB ,
2	creates a new threat for the MIB
2	a new threat for the MIB
2	a new threat
2	new threat
2	for the MIB
2	the MIB
1	recycles the same premise
2	the same premise
1	same premise
3	Large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride .
2	Large budget notwithstanding
2	Large budget
2	, the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride .
1	the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride .
2	the movie
1	is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride .
2	is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride
1	is such a blip on the year 's radar screen
1	such a blip on the year 's radar screen
2	such a blip
1	a blip
2	on the year 's radar screen
2	the year 's radar screen
2	the year 's
2	year 's
2	radar screen
3	that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride
2	it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride
2	's tempting just to go with it for the ride
2	tempting just to go with it for the ride
2	tempting just
2	to go with it for the ride
2	go with it for the ride
2	go with it
3	with it
2	for the ride
2	the ride
1	But this time , the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better .
1	this time , the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better .
2	this time
1	, the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better .
1	the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better .
2	the old MIB label
2	old MIB label
2	MIB label
1	stands for Milder Is n't Better .
1	stands for Milder Is n't Better
2	for Milder Is n't Better
1	Milder Is n't Better
2	Is n't Better
2	Is n't
1	Feels familiar and tired .
1	Feels familiar and tired
1	familiar and tired
2	familiar and
1	A retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by Martin Scorsese .
2	A retread of material
1	A retread
2	of material
2	already thoroughly plumbed by Martin Scorsese .
2	thoroughly plumbed by Martin Scorsese .
2	plumbed by Martin Scorsese .
2	plumbed by Martin Scorsese
2	by Martin Scorsese
2	Martin Scorsese
0	Instead of making his own style , director Marcus Adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture
2	Instead of making his own style
2	of making his own style
2	making his own style
2	his own style
3	own style
2	, director Marcus Adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture
1	director Marcus Adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture
1	Marcus Adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture
1	Adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture
1	Adams just copies from various sources --
1	Adams just copies from various sources
1	Adams just copies
1	just copies
2	from various sources
3	various sources
2	good sources , bad mixture
3	good sources ,
2	good sources
1	bad mixture
3	Criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes My Big Fat Greek Wedding look like an apartheid drama .
2	Criminal conspiracies and true romances
2	Criminal conspiracies and
2	Criminal conspiracies
2	true romances
2	move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes My Big Fat Greek Wedding look like an apartheid drama .
2	move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes My Big Fat Greek Wedding look like an apartheid drama
3	move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film
2	move so easily
2	so easily
2	across racial and cultural lines in the film
2	racial and cultural lines in the film
2	racial and cultural lines
2	and cultural lines
2	cultural lines
2	in the film
2	the film
0	that it makes My Big Fat Greek Wedding look like an apartheid drama
0	it makes My Big Fat Greek Wedding look like an apartheid drama
1	makes My Big Fat Greek Wedding look like an apartheid drama
2	makes My Big Fat Greek Wedding look
2	My Big Fat Greek Wedding look
2	Big Fat Greek Wedding look
2	Fat Greek Wedding look
2	Greek Wedding look
2	Wedding look
2	like an apartheid drama
0	an apartheid drama
2	apartheid drama
1	A bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .
1	bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .
0	bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points
2	that tends to hammer home every one of its points
2	tends to hammer home every one of its points
2	to hammer home every one of its points
2	hammer home every one of its points
2	hammer home
2	every one of its points
2	every one
2	of its points
2	its points
0	A story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .
0	story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .
0	story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material
1	which fails to rise above its disgusting source material
0	fails to rise above its disgusting source material
2	to rise above its disgusting source material
3	rise above its disgusting source material
3	above its disgusting source material
0	its disgusting source material
0	disgusting source material
2	source material
0	It 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland .
1	's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland .
1	's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland
2	's fitting
1	that a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland
0	a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland
0	a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears
0	a movie as artificial and soulless
2	a movie
0	as artificial and soulless
1	artificial and soulless
2	artificial and
2	as The Country Bears
2	The Country Bears
2	Country Bears
2	owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland
2	owes its genesis
2	its genesis
2	to an animatronic display at Disneyland
2	an animatronic display at Disneyland
2	an animatronic display
2	animatronic display
2	at Disneyland
0	Starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches .
3	Starts as an intense political and psychological thriller
3	as an intense political and psychological thriller
4	an intense political and psychological thriller
4	intense political and psychological thriller
3	political and psychological thriller
2	political and psychological
2	political and
1	but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches .
1	is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches .
1	is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches
1	sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches
2	by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches
1	ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches
2	time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches
1	time bombs and
1	time bombs
2	other Hollywood-action cliches
1	Hollywood-action cliches
0	Completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that I 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
1	Completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that I 'm not sure
1	Completely creatively stillborn and
1	Completely creatively stillborn
1	creatively stillborn
2	executed in a manner that I 'm not sure
2	executed in a manner
2	in a manner
2	a manner
2	that I 'm not sure
2	I 'm not sure
2	'm not sure
3	'm not
1	could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
0	could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage
1	could be a single iota worse ...
2	could be a single iota worse
1	be a single iota worse
1	a single iota worse
2	a single iota
2	single iota
0	a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage
1	a soulless hunk
1	soulless hunk
1	of exploitative garbage
0	exploitative garbage
1	An uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on Philip K. Dick stories .
0	An uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films
2	An uneven look
2	uneven look
1	into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films
1	a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films
1	a grim future
1	grim future
0	that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films
0	does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films
1	does n't
1	come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films
3	close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films
2	to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films
3	the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films
2	the level of intelligence and
2	the level of intelligence
2	the level
2	of intelligence
3	visual splendour that can be seen in other films
3	visual splendour
2	that can be seen in other films
2	can be seen in other films
2	be seen in other films
2	seen in other films
2	in other films
2	other films
2	based on Philip K. Dick stories .
2	based on Philip K. Dick stories
2	on Philip K. Dick stories
2	Philip K. Dick stories
2	K. Dick stories
2	Dick stories
0	Horrible .
0	The disjointed mess flows as naturally as Jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .
1	The disjointed mess
1	disjointed mess
2	flows as naturally as Jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .
2	flows as naturally as Jolie 's hideous yellow ` do
3	flows as naturally
3	as naturally
1	as Jolie 's hideous yellow ` do
1	Jolie 's hideous yellow ` do
1	Jolie 's hideous yellow
2	Jolie 's
1	hideous yellow
2	` do
3	Bolstered by an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that I have n't encountered since at least Pete 's Dragon .
3	Bolstered by an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that I have n't encountered since at least Pete 's Dragon
3	Bolstered by an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline
4	by an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline
3	an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline
3	an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB- , an interesting racial tension , and
2	an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB- , an interesting racial tension ,
3	an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB- , an interesting racial tension
3	an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB- ,
3	an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB-
4	an astonishing voice cast
3	astonishing voice cast
2	voice cast
2	-LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB-
2	excepting Love Hewitt -RRB-
2	excepting Love Hewitt
2	Love Hewitt
3	an interesting racial tension
2	interesting racial tension
1	racial tension
2	a storyline
2	that I have n't encountered since at least Pete 's Dragon
2	I have n't encountered since at least Pete 's Dragon
2	have n't encountered since at least Pete 's Dragon
2	have n't
2	encountered since at least Pete 's Dragon
2	since at least Pete 's Dragon
2	at least Pete 's Dragon
2	at least Pete 's
2	at least
2	Pete 's
1	An authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .
1	An authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total
1	An authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study
1	authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study
1	authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless ,
1	authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless
2	authentically vague , but
2	authentically vague ,
1	authentically vague
1	ultimately purposeless
2	in total
2	pandemonium .
0	Makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .
2	Makes a joke out of car
2	a joke out of car
2	a joke out
2	a joke
2	of car
2	chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .
2	chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases
3	chases for an hour and then
2	chases for an hour and
2	chases for an hour
2	for an hour
2	an hour
2	gives us half an hour of car chases
2	gives us
2	half an hour of car chases
2	half an hour
2	an hour
2	of car chases
2	car chases
1	As the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , -LRB- Franco -RRB- has all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .
2	As the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role
2	the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role
1	the sulking , moody male hustler
2	sulking , moody male hustler
2	, moody male hustler
1	moody male hustler
2	male hustler
2	in the title role
2	the title role
2	title role
2	, -LRB- Franco -RRB- has all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .
2	-LRB- Franco -RRB- has all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .
2	-LRB- Franco -RRB-
2	Franco -RRB-
1	has all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .
1	has all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability
1	all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability
1	all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but
1	all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence ,
2	all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence
2	of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence
2	Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence
2	Dean 's
3	mannerisms and self-indulgence
2	mannerisms and
2	none of his sweetness and vulnerability
3	of his sweetness and vulnerability
3	his sweetness and vulnerability
3	sweetness and vulnerability
3	sweetness and
0	The only thing to fear about `` Fear Dot Com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
2	The only thing to fear about `` Fear Dot Com ''
1	only thing to fear about `` Fear Dot Com ''
2	thing to fear about `` Fear Dot Com ''
2	to fear about `` Fear Dot Com ''
2	fear about `` Fear Dot Com ''
2	about `` Fear Dot Com ''
2	about `` Fear Dot Com
2	about ``
2	Fear Dot Com
2	Dot Com
0	is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
0	is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film
0	hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film
1	hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you
1	hitting your head on the theater seat
1	hitting your head
2	your head
2	on the theater seat
2	the theater seat
2	theater seat
2	in front of you
2	front of you
2	of you
0	when you doze off thirty minutes into the film
1	you doze off thirty minutes into the film
0	doze off thirty minutes into the film
1	doze off thirty minutes
1	doze off
2	thirty minutes
2	into the film
2	the film
0	It 's too interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
1	's too interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
0	's too interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience
1	too interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience
0	interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience
1	in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience
1	jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience
1	jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations
1	jerking off
2	in all its Byzantine incarnations
2	all its Byzantine incarnations
2	its Byzantine incarnations
2	Byzantine incarnations
1	to bother pleasuring its audience
2	bother pleasuring its audience
3	pleasuring its audience
2	its audience
1	` Synthetic ' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree .
2	Synthetic ' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree .
2	' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree .
2	is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree .
3	is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree
2	the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree
2	the best description
2	best description
3	of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree
3	this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree
4	this well-meaning , beautifully produced film
3	well-meaning , beautifully produced film
3	, beautifully produced film
4	beautifully produced film
4	beautifully produced
2	that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree
2	sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree
1	sacrifices its promise
2	its promise
2	for a high-powered star pedigree
3	a high-powered star pedigree
4	high-powered star pedigree
2	star pedigree
1	It concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between Chan and Hewitt .
1	concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between Chan and Hewitt .
1	concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between Chan and Hewitt
1	concentrates far too much
1	far too much
1	too much
1	on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between Chan and Hewitt
1	the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between Chan and Hewitt
2	the awkward interplay and utter lack
1	awkward interplay and utter lack
1	interplay and utter lack
2	and utter lack
1	utter lack
2	of chemistry between Chan and Hewitt
2	chemistry between Chan and Hewitt
2	between Chan and Hewitt
2	Chan and Hewitt
2	Chan and
1	Impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
1	ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
1	ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies
2	ca n't
2	think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies
2	of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies
1	a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies
1	thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies
2	to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies
1	do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies
2	do with these characters
2	with these characters
2	these characters
2	except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies
2	have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies
2	them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies
2	run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies
2	run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and
2	run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers ,
2	run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers
2	run through dark tunnels ,
2	run through dark tunnels
2	through dark tunnels
2	dark tunnels
2	fight off various anonymous attackers
2	fight off
2	various anonymous attackers
2	anonymous attackers
2	evade elaborate surveillance technologies
2	elaborate surveillance technologies
2	surveillance technologies
1	Judd 's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller Smart Women , Foolish Choices for advice .
2	Judd 's characters
2	Judd 's
2	ought to pick up the durable best seller Smart Women , Foolish Choices for advice .
1	ought to pick up the durable best seller Smart Women , Foolish Choices for advice
2	to pick up the durable best seller Smart Women , Foolish Choices for advice
1	pick up the durable best seller Smart Women , Foolish Choices for advice
2	pick up
2	the durable best seller Smart Women , Foolish Choices for advice
2	the durable best seller Smart Women ,
2	the durable best seller Smart Women
2	durable best seller Smart Women
2	durable best
2	seller Smart Women
2	Smart Women
1	Foolish Choices for advice
1	Foolish Choices
2	for advice
1	The script has less spice than a rat burger and The Rock 's fighting skills are more in line with Steven Seagal .
0	The script has less spice than a rat burger and The Rock 's fighting skills are more in line with Steven Seagal
0	The script has less spice than a rat burger and
1	The script has less spice than a rat burger
2	The script
0	has less spice than a rat burger
2	has less spice
2	less spice
2	than a rat burger
2	a rat burger
2	rat burger
3	The Rock 's fighting skills are more in line with Steven Seagal
2	The Rock 's fighting skills
2	The Rock 's
2	Rock 's
2	fighting skills
2	are more in line with Steven Seagal
2	are more in line
2	more in line
2	in line
3	with Steven Seagal
3	Steven Seagal
0	This ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .
1	This ill-conceived and expensive project
0	ill-conceived and expensive project
1	ill-conceived and expensive
1	ill-conceived and
1	winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .
1	winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it
2	winds up
1	looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it
1	like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it
1	a bunch of talented thesps slumming it
3	a bunch of talented thesps
2	a bunch
2	of talented thesps
3	talented thesps
2	slumming it
1	... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .
2	there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .
2	's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .
1	's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise
1	a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise
1	a choppy , surface-effect feeling
1	choppy , surface-effect feeling
2	, surface-effect feeling
2	surface-effect feeling
2	to the whole enterprise
3	the whole enterprise
2	whole enterprise
1	Does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez .
1	Does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez
2	Does n't
2	get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez
1	the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez
2	the job
1	done , running off the limited chemistry created by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez
2	done ,
2	running off the limited chemistry created by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez
1	running off
1	the limited chemistry created by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez
1	the limited chemistry
1	limited chemistry
2	created by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez
2	by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez
2	Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez
2	Ralph Fiennes and
2	Ralph Fiennes
2	Jennifer Lopez
0	A particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .
0	A particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period
0	particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period
0	particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull ,
0	particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull
1	particularly joyless , and
1	particularly joyless ,
1	particularly joyless
1	exceedingly dull
2	coming-of-age tale .
2	coming-of-age tale
1	It 's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of Janice Beard -LRB- Eileen Walsh -RRB- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant .
2	's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of Janice Beard -LRB- Eileen Walsh -RRB- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant .
2	's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of Janice Beard -LRB- Eileen Walsh -RRB- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant
1	impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of Janice Beard -LRB- Eileen Walsh -RRB- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant
1	to indulge the fanciful daydreams of Janice Beard -LRB- Eileen Walsh -RRB- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant
1	indulge the fanciful daydreams of Janice Beard -LRB- Eileen Walsh -RRB- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant
2	the fanciful daydreams of Janice Beard -LRB- Eileen Walsh -RRB- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant
2	the fanciful daydreams
2	fanciful daydreams
1	of Janice Beard -LRB- Eileen Walsh -RRB- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant
2	Janice Beard -LRB- Eileen Walsh -RRB- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant
2	Janice Beard -LRB- Eileen Walsh -RRB-
2	Janice Beard
2	-LRB- Eileen Walsh -RRB-
2	Eileen Walsh -RRB-
2	Eileen Walsh
1	when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant
0	her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant
2	her real-life persona
3	real-life persona
1	is so charmless and vacant
1	so charmless and vacant
1	charmless and vacant
1	charmless and
0	... it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did I miss something ? ''
0	it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did I miss something ? ''
0	it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
0	was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
2	was n't
1	the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
2	the subject matter
2	subject matter
0	that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
1	ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
0	defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
1	the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
2	the film ...
2	the film
1	It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
1	was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
2	the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
1	the unfulfilling , incongruous ,
1	the unfulfilling , incongruous
2	the unfulfilling ,
1	the unfulfilling
2	`` wait a second
2	wait a second
2	a second
2	, did I miss something ? ''
1	did I miss something ? ''
1	did I miss something ?
1	did I miss something
2	I miss something
2	miss something
2	ending .
1	This is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .
0	is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .
1	is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still
0	a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still
2	a movie
0	where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still
1	the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still
2	the most notable observation
2	most notable observation
3	most notable
2	is how long you 've been sitting still
2	how long you 've been sitting still
2	how long
2	you 've been sitting still
2	've been sitting still
2	been sitting still
2	sitting still
0	Poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .
0	Poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue
0	Poor editing , bad bluescreen , and
1	Poor editing , bad bluescreen ,
0	Poor editing , bad bluescreen
1	Poor editing ,
1	Poor editing
0	bad bluescreen
1	ultra-cheesy dialogue
2	highlight the radical action .
2	highlight the radical action
2	the radical action
3	radical action
0	It 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .
1	's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .
0	's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid
0	super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid
2	super - violent , super-serious and
3	super - violent , super-serious
1	super - violent ,
2	super - violent
4	super -
2	So earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script .
2	earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script .
4	earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer ,
4	earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer
3	earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent ,
4	earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent
3	earnest and well-meaning , and
3	earnest and well-meaning ,
3	earnest and well-meaning
2	earnest and
4	so stocked with talent
2	so stocked
3	with talent
2	that you almost forget the sheer
2	you almost forget the sheer
1	almost forget the sheer
2	forget the sheer
2	the sheer
0	ponderous awfulness of its script .
0	ponderous awfulness of its script
1	awfulness of its script
2	of its script
2	its script
1	Just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .
1	Just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite
1	Just a string of stale gags ,
1	Just a string of stale gags
3	Just a string
2	a string
1	of stale gags
1	stale gags
1	with no good inside dope , and no particular bite
1	no good inside dope , and no particular bite
1	no good inside dope , and
2	no good inside dope ,
1	no good inside dope
3	good inside dope
2	inside dope
1	no particular bite
2	particular bite
0	It 's Splash without the jokes .
1	's Splash without the jokes .
1	's Splash without the jokes
1	Splash without the jokes
2	without the jokes
2	the jokes
1	The Château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .
2	The Château
2	would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .
1	would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera
3	have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera
1	been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera
2	benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera
3	benefited from a sharper , cleaner script
3	from a sharper , cleaner script
3	a sharper , cleaner script
3	sharper , cleaner script
3	sharper , cleaner
2	, cleaner
2	before it went in front of the camera
2	it went in front of the camera
2	went in front of the camera
2	in front of the camera
2	front of the camera
2	of the camera
2	the camera
2	Not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens .
2	to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens .
2	to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens
2	mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens
2	a sharper , cleaner camera lens
3	sharper , cleaner camera lens
3	sharper , cleaner
2	, cleaner
2	camera lens
0	Shallow , noisy and pretentious .
0	Shallow , noisy and pretentious
1	, noisy and pretentious
1	noisy and pretentious
1	noisy and
1	Morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating .
1	Morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating
2	Morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed -
3	Morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed
3	has performed a difficult task indeed
3	performed a difficult task indeed
2	performed a difficult task
2	a difficult task
2	difficult task
0	he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating
0	's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating
0	taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating
3	taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and
2	taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories
4	one of the world 's most fascinating stories
3	of the world 's most fascinating stories
4	the world 's most fascinating stories
2	the world 's
2	world 's
4	most fascinating stories
4	fascinating stories
0	made it dull , lifeless , and irritating
0	it dull , lifeless , and irritating
0	dull , lifeless , and irritating
0	dull , lifeless
1	, lifeless
1	, and irritating
3	, and
2	Granddad of Le Nouvelle Vague , Jean-Luc Godard continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek .
2	Granddad of Le Nouvelle Vague
2	of Le Nouvelle Vague
2	Le Nouvelle Vague
2	Nouvelle Vague
2	, Jean-Luc Godard continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek .
2	Jean-Luc Godard continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek .
2	Jean-Luc Godard
1	continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek .
2	continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek
1	to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek
2	baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek
2	baffle the faithful
3	the faithful
2	with his games of hide-and-seek
2	his games of hide-and-seek
2	his games
2	of hide-and-seek
0	This loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .
0	This loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses
1	This loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy
0	loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy
3	loud and thoroughly
2	loud and
1	obnoxious comedy
1	about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses
2	a pair of squabbling working-class spouses
2	a pair
2	of squabbling working-class spouses
2	squabbling working-class spouses
2	working-class spouses
0	is a deeply unpleasant experience .
0	is a deeply unpleasant experience
0	a deeply unpleasant experience
0	deeply unpleasant experience
0	deeply unpleasant
3	It 's better than The Phantom Menace .
3	's better than The Phantom Menace .
3	's better than The Phantom Menace
3	better than The Phantom Menace
2	than The Phantom Menace
2	The Phantom Menace
2	Phantom Menace
1	But unless you 're an absolute raving Star Wars junkie , it is n't much fun .
1	unless you 're an absolute raving Star Wars junkie , it is n't much fun .
1	unless you 're an absolute raving Star Wars junkie
1	you 're an absolute raving Star Wars junkie
2	're an absolute raving Star Wars junkie
2	an absolute raving Star Wars junkie
2	absolute raving Star Wars junkie
2	raving Star Wars junkie
2	Star Wars junkie
2	Wars junkie
1	, it is n't much fun .
1	it is n't much fun .
1	is n't much fun .
1	is n't much fun
1	is n't
4	much fun
0	Philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .
1	, intellectually and logistically a mess .
0	intellectually and logistically a mess .
2	intellectually and logistically a mess
3	intellectually and logistically
2	intellectually and
0	a mess
1	A standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for De Niro 's participation , would have likely wound up a TNT Original .
2	A standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for De Niro 's participation ,
2	A standard police-oriented drama
2	standard police-oriented drama
2	police-oriented drama
2	that , were it not for De Niro 's participation ,
2	that ,
2	were it not for De Niro 's participation ,
2	were it not for De Niro 's participation
2	were it
2	not for De Niro 's participation
2	for De Niro 's participation
2	De Niro 's participation
2	De Niro 's
2	Niro 's
2	would have likely wound up a TNT Original .
1	would have likely wound up a TNT Original
2	have likely wound up a TNT Original
2	likely wound up a TNT Original
2	wound up a TNT Original
2	wound up
2	a TNT Original
2	TNT Original
1	Coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , Circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
1	Coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting
1	Coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements
0	Coupling disgracefully written dialogue
0	disgracefully written dialogue
2	disgracefully written
1	with flailing bodily movements
2	flailing bodily movements
2	bodily movements
2	that substitute for acting
2	that substitute
2	for acting
1	, Circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
0	Circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
1	is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
1	is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story
2	the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story
0	awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story
1	awkwardly paced
1	soap opera-ish story
1	opera-ish story
1	Hollywood Ending just is n't very funny .
2	Hollywood Ending
1	just is n't very funny .
1	is n't very funny .
1	is n't very funny
1	is n't
4	very funny
1	Though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
3	Though clearly well-intentioned
3	clearly well-intentioned
1	, this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
0	this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
2	this cross-cultural soap opera
2	cross-cultural soap opera
1	soap opera
1	is painfully formulaic and stilted .
0	is painfully formulaic and stilted
0	painfully formulaic and stilted
1	formulaic and stilted
2	formulaic and
1	A technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .
4	A technical triumph and an extraordinary
4	A technical triumph and
2	A technical triumph
4	technical triumph
3	an extraordinary
1	bore .
4	I can easily imagine Benigni 's Pinocchio becoming a Christmas perennial .
4	can easily imagine Benigni 's Pinocchio becoming a Christmas perennial .
4	can easily imagine Benigni 's Pinocchio becoming a Christmas perennial
2	can easily
3	imagine Benigni 's Pinocchio becoming a Christmas perennial
2	Benigni 's Pinocchio becoming a Christmas perennial
2	Benigni 's Pinocchio
2	Benigni 's
3	becoming a Christmas perennial
3	a Christmas perennial
3	Christmas perennial
1	Coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings .
1	Coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings
2	Coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and
2	Coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be
1	is n't as easy to come by as it used to be
1	is n't
2	as easy to come by as it used to be
2	easy to come by as it used to be
2	to come by as it used to be
2	come by as it used to be
2	by as it used to be
2	as it used to be
2	it used to be
2	used to be
2	to be
1	this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings
2	would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings
2	be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings
2	a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings
4	a worthy substitute
3	worthy substitute
2	for naughty children 's stockings
2	naughty children 's stockings
1	naughty children 's
2	children 's
0	Two hours of junk .
0	Two hours of junk
2	Two hours
1	of junk
2	Ends up being mostly about ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and Joan 's wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr .
2	Ends up being mostly about ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and Joan 's wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr
2	up being mostly about ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and Joan 's wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr
2	being mostly about ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and Joan 's wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr
2	mostly about ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and Joan 's wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr
2	about ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and Joan 's wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr
3	ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and Joan 's wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr
4	ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and
3	ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design
3	ravishing costumes , eye-filling ,
3	ravishing costumes , eye-filling
3	ravishing costumes ,
3	ravishing costumes
2	wide-screen production design
2	production design
2	Joan 's wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr
2	Joan 's
2	wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr
2	decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr
1	to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr
2	stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr
2	stand by her man ,
2	stand by her man
2	by her man
2	her man
2	no matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr
1	matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr
2	how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr
2	how many times
2	how many
1	he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr
2	demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr
1	that he 's a disloyal satyr
2	he 's a disloyal satyr
2	's a disloyal satyr
2	a disloyal satyr
2	disloyal satyr
2	Self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable .
2	Self-congratulatory , misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable
2	Self-congratulatory ,
1	misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable
1	misguided , and ill-informed , if
1	misguided , and ill-informed ,
2	misguided , and ill-informed
1	misguided , and
2	misguided ,
3	nonetheless compulsively watchable
3	compulsively watchable
1	A clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .
0	A clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem
0	A clumsily manufactured exploitation flick ,
0	A clumsily manufactured exploitation flick
1	clumsily manufactured exploitation flick
2	manufactured exploitation flick
1	exploitation flick
2	a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem
2	a style-free exercise
2	style-free exercise
1	in manipulation and mayhem
2	manipulation and mayhem
2	manipulation and
1	The whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... -LRB- it -RRB- comes off like a Hallmark commercial .
1	The whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... -LRB- it -RRB- comes off like a Hallmark commercial
0	The whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ...
1	The whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey
2	The whole affair , true story or not ,
2	The whole affair
2	whole affair
2	, true story or not ,
2	true story or not ,
2	true story or not
2	true story or
2	true story
1	feels incredibly hokey
1	incredibly hokey
2	-LRB- it -RRB- comes off like a Hallmark commercial
1	it -RRB- comes off like a Hallmark commercial
1	-RRB- comes off like a Hallmark commercial
1	comes off like a Hallmark commercial
2	comes off
2	like a Hallmark commercial
2	a Hallmark commercial
1	Hallmark commercial
1	What 's missing is what we call the ` wow ' factor .
1	What 's missing
2	's missing
3	is what we call the ` wow ' factor .
3	is what we call the ` wow ' factor
3	what we call the ` wow ' factor
3	we call the ` wow ' factor
3	call the ` wow ' factor
1	the ` wow ' factor
3	` wow ' factor
3	wow ' factor
2	' factor
1	The nicest thing that can be said about Stealing Harvard -LRB- which might have been called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog -RRB- is that it 's not as obnoxious as Tom Green 's Freddie Got Fingered .
1	The nicest thing that can be said about Stealing Harvard -LRB- which might have been called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog -RRB-
2	The nicest thing that can be said about Stealing Harvard
3	The nicest thing
2	nicest thing
2	that can be said about Stealing Harvard
2	can be said about Stealing Harvard
2	be said about Stealing Harvard
2	said about Stealing Harvard
2	about Stealing Harvard
2	Stealing Harvard
1	-LRB- which might have been called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog -RRB-
1	which might have been called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog -RRB-
1	which might have been called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog
1	might have been called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog
1	have been called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog
0	been called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog
1	called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog
1	Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog
0	Freddy Gets Molested
1	Gets Molested
2	by a Dog
2	a Dog
2	is that it 's not as obnoxious as Tom Green 's Freddie Got Fingered .
1	is that it 's not as obnoxious as Tom Green 's Freddie Got Fingered
2	that it 's not as obnoxious as Tom Green 's Freddie Got Fingered
2	it 's not as obnoxious as Tom Green 's Freddie Got Fingered
1	's not as obnoxious as Tom Green 's Freddie Got Fingered
2	's not
1	as obnoxious as Tom Green 's Freddie Got Fingered
1	obnoxious as Tom Green 's Freddie Got Fingered
2	as Tom Green 's Freddie Got Fingered
1	Tom Green 's Freddie Got Fingered
2	Tom Green 's
2	Green 's
2	Freddie Got Fingered
2	Got Fingered
1	... Tara Reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant , so I do n't know what she 's doing in here ...
2	Tara Reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant , so I do n't know what she 's doing in here ...
1	Tara Reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant , so I do n't know what she 's doing in here
2	Tara Reid plays a college journalist , but
1	Tara Reid plays a college journalist ,
2	Tara Reid plays a college journalist
2	Tara Reid
2	plays a college journalist
2	a college journalist
2	college journalist
3	she looks like the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant , so I do n't know what she 's doing in here
1	looks like the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant , so I do n't know what she 's doing in here
2	looks like the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant ,
2	looks like the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant
2	like the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant
2	the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant
3	the six-time winner
2	six-time winner
2	of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant
2	the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant
2	Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant
2	Hawaiian Tropic Pageant
2	Tropic Pageant
1	so I do n't know what she 's doing in here
1	I do n't know what she 's doing in here
1	do n't know what she 's doing in here
2	do n't
2	know what she 's doing in here
2	what she 's doing in here
2	she 's doing in here
2	's doing in here
2	doing in here
2	in here
1	The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .
0	The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient
1	The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ;
1	The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant
1	The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ;
1	The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative
3	The young stars are too cute ;
2	The young stars are too cute
2	The young stars
2	young stars
3	are too cute
2	too cute
1	the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative
2	the story and ensuing complications
2	the story and
2	the story
2	ensuing complications
2	are too manipulative
1	too manipulative
1	the message is too blatant
2	the message
1	is too blatant
1	too blatant
2	the resolutions are too convenient
1	the resolutions
2	are too convenient
1	too convenient
1	Normally , Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .
1	Normally , Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable
2	Normally , Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but
2	Normally , Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me ,
2	Normally , Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me
4	, Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me
3	Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me
2	Rohmer 's talky films
2	Rohmer 's
1	talky films
3	fascinate me
1	when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable
2	when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text
2	he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text
2	moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text
2	moves his setting to the past , and
2	moves his setting to the past ,
2	moves his setting to the past
2	moves his setting
2	his setting
2	to the past
2	the past
2	relies on a historical text
2	on a historical text
2	a historical text
2	historical text
1	, he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable
2	he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable
2	loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable
3	the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable
3	the richness of characterization
3	the richness
2	of characterization
4	that makes his films so memorable
4	makes his films so memorable
3	his films so memorable
3	his films
3	so memorable
2	I highly recommend Irwin , but not in the way this film showcases him .
2	I highly recommend Irwin , but not in the way this film showcases him
3	I highly recommend Irwin , but
4	I highly recommend Irwin ,
4	I highly recommend Irwin
4	highly recommend Irwin
2	recommend Irwin
1	not in the way this film showcases him
2	not in the way
2	in the way
2	the way
2	this film showcases him
2	this film
2	showcases him
0	It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie , but Resident Evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .
1	It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie , but Resident Evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure
0	It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie , but
1	It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie ,
0	It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie
0	's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie
1	been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie
3	been 13 months and 295 preview screenings
2	13 months and 295 preview screenings
2	13 months and
2	13 months
2	295 preview screenings
2	preview screenings
2	since I last walked out on a movie
0	I last walked out on a movie
1	last walked out on a movie
0	walked out on a movie
0	walked out
2	on a movie
2	a movie
2	Resident Evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure
3	Resident Evil
1	really earned my indignant , preemptive departure
0	earned my indignant , preemptive departure
1	my indignant , preemptive departure
2	indignant , preemptive departure
2	, preemptive departure
2	preemptive departure
1	This picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer .
3	This picture
0	is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer .
1	is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer
2	is mostly
1	a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer
1	a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity
2	a lump
1	of run-of-the-mill profanity
1	run-of-the-mill profanity
1	sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer
1	sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy
2	sprinkled with a few remarks so geared
2	with a few remarks so geared
2	a few remarks so geared
2	a few remarks
2	few remarks
2	so geared
2	toward engendering audience sympathy
2	engendering audience sympathy
2	audience sympathy
2	that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer
1	you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer
2	might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer
2	think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer
2	he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer
2	was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer
2	running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer
2	running for office -- or
2	running for office --
2	running for office
2	for office
2	trying to win over a probation officer
2	to win over a probation officer
2	win over a probation officer
2	over a probation officer
2	a probation officer
2	probation officer
2	Malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain .
2	does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain .
2	does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain
2	have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain
2	a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain
3	a gift for generating nightmarish images
3	a gift
2	for generating nightmarish images
1	generating nightmarish images
2	nightmarish images
1	that will be hard to burn out of your brain
1	will be hard to burn out of your brain
1	be hard to burn out of your brain
1	hard to burn out of your brain
0	to burn out of your brain
1	burn out of your brain
3	burn out
2	of your brain
2	your brain
1	But the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
1	the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
2	the movie 's narrative hook
2	the movie 's
2	movie 's
2	narrative hook
1	is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
0	is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure
2	is way too
2	way too
3	muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure
3	to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure
3	be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure
3	an effectively chilling guilty pleasure
3	effectively chilling guilty pleasure
3	effectively chilling
2	guilty pleasure
3	Though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen The Hunger or Cat People will find little new here , but a tasty performance from Vincent Gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .
2	Though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen The Hunger or Cat People will find little new here , but a tasty performance from Vincent Gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary
2	Though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen The Hunger or Cat People will find little new here , but
1	Though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen The Hunger or Cat People will find little new here ,
1	Though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen The Hunger or Cat People will find little new here
2	Though it goes further than both
3	it goes further than both
2	goes further than both
3	goes further
2	than both
2	, anyone who has seen The Hunger or Cat People will find little new here
1	anyone who has seen The Hunger or Cat People will find little new here
2	anyone who has seen The Hunger or Cat People
2	who has seen The Hunger or Cat People
2	has seen The Hunger or Cat People
2	seen The Hunger or Cat People
2	The Hunger or Cat People
2	Hunger or Cat People
2	or Cat People
2	Cat People
1	will find little new here
2	find little new here
1	find little new
2	little new
3	a tasty performance from Vincent Gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary
3	a tasty performance from Vincent Gallo
3	a tasty performance
3	tasty performance
2	from Vincent Gallo
2	Vincent Gallo
3	lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary
2	this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary
2	this tale
2	of cannibal lust above the ordinary
3	cannibal lust above the ordinary
2	cannibal lust
3	above the ordinary
2	the ordinary
1	A Blair Witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast .
0	A Blair Witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast
2	A Blair Witch -
2	A Blair Witch
2	Blair Witch
1	style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast
2	style adventure
1	that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast
0	plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast
0	plays like a bad soap opera ,
0	plays like a bad soap opera
1	like a bad soap opera
1	a bad soap opera
0	bad soap opera
1	soap opera
3	with passable performances from everyone in the cast
2	passable performances from everyone in the cast
2	passable performances
2	from everyone in the cast
2	everyone in the cast
2	in the cast
2	the cast
0	Diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
1	wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
1	wears out
1	her welcome in her most charmless performance
2	welcome in her most charmless performance
1	welcome in her most charmless
1	in her most charmless
1	her most charmless
1	most charmless
1	It is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .
3	is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .
2	is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished
1	is too bad
1	too bad
3	that this likable movie is n't more accomplished
2	this likable movie is n't more accomplished
3	this likable movie
3	likable movie
2	is n't more accomplished
1	is n't
3	more accomplished
0	The actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
2	The actors
0	try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
1	try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward
1	try hard but
1	try hard
1	come off too amateurish and awkward
2	come off
1	too amateurish and awkward
1	too amateurish and
1	too amateurish
1	The plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling .
1	The plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling
1	The plot has a number of holes , and
1	The plot has a number of holes ,
1	The plot has a number of holes
2	The plot
1	has a number of holes
1	a number of holes
2	a number
2	of holes
1	at times it 's simply baffling
2	at times
1	it 's simply baffling
2	's simply baffling
2	's simply
1	An ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .
1	An ill-conceived
0	jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .
1	jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging
0	that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging
1	's not scary , not smart and not engaging
1	not scary , not smart and not engaging
1	not scary
2	, not smart and not engaging
0	not smart and not engaging
1	not smart and
0	not smart
1	not engaging
1	Brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , Deuces Wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism .
3	Brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , Deuces Wild represents
2	Brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama ,
3	Brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama
3	Brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top ,
2	Brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top
1	Brainless , but
1	Brainless ,
4	enjoyably over-the-top
1	the retro gang melodrama
2	retro gang melodrama
2	gang melodrama
2	Deuces Wild represents
2	Deuces Wild
2	fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism .
2	fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism
2	fifties teen-gang machismo
2	teen-gang machismo
2	in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism
2	a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism
2	a way
1	that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism
3	borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism
2	on rough-trade homo-eroticism
1	rough-trade homo-eroticism
1	Gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .
0	bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .
1	bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing
1	bogged down
1	by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing
1	an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing
1	an overly sillified plot and
1	an overly sillified plot
1	overly sillified plot
2	overly sillified
1	stop-and-start pacing
2	`` What John does is heroic , but we do n't condone it , '' one of the film 's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia .
4	What John does is heroic , but we do n't condone it , '' one of the film 's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia .
2	What John does is heroic , but we do n't condone it
2	What John does is heroic , but
3	What John does is heroic ,
3	What John does is heroic
2	What John does
2	John does
4	is heroic
2	we do n't condone it
2	do n't condone it
2	do n't
2	condone it
2	, '' one of the film 's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia .
0	'' one of the film 's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia .
0	one of the film 's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia .
2	one of the film 's stars
2	of the film 's stars
2	the film 's stars
2	the film 's
2	film 's
1	recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia .
1	recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia
2	recently said ,
2	recently said
1	a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia
2	a tortuous comment
2	tortuous comment
1	that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia
2	perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia
1	illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia
2	the picture 's moral schizophrenia
2	the picture 's
2	picture 's
1	moral schizophrenia
1	Like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .
2	Like coming into a long-running
2	coming into a long-running
2	into a long-running
2	a long-running
1	, well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .
1	well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .
2	well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably
2	well-written television series
2	television series
2	where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably
1	you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably
2	've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably
2	missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably
2	the first half-dozen episodes and probably
2	the first half-dozen episodes and
2	the first half-dozen episodes
2	first half-dozen episodes
2	half-dozen episodes
2	wo n't see the next six .
1	wo n't see the next six
2	wo n't
2	see the next six
2	the next six
2	next six
1	Its generic villains lack any intrigue -LRB- other than their funny accents -RRB- and the action scenes are poorly delivered .
0	Its generic villains lack any intrigue -LRB- other than their funny accents -RRB- and the action scenes are poorly delivered
0	Its generic villains lack any intrigue -LRB- other than their funny accents -RRB- and
1	Its generic villains lack any intrigue -LRB- other than their funny accents -RRB-
2	Its generic villains
1	generic villains
1	lack any intrigue -LRB- other than their funny accents -RRB-
2	any intrigue -LRB- other than their funny accents -RRB-
2	any intrigue
2	-LRB- other than their funny accents -RRB-
2	other than their funny accents -RRB-
2	other than their funny accents
3	than their funny accents
2	their funny accents
2	funny accents
1	the action scenes are poorly delivered
2	the action scenes
3	action scenes
1	are poorly delivered
1	are poorly
0	Dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .
0	Dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material
1	Dripping with cliche and
1	Dripping with cliche
1	with cliche
1	bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material
2	no opportunity to trivialize the material
2	opportunity to trivialize the material
1	to trivialize the material
2	trivialize the material
2	the material
1	Hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the Halloween series has lost its edge .
1	Hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the Halloween series has lost its edge
2	Hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ...
3	Hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like
2	Hard-core slasher aficionados
2	slasher aficionados
3	will find things to like
2	find things to like
3	things to like
3	to like
1	but overall the Halloween series has lost its edge
1	overall the Halloween series has lost its edge
1	the Halloween series has lost its edge
2	the Halloween series
2	Halloween series
1	has lost its edge
1	lost its edge
2	its edge
0	Stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .
1	Stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily
1	Stiff and
0	schmaltzy and clumsily
2	schmaltzy and
2	directed .
1	The story the movie tells is of Brian De Palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .
2	The story the movie tells
2	The story
2	the movie tells
2	the movie
1	is of Brian De Palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .
0	is of Brian De Palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career
2	is of Brian De Palma 's addiction
2	of Brian De Palma 's addiction
2	Brian De Palma 's addiction
2	Brian De Palma 's
2	De Palma 's
2	Palma 's
1	to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career
1	the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career
1	the junk-calorie suspense tropes
1	junk-calorie suspense tropes
2	suspense tropes
1	that have all but ruined his career
1	have all but ruined his career
2	have all but
2	all but
1	ruined his career
2	his career
2	Too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could 've been an impacting film .
1	Too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations
1	Too many improbabilities and
1	Too many improbabilities
1	many improbabilities
2	rose-colored situations
1	temper what could 've been an impacting film .
1	temper what could 've been an impacting film
1	what could 've been an impacting film
2	could 've been an impacting film
2	've been an impacting film
3	been an impacting film
3	an impacting film
3	impacting film
2	Generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it 's not without style .
0	Generic slasher-movie nonsense
2	slasher-movie nonsense
2	, but it 's not without style .
3	, but it 's not without style
2	, but
2	it 's not without style
3	's not without style
2	's not
1	without style
1	With tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .
1	With tiny little jokes and nary an original idea
1	tiny little jokes and nary an original idea
2	tiny little jokes and
2	tiny little jokes
3	little jokes
0	nary an original idea
3	an original idea
2	original idea
2	, this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .
1	this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .
2	this sappy ethnic sleeper
1	sappy ethnic sleeper
3	ethnic sleeper
1	proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .
1	proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool
1	that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool
2	not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool
2	not only blockbusters
2	only blockbusters
1	pollute the summer movie pool
2	the summer movie pool
2	summer movie pool
2	movie pool
1	It sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .
0	sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .
1	sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations
1	sticks rigidly to the paradigm ,
2	sticks rigidly to the paradigm
2	sticks rigidly
2	to the paradigm
2	the paradigm
1	rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations
1	permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations
2	permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly
2	permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and
2	permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions
2	permitting its characters more
2	permitting its characters
2	its characters
2	than two obvious dimensions
2	two obvious dimensions
2	obvious dimensions
2	placing them in contrived , well-worn situations
2	placing them
2	in contrived , well-worn situations
1	contrived , well-worn situations
2	, well-worn situations
1	well-worn situations
1	Ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?
1	Ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one
1	see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one
0	one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one
1	of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one
1	those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one
2	those comedies
0	that just seem like a bad idea from frame one
1	just seem like a bad idea from frame one
0	seem like a bad idea from frame one
0	like a bad idea from frame one
0	a bad idea from frame one
0	a bad idea
0	bad idea
2	from frame one
3	frame one
0	Once Ice-T sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .
1	Once Ice-T sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue
1	Ice-T sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue
1	sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue
2	sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and
2	sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW
2	sticks his mug
2	his mug
2	in the window of the couple 's BMW
2	the window of the couple 's BMW
2	the window
2	of the couple 's BMW
2	the couple 's BMW
2	the couple 's
2	couple 's
1	begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue
1	haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue
2	haranguing the wife
2	the wife
1	in bad stage dialogue
1	bad stage dialogue
2	stage dialogue
1	, all credibility flies out the window .
1	all credibility flies out the window .
2	all credibility
2	flies out the window .
1	flies out the window
2	flies out
2	the window
2	The best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding .
3	The best drug addition movies
2	The best drug
2	best drug
2	addition movies
2	are usually depressing but rewarding .
2	are usually depressing but rewarding
3	are usually
3	depressing but rewarding
1	depressing but
1	Quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
1	, however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
0	however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
2	, manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
1	manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
1	manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance
2	manages just
2	to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance
0	be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance
1	be depressing ,
1	be depressing
2	as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance
0	the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance
2	the lead actor phones
2	lead actor phones
2	actor phones
2	in his autobiographical performance
2	his autobiographical performance
2	autobiographical performance
0	It would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .
0	would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .
0	would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi
0	be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi
1	great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi
0	to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi
0	see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi
1	see this turd squashed
0	this turd squashed
1	turd squashed
2	under a truck , preferably a semi
2	a truck , preferably a semi
2	a truck , preferably
2	a truck ,
2	a truck
2	a semi
2	In the end , all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is .
2	In the end
2	the end
2	, all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is .
1	all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is .
2	all you can do
2	you can do
2	can do
2	is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is .
1	is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is
1	admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is
3	admire the ensemble players and
3	admire the ensemble players
2	the ensemble players
2	ensemble players
1	wonder what the point of it is
2	what the point of it is
2	the point of it is
2	the point of it
2	the point
2	of it
0	For most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .
0	For most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence
1	For most movies , 84 minutes is short , but
1	For most movies , 84 minutes is short ,
1	For most movies , 84 minutes is short
2	For most movies
2	most movies
3	, 84 minutes is short
3	84 minutes is short
2	84 minutes
2	is short
0	this one feels like a life sentence
2	this one
2	feels like a life sentence
2	like a life sentence
2	a life sentence
2	life sentence
2	While Glover , the irrepressible eccentric of River 's Edge , Dead Man and Back to the Future , is perfect casting for the role , he represents Bartleby 's main overall flaw .
4	While Glover , the irrepressible eccentric of River 's Edge , Dead Man and Back to the Future , is perfect casting for the role
4	Glover , the irrepressible eccentric of River 's Edge , Dead Man and Back to the Future , is perfect casting for the role
3	Glover , the irrepressible eccentric of River 's Edge , Dead Man and Back to the Future ,
2	Glover , the irrepressible eccentric of River 's Edge , Dead Man and Back to the Future
2	Glover ,
3	the irrepressible eccentric of River 's Edge , Dead Man and Back to the Future
2	the irrepressible eccentric
2	irrepressible eccentric
2	of River 's Edge , Dead Man and Back to the Future
2	of River 's Edge , Dead Man
2	River 's Edge , Dead Man
2	River 's
2	Edge , Dead Man
2	, Dead Man
1	Dead Man
2	and Back to the Future
2	Back to the Future
2	to the Future
2	the Future
3	is perfect casting for the role
3	is perfect
3	casting for the role
2	for the role
2	the role
2	, he represents Bartleby 's main overall flaw .
2	he represents Bartleby 's main overall flaw .
1	represents Bartleby 's main overall flaw .
2	represents Bartleby 's main overall flaw
2	Bartleby 's main overall flaw
2	Bartleby 's
2	main overall flaw
1	overall flaw
1	Shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was .
0	is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was .
1	is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was
2	is probably
0	the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was
3	the funniest person
3	funniest person
1	in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was
1	the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was
2	the film ,
2	the film
1	which gives you an idea just how bad it was
1	gives you an idea just how bad it was
2	gives you an idea
2	gives you
2	an idea
0	just how bad it was
1	just how bad
2	how bad
2	it was
0	Tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .
1	Tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident
1	so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident
2	hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident
1	to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident
2	be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident
3	be quirky and funny
3	quirky and funny
2	quirky and
2	that the strain is all too evident
1	the strain is all too evident
2	the strain
2	is all too evident
2	is all
1	too evident
3	As immaculate as Stuart Little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .
2	As immaculate as Stuart Little 2 is
2	immaculate as Stuart Little 2 is
2	immaculate as Stuart Little 2
2	as Stuart Little 2
2	Stuart Little 2
2	Little 2
1	, it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .
1	it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .
2	could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .
2	could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous
2	be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous
1	a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous
3	a lot better
2	a lot
2	if it were , well , more adventurous
3	it were , well , more adventurous
2	were , well , more adventurous
2	were , well ,
2	were , well
2	were ,
3	more adventurous
1	Simply a re-hash of the other seven films .
1	Simply a re-hash of the other seven films
1	a re-hash of the other seven films
1	a re-hash
2	of the other seven films
2	the other seven films
2	other seven films
2	seven films
0	With jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , Yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
2	With jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics
2	jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics
2	jump cuts , fast editing and
1	jump cuts , fast editing
2	jump cuts ,
2	jump cuts
2	fast editing
2	lots of pyrotechnics
2	of pyrotechnics
1	, Yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
0	Yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
0	clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
0	hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
0	hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is
0	to camouflage how bad his movie is
0	camouflage how bad his movie is
0	how bad his movie is
2	how bad
2	his movie is
2	his movie
1	He fails .
1	fails .
2	I found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done .
2	found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done .
2	found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done
2	myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done
2	more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done
2	appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done
2	of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done
2	of what
2	the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done
2	the director
1	was trying to do than of what he had actually done
2	trying to do than of what he had actually done
2	to do than of what he had actually done
2	do than of what he had actually done
2	than of what he had actually done
2	of what he had actually done
2	what he had actually done
2	he had actually done
2	had actually done
2	had actually
0	A very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .
1	A very depressing movie of many
0	A very depressing movie
0	very depressing movie
1	very depressing
2	of many
1	missed opportunities .
2	missed opportunities
1	Goes on and on to the point of nausea .
1	Goes on and on to the point of nausea
1	on and on to the point of nausea
2	on and on
2	on and
0	to the point of nausea
0	the point of nausea
2	the point
2	of nausea
1	By turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .
0	turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .
1	turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy
1	numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy
1	dull-witted and disquietingly creepy
1	dull-witted and disquietingly
1	dull-witted and
0	Boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .
2	Boy ,
2	has this franchise ever run out of gas .
2	has this franchise ever run out of gas
2	has this franchise ever
2	this franchise ever
2	this franchise
1	run out of gas
2	run out
2	of gas
1	One problem with the movie , directed by Joel Schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .
1	One problem with the movie , directed by Joel Schumacher ,
1	One problem with the movie , directed by Joel Schumacher
1	One problem with the movie ,
1	One problem with the movie
2	One problem
2	with the movie
2	the movie
2	directed by Joel Schumacher
2	by Joel Schumacher
2	Joel Schumacher
1	is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .
1	is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time
1	that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time
2	it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time
1	jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time
1	jams too many prefabricated story elements
1	too many prefabricated story elements
1	too many
1	prefabricated story elements
2	story elements
2	into the running time
2	the running time
2	running time
0	The comedy is nonexistent .
3	The comedy
1	is nonexistent .
2	is nonexistent
1	... a bland , pretentious mess .
0	a bland , pretentious mess .
1	a bland
0	, pretentious mess .
0	pretentious mess .
1	pretentious mess
1	It 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .
0	's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .
0	's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame
1	a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame
1	a pedestrian , flat drama
0	pedestrian , flat drama
1	, flat drama
2	flat drama
0	that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame
1	screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame
2	screams out
1	` amateur ' in almost every frame
1	amateur ' in almost every frame
2	amateur '
2	in almost every frame
2	almost every frame
2	every frame
1	A bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .
1	A bland animated sequel that
0	A bland animated sequel
0	bland animated sequel
2	animated sequel
1	hardly seems worth the effort .
3	seems worth the effort .
3	seems worth the effort
3	worth the effort
2	the effort
0	It 's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .
1	It 's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate
1	It 's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned --
0	It 's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned
1	's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned
2	's not
2	just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned
2	just the vampires
3	the vampires
1	that are damned in Queen of the Damned
2	are damned in Queen of the Damned
1	damned in Queen of the Damned
2	in Queen of the Damned
2	Queen of the Damned
2	of the Damned
2	the Damned
1	the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate
2	the viewers
2	will feel they suffer the same fate
2	feel they suffer the same fate
2	they suffer the same fate
1	suffer the same fate
2	the same fate
2	same fate
1	If religious films are n't your bailiwick , stay away .
2	If religious films are n't your bailiwick
2	religious films are n't your bailiwick
2	religious films
1	are n't your bailiwick
1	are n't
2	your bailiwick
0	, stay away .
0	stay away .
0	stay away
1	Otherwise , this could be a passable date film .
3	, this could be a passable date film .
2	this could be a passable date film .
2	could be a passable date film .
3	could be a passable date film
3	be a passable date film
3	a passable date film
2	passable date film
2	date film
0	This is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
1	is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
1	is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
0	the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
2	the case
0	of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
1	a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
2	a pregnant premise
2	pregnant premise
1	being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
0	wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
0	by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
0	a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
2	a script
0	that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
0	takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
2	takes few chances and
2	takes few chances
2	few chances
0	manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
0	to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
0	insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
0	insult the intelligence of everyone
2	the intelligence of everyone
2	the intelligence
2	of everyone
2	in the audience
2	the audience
2	The pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything .
2	The pace and the visuals
2	The pace and
2	The pace
2	the visuals
2	are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything .
2	are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything
0	so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything
2	hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything
2	hyped up
2	that a curious sense of menace informs everything
2	a curious sense of menace informs everything
2	a curious sense of menace
2	a curious sense
2	curious sense
2	of menace
2	informs everything
1	Stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .
1	Stuffy , full of itself ,
0	Stuffy , full of itself
1	Stuffy ,
1	full of itself
2	of itself
1	morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .
1	morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about
2	ambiguous and nothing to shout about
3	ambiguous and nothing
2	ambiguous and
2	to shout about
2	shout about
1	It is most of the things Costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .
1	It is most of the things Costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it
2	It is most of the things Costner movies are known for ;
2	It is most of the things Costner movies are known for
2	is most of the things Costner movies are known for
2	most of the things Costner movies are known for
3	of the things Costner movies are known for
2	the things Costner movies are known for
2	the things
2	Costner movies are known for
2	Costner movies
2	are known for
2	known for
0	it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it
1	's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it
2	's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love
1	's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager
2	sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager
1	sanctimonious , self-righteous and
1	sanctimonious , self-righteous
2	sanctimonious ,
2	so eager
2	to earn our love
3	earn our love
2	our love
1	that you want to slap it
1	you want to slap it
1	want to slap it
2	to slap it
2	slap it
1	Do n't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that Hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .
2	Do n't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that Hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action
2	Do n't let the subtitles fool you ;
2	Do n't let the subtitles fool you
1	Do n't
1	let the subtitles fool you
1	the subtitles fool you
2	the subtitles
2	fool you
1	the movie only proves that Hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action
2	the movie
2	only proves that Hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action
2	proves that Hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action
0	that Hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action
2	Hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action
2	no longer has a monopoly on mindless action
2	no longer
1	has a monopoly on mindless action
1	a monopoly on mindless action
2	a monopoly
1	on mindless action
1	mindless action
1	Chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack .
2	Chai 's structure and pacing
2	Chai 's
2	structure and pacing
3	structure and
2	are disconcertingly slack .
2	are disconcertingly slack
1	disconcertingly slack
1	To be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed .
1	To be oblivious to the existence of this film
1	be oblivious to the existence of this film
1	oblivious to the existence of this film
2	to the existence of this film
2	the existence of this film
2	the existence
2	of this film
2	this film
2	would be very sweet indeed .
3	would be very sweet indeed
3	be very sweet indeed
3	be very sweet
3	very sweet
0	The director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .
1	The director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing ,
0	The director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing
2	The director ,
2	The director
1	with his fake backdrops and stately pacing
1	his fake backdrops and stately pacing
2	his fake backdrops and
1	his fake backdrops
1	fake backdrops
2	stately pacing
2	never settles on a consistent tone .
3	settles on a consistent tone .
2	settles on a consistent tone
2	on a consistent tone
3	a consistent tone
2	consistent tone
2	One just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters .
1	just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters .
1	waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters .
1	waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters
2	waits grimly for the next shock
1	grimly for the next shock
2	for the next shock
2	the next shock
2	next shock
2	without developing much attachment to the characters
2	developing much attachment to the characters
2	developing much attachment
2	much attachment
2	to the characters
2	the characters
1	Instead of panoramic sweep , Kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .
2	Instead of panoramic sweep
2	of panoramic sweep
2	panoramic sweep
1	, Kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .
1	Kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .
1	gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .
1	gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust
2	gives us
1	episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust
1	episodic choppiness ,
1	episodic choppiness
3	undermining the story 's emotional thrust
2	the story 's emotional thrust
2	the story 's
2	story 's
2	emotional thrust
1	The director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in -LRB- the characters ' -RRB- misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .
2	The director
2	seems to take an unseemly pleasure in -LRB- the characters ' -RRB- misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .
1	seems to take an unseemly pleasure in -LRB- the characters ' -RRB- misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it
2	to take an unseemly pleasure in -LRB- the characters ' -RRB- misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it
2	take an unseemly pleasure in -LRB- the characters ' -RRB- misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it
2	take an unseemly pleasure
3	an unseemly pleasure
2	unseemly pleasure
2	in -LRB- the characters ' -RRB- misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it
2	in -LRB- the characters ' -RRB- misery and
1	in -LRB- the characters ' -RRB- misery
1	-LRB- the characters ' -RRB- misery
2	-LRB- the characters ' -RRB-
2	the characters ' -RRB-
2	the characters '
2	characters '
2	at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it
2	the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it
3	same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it
3	time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it
4	to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it
3	congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it
2	congratulate himself
2	for having the guts to confront it
2	having the guts to confront it
2	the guts to confront it
2	the guts
2	to confront it
3	confront it
1	This dubious product of a college-spawned -LRB- Colgate U. -RRB- comedy ensemble known as Broken Lizard plays like a mix of Cheech and Chong and CHiPs .
2	This dubious product of a college-spawned -LRB- Colgate U. -RRB- comedy ensemble known as Broken Lizard
1	This dubious product
1	dubious product
2	of a college-spawned -LRB- Colgate U. -RRB- comedy ensemble known as Broken Lizard
2	a college-spawned -LRB- Colgate U. -RRB- comedy ensemble known as Broken Lizard
2	a college-spawned -LRB- Colgate U. -RRB- comedy ensemble
2	college-spawned -LRB- Colgate U. -RRB- comedy ensemble
2	-LRB- Colgate U. -RRB- comedy ensemble
2	-LRB- Colgate U. -RRB-
2	Colgate U. -RRB-
2	Colgate U.
3	comedy ensemble
2	known as Broken Lizard
2	as Broken Lizard
2	Broken Lizard
2	plays like a mix of Cheech and Chong and CHiPs .
2	plays like a mix of Cheech and Chong and CHiPs
2	plays like a mix of Cheech and Chong and
2	plays like a mix of Cheech and Chong
3	like a mix of Cheech and Chong
2	a mix of Cheech and Chong
2	a mix
2	of Cheech and Chong
2	Cheech and Chong
2	Cheech and
1	The movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .
2	The movie
1	does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .
1	does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us
1	does n't
2	think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us
2	think much
3	of its characters , its protagonist , or of us
2	of its characters , its protagonist , or
2	of its characters , its protagonist ,
2	its characters , its protagonist ,
2	its characters , its protagonist
2	its characters ,
2	its characters
2	its protagonist
2	of us
2	Super Troopers is an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early Zucker Brothers\/Abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , The Farrelly Brothers .
2	Super Troopers
2	is an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early Zucker Brothers\/Abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , The Farrelly Brothers .
3	is an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early Zucker Brothers\/Abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , The Farrelly Brothers
2	an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early Zucker Brothers\/Abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , The Farrelly Brothers
3	an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early Zucker Brothers\/Abrahams films , and
2	an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early Zucker Brothers\/Abrahams films ,
2	an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early Zucker Brothers\/Abrahams films
2	an odd amalgam of comedy genres ,
2	an odd amalgam of comedy genres
2	an odd amalgam
2	odd amalgam
2	of comedy genres
2	comedy genres
2	existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early Zucker Brothers\/Abrahams films
2	somewhere between the often literal riffs of early Zucker Brothers\/Abrahams films
2	between the often literal riffs of early Zucker Brothers\/Abrahams films
2	the often literal riffs of early Zucker Brothers\/Abrahams films
2	the often literal riffs
2	often literal riffs
2	literal riffs
2	of early Zucker Brothers\/Abrahams films
2	early Zucker Brothers\/Abrahams films
2	Zucker Brothers\/Abrahams films
2	Brothers\/Abrahams films
2	the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , The Farrelly Brothers
1	the decidedly foul stylings
1	decidedly foul stylings
1	decidedly foul
2	of their post-modern contemporaries , The Farrelly Brothers
2	their post-modern contemporaries , The Farrelly Brothers
2	their post-modern contemporaries ,
2	their post-modern contemporaries
2	post-modern contemporaries
2	The Farrelly Brothers
2	Farrelly Brothers
2	... will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks .
2	will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks .
1	will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks
2	will always
2	be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks
1	remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks
2	for the 9-11 terrorist attacks
2	the 9-11 terrorist attacks
2	9-11 terrorist attacks
0	terrorist attacks
0	After seeing the film , I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
2	After seeing the film
2	seeing the film
2	the film
0	, I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
0	I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
1	can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
1	can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
1	tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
3	tell you
1	that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
0	there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
1	's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
1	no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
2	no other reason
2	other reason
1	why anyone should bother remembering it
2	anyone should bother remembering it
2	should bother remembering it
2	bother remembering it
2	remembering it
2	Made me feel uneasy , even queasy , because -LRB- Solondz 's -RRB- cool compassion is on the border of bemused contempt .
1	Made me feel uneasy , even queasy , because -LRB- Solondz 's -RRB- cool compassion
1	me feel uneasy , even queasy , because -LRB- Solondz 's -RRB- cool compassion
1	feel uneasy , even queasy , because -LRB- Solondz 's -RRB- cool compassion
1	feel uneasy , even queasy ,
1	feel uneasy , even queasy
2	uneasy , even queasy
2	, even queasy
1	even queasy
2	because -LRB- Solondz 's -RRB- cool compassion
3	-LRB- Solondz 's -RRB- cool compassion
2	-LRB- Solondz 's -RRB-
2	Solondz 's -RRB-
2	Solondz 's
2	cool compassion
2	is on the border of bemused contempt .
1	is on the border of bemused contempt
2	on the border of bemused contempt
1	the border of bemused contempt
2	the border
2	of bemused contempt
1	bemused contempt
3	As a kind of colorful , dramatized PBS program , Frida gets the job done .
1	As a kind of colorful , dramatized PBS program
2	a kind of colorful , dramatized PBS program
3	a kind
2	of colorful , dramatized PBS program
3	colorful , dramatized PBS program
1	, dramatized PBS program
1	dramatized PBS program
2	PBS program
3	, Frida gets the job done .
4	Frida gets the job done .
3	gets the job done .
3	gets the job done
2	the job done
2	the job
2	But , for that , why not watch a documentary ?
2	, for that , why not watch a documentary ?
2	for that , why not watch a documentary ?
2	for that
2	, why not watch a documentary ?
2	why not watch a documentary ?
2	why not watch a documentary
2	why not
2	watch a documentary
2	a documentary
1	With minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .
1	With minimal imagination
2	minimal imagination
0	, you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .
1	you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .
1	could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .
1	could restage the whole thing in your bathtub
2	restage the whole thing in your bathtub
1	restage the whole thing
2	the whole thing
3	whole thing
2	in your bathtub
2	your bathtub
1	Nights feels more like a quickie TV special than a feature film ... It 's not even a TV special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break .
1	Nights feels more like a quickie TV special than a feature film ... It 's not even a TV special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break
1	Nights feels more like a quickie TV special than a feature film ...
1	Nights feels more like a quickie TV special than a feature film
1	feels more like a quickie TV special than a feature film
2	feels more
1	like a quickie TV special than a feature film
2	a quickie TV special than a feature film
2	a quickie TV special
1	quickie TV special
2	TV special
2	than a feature film
2	a feature film
2	feature film
0	It 's not even a TV special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break
1	's not even a TV special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break
2	's not even a TV
2	's not
2	even a TV
2	a TV
2	special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break
2	you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break
1	'd bother watching past the second commercial break
1	bother watching past the second commercial break
2	watching past the second commercial break
2	past the second commercial break
2	the second commercial break
2	second commercial break
2	commercial break
1	Although ... visually striking and slickly staged , it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
3	Although ... visually striking and slickly staged
3	... visually striking and slickly staged
3	visually striking and slickly staged
2	striking and slickly staged
3	striking and
3	slickly staged
1	, it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
0	it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
1	's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
2	's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated
2	's also
0	cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated
1	cold , grey , antiseptic and
1	cold , grey , antiseptic
2	cold , grey ,
1	cold , grey
1	cold ,
1	emotionally desiccated
2	You can see where Big Bad Love is trying to go , but it never quite gets there .
1	You can see where Big Bad Love is trying to go , but it never quite gets there
2	You can see where Big Bad Love is trying to go , but
2	You can see where Big Bad Love is trying to go ,
2	You can see where Big Bad Love is trying to go
2	can see where Big Bad Love is trying to go
2	see where Big Bad Love is trying to go
2	where Big Bad Love is trying to go
2	Big Bad Love is trying to go
3	Big Bad Love
3	Bad Love
2	is trying to go
2	trying to go
2	to go
1	it never quite gets there
1	never quite gets there
1	never quite
2	gets there
1	Friday After Next is the kind of film that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans .
1	After Next is the kind of film that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans .
3	After Next
1	is the kind of film that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans .
0	is the kind of film that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans
1	the kind of film that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans
2	the kind of film
2	the kind
2	of film
0	that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans
1	could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans
2	could only
1	be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans
2	made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans
1	by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans
1	African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans
1	because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans
1	of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans
2	its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans
1	its broad racial insensitivity
1	broad racial insensitivity
1	racial insensitivity
2	towards African-Americans
1	It 's not as awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor .
1	It 's not as awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor
2	It 's not as awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe ... but
2	It 's not as awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe ...
2	It 's not as awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe
3	's not as awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe
2	's not
1	as awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe
1	awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe
1	as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe
2	some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe
1	of the recent Hollywood trip tripe
2	the recent Hollywood trip tripe
1	recent Hollywood trip tripe
2	Hollywood trip tripe
1	trip tripe
1	it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor
1	's far from a groundbreaking endeavor
0	far from a groundbreaking endeavor
3	from a groundbreaking endeavor
4	a groundbreaking endeavor
3	groundbreaking endeavor
0	The only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time .
2	The only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes
2	The only thing
2	only thing
2	`` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes
3	swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes
4	swept away
2	'' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes
2	is the one hour and thirty-three minutes
2	the one hour and thirty-three minutes
2	the one hour and
2	the one hour
2	one hour
2	thirty-three minutes
0	spent watching this waste of time .
0	spent watching this waste of time
0	watching this waste of time
0	this waste of time
1	this waste
2	of time
1	One-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation .
1	One-sided documentary
2	offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation .
2	offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation
2	offers simplistic explanations
2	simplistic explanations
2	to a very complex situation
3	a very complex situation
2	very complex situation
3	very complex
0	... Stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
0	Stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
0	, the movie is a disaster .
0	the movie is a disaster .
2	the movie
0	is a disaster .
1	is a disaster
0	a disaster
1	The corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .
2	The corpse count
2	corpse count
2	ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .
1	overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .
1	overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption
2	what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption
2	little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption
2	little we
2	learn along the way about vicarious redemption
2	learn along
2	the way about vicarious redemption
2	the way
2	about vicarious redemption
2	vicarious redemption
1	As violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .
2	As violent
0	, profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .
0	profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .
1	profane and exploitative as the most offensive action
1	profane and exploitative
2	profane and
1	as the most offensive action
1	the most offensive action
1	most offensive action
0	most offensive
2	flick you 've ever seen .
2	flick you 've ever seen
3	you 've ever seen
2	've ever seen
2	've ever
2	Egoyan 's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view , but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose .
1	Egoyan 's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view , but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose
2	Egoyan 's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view , but
2	Egoyan 's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view ,
4	Egoyan 's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view
2	Egoyan 's work
2	Egoyan 's
3	often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view
4	elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view
3	elegantly considers various levels of reality and
3	elegantly considers various levels of reality
2	considers various levels of reality
2	various levels of reality
2	various levels
2	of reality
2	uses shifting points of view
2	shifting points of view
2	shifting points
2	of view
1	here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose
1	he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose
1	has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose
1	constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose
2	constructed a film so labyrinthine
2	a film so labyrinthine
2	a film
2	so labyrinthine
1	that it defeats his larger purpose
1	it defeats his larger purpose
2	defeats his larger purpose
2	his larger purpose
2	larger purpose
2	Life or Something Like It has its share of high points , but it misses too many opportunities .
2	Life or Something Like It has its share of high points , but it misses too many opportunities
3	Life or Something Like It has its share of high points , but
3	Life or Something Like It has its share of high points ,
2	Life or Something Like It has its share of high points
2	Life or Something
2	Life or
3	Like It has its share of high points
4	Like It
3	has its share of high points
3	its share of high points
2	its share
2	of high points
3	high points
1	it misses too many opportunities
1	misses too many opportunities
2	too many opportunities
1	too many
1	This is a truly , truly bad movie .
1	is a truly , truly bad movie .
0	is a truly , truly bad movie
0	a truly , truly bad movie
1	truly , truly bad movie
0	truly , truly bad
0	, truly bad
0	truly bad
0	Despite bearing the Paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement European pickup .
2	Despite bearing the Paramount imprint
2	bearing the Paramount imprint
2	the Paramount imprint
1	Paramount imprint
0	, it 's a bargain-basement European pickup .
1	it 's a bargain-basement European pickup .
1	's a bargain-basement European pickup .
0	's a bargain-basement European pickup
1	a bargain-basement European pickup
1	bargain-basement European pickup
2	European pickup
0	What 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .
2	What 's hard to understand
2	's hard to understand
1	hard to understand
2	to understand
1	is why anybody picked it up .
2	is why anybody picked it up
2	why anybody picked it up
2	anybody picked it up
2	picked it up
2	picked it
2	Wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
2	Wiser souls
1	would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
2	have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
2	have tactfully
2	pretended not to see it and left it lying there
1	pretended not to see it and
1	pretended not to see it
1	not to see it
2	to see it
3	see it
2	left it lying there
2	it lying there
2	lying there
1	Believability was n't one of the film 's virtues .
1	was n't one of the film 's virtues .
1	was n't one of the film 's virtues
2	was n't
2	one of the film 's virtues
2	of the film 's virtues
2	the film 's virtues
2	the film 's
2	film 's
0	Sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .
1	Sewer rats
1	could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .
1	could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower
2	watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower
2	watch this movie and
3	watch this movie
2	this movie
2	be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower
3	so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower
1	skeeved out that they 'd need a shower
2	out that they 'd need a shower
2	that they 'd need a shower
2	they 'd need a shower
1	'd need a shower
2	need a shower
2	a shower
1	The Santa Clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
2	The Santa Clause 2 's plot
2	The Santa Clause 2 's
2	Santa Clause 2 's
2	Clause 2 's
2	2 's
1	may sound like it was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
1	may sound like it was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry
1	sound like it was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry
1	like it was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry
1	it was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry
2	was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry
2	was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists
2	co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists
2	by Mattel executives and lobbyists
2	Mattel executives and lobbyists
2	executives and lobbyists
2	executives and
2	for the tinsel industry
2	the tinsel industry
2	tinsel industry
2	His best film remains his shortest , The Hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive .
4	His best film
4	best film
2	remains his shortest , The Hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive .
2	remains his shortest , The Hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive
1	his shortest , The Hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive
2	his shortest , The Hole ,
2	his shortest , The Hole
2	his shortest ,
2	his shortest
2	The Hole
2	which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive
2	makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive
2	makes many of the points
2	many of the points
2	of the points
2	the points
1	that this film does but feels less repetitive
3	this film does but feels less repetitive
2	this film
2	does but feels less repetitive
2	does but
2	feels less repetitive
2	less repetitive
0	Just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .
1	Just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller
1	Just another disjointed ,
1	Just another disjointed
1	another disjointed
1	fairly predictable psychological thriller
2	fairly predictable
3	psychological thriller
1	... stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .
1	stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .
1	stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage
1	over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage
0	every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage
1	every cheap trick
1	cheap trick
2	in the book trying to make the outrage
2	the book trying to make the outrage
2	the book
2	trying to make the outrage
2	to make the outrage
2	make the outrage
2	the outrage
3	come even easier .
2	come even easier
2	even easier
0	Even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage .
1	Even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation
1	Even the hastily and amateurishly
0	the hastily and amateurishly
1	hastily and amateurishly
1	hastily and
2	drawn animation
1	can not engage .
1	can not engage
2	can not
1	Kung Pow is Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .
2	Kung Pow
2	is Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .
0	is Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that
2	is Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and
2	is Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick ,
2	is Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick
2	Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick
2	Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream
2	Oedekerk 's realization
2	Oedekerk 's
2	of his childhood dream
2	his childhood dream
2	childhood dream
2	to be in a martial-arts flick
2	be in a martial-arts flick
2	in a martial-arts flick
2	a martial-arts flick
2	martial-arts flick
1	proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that
1	that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that
1	sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that
2	the dreams of youth should remain just that
3	the dreams of youth
2	the dreams
2	of youth
2	should remain just that
2	remain just that
2	just that
1	Busy urban comedy is clearly not Zhang 's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
0	Busy urban comedy is clearly not Zhang 's forte
1	urban comedy is clearly not Zhang 's forte
3	urban comedy
1	is clearly not Zhang 's forte
2	is clearly
1	not Zhang 's forte
2	Zhang 's forte
2	Zhang 's
1	, his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
2	his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
2	his directorial touch
3	directorial touch
1	is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
2	is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy
1	neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy
1	light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy
2	light nor
3	magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy
3	magical enough
2	to bring off this kind of whimsy
3	bring off this kind of whimsy
3	bring off
2	this kind of whimsy
2	this kind
3	of whimsy
1	Not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since The Bad News Bears has been ?
2	Not completely loveable
4	completely loveable
2	-- but what underdog movie since The Bad News Bears has been ?
2	but what underdog movie since The Bad News Bears has been ?
2	but what underdog movie since The Bad News Bears has been
2	what underdog movie since The Bad News Bears has been
2	what underdog movie since The Bad News Bears
3	underdog movie since The Bad News Bears
2	underdog movie
2	since The Bad News Bears
2	The Bad News Bears
2	Bad News Bears
2	News Bears
3	has been
3	-- but certainly hard to hate .
2	but certainly hard to hate .
3	but certainly hard to hate
3	certainly hard to hate
2	certainly hard
1	to hate
1	A movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from Leroy 's delusions to escape their maudlin influence .
1	A movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from Leroy 's
2	A movie
1	that ca n't get sufficient distance from Leroy 's
1	ca n't get sufficient distance from Leroy 's
2	ca n't
2	get sufficient distance from Leroy 's
2	get sufficient distance
2	sufficient distance
2	from Leroy 's
2	Leroy 's
1	delusions to escape their maudlin influence .
2	delusions to escape their maudlin influence
2	to escape their maudlin influence
2	escape their maudlin influence
2	their maudlin influence
2	maudlin influence
2	It 's Young Guns meets Goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs .
2	It 's Young Guns
2	It 's
2	Young Guns
0	meets Goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs .
1	meets Goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs
1	Goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs
1	in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs
2	this easily skippable hayseeds-vs
2	easily skippable hayseeds-vs
1	easily skippable
1	- greaseballs mob action-comedy .
2	greaseballs mob action-comedy .
2	mob action-comedy .
2	action-comedy .
1	Louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother Hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense .
1	Louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother Hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense
1	Louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and
1	Louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode ,
1	Louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode
1	lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode
1	the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode
1	the movie dawdle
1	movie dawdle
2	in classic disaffected-indie-film mode
2	classic disaffected-indie-film mode
2	disaffected-indie-film mode
1	brother Hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense
2	brother Hoffman 's script
2	brother Hoffman 's
2	Hoffman 's
1	stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense
1	over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense
1	a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense
2	a late-inning twist
2	late-inning twist
2	that just does n't make sense
1	just does n't make sense
1	does n't make sense
1	does n't
2	make sense
1	The movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short .
1	The movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short
2	The movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and
1	The movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary ,
2	The movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary
2	The movie
2	straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary
2	the fence between escapism and social commentary
2	the fence
2	between escapism and social commentary
2	escapism and social commentary
1	and social commentary
2	social commentary
1	on both sides it falls short
2	on both sides
2	both sides
1	it falls short
1	falls short
3	The film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .
2	The film
3	is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .
2	is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface
2	old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface
3	old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle
3	old-fashioned , occasionally charming and
3	old-fashioned , occasionally charming
2	old-fashioned ,
2	occasionally charming
2	as subtle
2	as boldface
2	Ca n't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ?
3	Ca n't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers
2	Ca n't
2	get enough of libidinous young city dwellers
1	enough of libidinous young city dwellers
2	of libidinous young city dwellers
2	libidinous young city dwellers
2	young city dwellers
2	city dwellers
1	Try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde .
1	Try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde
2	Try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass
0	this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass
0	this obscenely bad dark comedy ,
1	this obscenely bad dark comedy
0	obscenely bad dark comedy
0	obscenely bad
3	dark comedy
1	so crass
1	that it makes Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde
2	it makes Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde
1	makes Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde
3	Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde
2	Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York
2	Edward Burns ' Sidewalks
2	Edward Burns '
2	Burns '
2	of New York
2	New York
2	look like Oscar Wilde
2	like Oscar Wilde
2	Oscar Wilde
1	In The New Guy , even the bull gets recycled .
2	In The New Guy
2	The New Guy
2	New Guy
2	, even the bull gets recycled .
3	even the bull gets recycled .
2	even the bull
2	the bull
2	gets recycled .
2	gets recycled
2	Largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers .
2	, this is a movie that also does it by the numbers .
2	this is a movie that also does it by the numbers .
2	is a movie that also does it by the numbers .
3	is a movie that also does it by the numbers
2	a movie that also does it by the numbers
2	a movie
2	that also does it by the numbers
2	also does it by the numbers
2	does it by the numbers
2	does it
2	by the numbers
2	the numbers
1	On top of a foundering performance , -LRB- Madonna 's -RRB- denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .
1	On top of a foundering performance
2	top of a foundering performance
2	of a foundering performance
1	a foundering performance
1	foundering performance
2	, -LRB- Madonna 's -RRB- denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .
1	-LRB- Madonna 's -RRB- denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .
2	-LRB- Madonna 's -RRB-
2	Madonna 's -RRB-
1	Madonna 's
1	denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .
1	denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag
2	denied her own athleticism
2	her own athleticism
2	own athleticism
2	by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag
1	lighting that emphasizes every line and sag
2	that emphasizes every line and sag
1	emphasizes every line and sag
2	every line and sag
2	line and sag
2	line and
2	This is the first full scale WWII flick from Hong Kong 's John Woo .
2	is the first full scale WWII flick from Hong Kong 's John Woo .
2	is the first full scale WWII flick from Hong Kong 's John Woo
2	the first full scale WWII flick from Hong Kong 's John Woo
3	the first full scale WWII flick
3	first full scale WWII flick
2	full scale WWII flick
2	scale WWII flick
2	WWII flick
2	from Hong Kong 's John Woo
3	Hong Kong 's John Woo
2	Hong Kong 's
2	Kong 's
2	John Woo
1	He 's not good with people .
2	's not good with people .
2	's not good with people
2	's not
2	good with people
2	with people
1	Patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .
1	Patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary
1	Patchy combination of soap opera ,
1	Patchy combination of soap opera
1	Patchy combination
2	of soap opera
1	soap opera
2	low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary
1	low-tech magic realism and , at times ,
2	low-tech magic realism and
1	low-tech magic realism
2	magic realism
2	, at times ,
2	at times ,
2	at times
1	ploddingly sociological commentary
1	ploddingly sociological
1	-LRB- Stevens is -RRB- so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
1	Stevens is -RRB- so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
1	is -RRB- so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
1	is -RRB- so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits
2	is -RRB-
1	so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits
1	stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits
0	to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits
1	make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits
2	make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance
2	make an important film
3	an important film
3	important film
2	about human infidelity and happenstance
2	human infidelity and happenstance
2	infidelity and happenstance
1	infidelity and
1	that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits
2	he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits
2	tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits
2	tosses a kitchen sink
1	a kitchen sink
2	kitchen sink
2	onto a story already overladen with plot conceits
1	a story already overladen with plot conceits
2	a story
1	already overladen with plot conceits
1	overladen with plot conceits
2	with plot conceits
1	plot conceits
0	So boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
0	So boring
1	that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
1	that even its target audience talked all the way through it
1	even its target audience talked all the way through it
1	its target audience talked all the way through it
2	its target audience
2	target audience
0	talked all the way through it
2	talked all the way
3	all the way
2	the way
2	through it
0	One of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears .
1	One of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar
2	of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar
2	the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar
2	the more glaring signs
2	more glaring signs
2	more glaring
2	of this movie 's servitude to its superstar
2	this movie 's servitude to its superstar
2	this movie 's servitude
2	this movie 's
2	movie 's
2	to its superstar
3	its superstar
1	is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears .
1	is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
0	the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
2	the way
1	it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
0	skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
1	around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
1	any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
2	any scenes
1	that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
1	might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
3	have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
3	required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
2	required genuine acting
3	genuine acting
2	from Ms. Spears
2	Ms. Spears
0	Hollywood Ending is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever .
2	Hollywood Ending
0	is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever .
0	is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever
0	is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie
0	the most disappointing Woody Allen movie
0	most disappointing Woody Allen movie
1	most disappointing
2	Woody Allen movie
2	Allen movie
4	He has a great cast and a great idea .
3	has a great cast and a great idea .
4	has a great cast and a great idea
3	a great cast and a great idea
3	a great cast and
4	a great cast
3	great cast
4	a great idea
3	great idea
2	But the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .
1	the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .
1	the execution
0	is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .
1	is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work
0	a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work
1	a flop with the exception of about six gags
0	a flop
2	with the exception of about six gags
1	the exception of about six gags
2	the exception
1	of about six gags
2	about six gags
2	about six
2	that really work
3	really work
2	... generically , forgettably pleasant from start to finish .
2	generically , forgettably pleasant from start to finish .
1	generically , forgettably pleasant from start to finish
2	, forgettably pleasant from start to finish
3	forgettably pleasant from start to finish
3	pleasant from start to finish
4	pleasant from start
2	from start
2	to finish
1	It 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .
1	's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .
1	's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull
2	's just
1	hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull
1	to believe that a life like this can sound so dull
0	believe that a life like this can sound so dull
1	that a life like this can sound so dull
1	a life like this can sound so dull
2	a life like this
2	a life
2	like this
1	can sound so dull
0	sound so dull
0	so dull
1	When not wallowing in its characters ' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .
2	When not wallowing in its characters ' frustrations
2	When not
1	wallowing in its characters ' frustrations
1	in its characters ' frustrations
2	its characters ' frustrations
2	its characters '
2	characters '
1	, the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .
0	the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .
2	the movie
1	is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .
0	is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems
2	is busy
2	contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems
1	contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions
1	false , sitcom-worthy solutions
2	, sitcom-worthy solutions
1	sitcom-worthy solutions
2	to their problems
2	their problems
1	An overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy .
0	An overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy
1	An overstylized , puréed mélange
0	overstylized , puréed mélange
2	, puréed mélange
1	puréed mélange
2	of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy
2	sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy
2	, psychology , drugs and philosophy
2	psychology , drugs and philosophy
2	, drugs and philosophy
2	drugs and philosophy
2	drugs and
2	Sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery .
2	Sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent
3	Sometimes entertaining
2	, sometimes indulgent
2	sometimes indulgent
1	-- but never less than pure wankery .
0	but never less than pure wankery .
1	never less than pure wankery .
0	less than pure wankery .
1	less than pure wankery
0	than pure wankery
1	pure wankery
2	` Lovely and Amazing , ' unhappily , is neither ... excessively strained and contrived .
2	` Lovely and Amazing , ' unhappily ,
2	Lovely and Amazing , ' unhappily ,
2	Lovely and Amazing , ' unhappily
3	Lovely and Amazing , '
3	Lovely and Amazing ,
3	Lovely and Amazing
3	Lovely and
2	is neither ... excessively strained and contrived .
1	is neither ... excessively strained and contrived
2	is neither ... excessively strained and
1	is neither ... excessively strained
2	is neither ...
2	is neither
1	excessively strained
0	Ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .
0	is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .
0	is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills
0	a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills
1	a disaster of a story ,
0	a disaster of a story
0	a disaster
2	of a story
2	a story
0	full of holes and completely lacking in chills
1	of holes and completely lacking in chills
0	holes and completely lacking in chills
2	holes and
1	completely lacking in chills
1	lacking in chills
2	in chills
1	Ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .
1	Ignore the reputation , and ignore the film
2	Ignore the reputation , and
2	Ignore the reputation ,
2	Ignore the reputation
2	the reputation
1	ignore the film
2	the film
3	This one is a few bits funnier than Malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks .
2	This one
2	is a few bits funnier than Malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks .
3	is a few bits funnier than Malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks
2	is a few bits funnier than Malle 's dud ,
2	is a few bits funnier than Malle 's dud
2	a few bits funnier than Malle 's dud
2	a few bits funnier
2	few bits funnier
3	bits funnier
3	than Malle 's dud
2	Malle 's dud
2	Malle 's
1	if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks
1	only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks
1	because the cast is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks
1	the cast is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks
2	the cast
3	is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks
3	is so engagingly
3	so engagingly
2	messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks
2	messing around
1	like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks
1	Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks
2	Slob City reductions
2	City reductions
2	of Damon Runyon crooks
2	Damon Runyon crooks
2	Runyon crooks
0	` It 's painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama . '
1	It 's painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama . '
2	's painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama . '
1	's painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama .
1	's painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama
1	painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama
1	to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama
1	watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama
1	watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean ,
1	watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination
3	watch Witherspoon 's talents
3	Witherspoon 's talents
2	Witherspoon 's
0	wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination
0	wasting away inside unnecessary films
1	wasting away
1	inside unnecessary films
1	unnecessary films
1	like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination
1	Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination
2	Legally Blonde and
2	Legally Blonde
1	Sweet Home Abomination
2	Home Abomination
2	, I mean ,
2	I mean ,
2	I mean
0	A plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .
0	A plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot
1	A plodding teen remake
1	plodding teen remake
2	teen remake
0	that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot
2	's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot
2	so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot
1	mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot
1	you can smell the grease on the plot
1	can smell the grease on the plot
3	smell the grease on the plot
2	smell the grease
1	the grease
2	on the plot
2	the plot
2	twists .
1	Trying to figure out the rules of the Country Bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax Einstein 's brain .
2	Trying to figure out the rules of the Country Bear universe
2	to figure out the rules of the Country Bear universe
2	figure out the rules of the Country Bear universe
2	figure out
2	the rules of the Country Bear universe
2	the rules
2	of the Country Bear universe
2	the Country Bear universe
2	Country Bear universe
2	Bear universe
1	-- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax Einstein 's brain .
2	-- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier --
2	when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier --
2	when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier
3	when are bears bears and
2	when are bears bears
2	are bears bears
2	bears bears
2	when are they like humans , only hairier
1	are they like humans , only hairier
2	are they
2	like humans , only hairier
2	humans , only hairier
2	humans , only
2	humans ,
1	would tax Einstein 's brain .
1	would tax Einstein 's brain
2	tax Einstein 's brain
2	Einstein 's brain
2	Einstein 's
1	Even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
1	Even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates
1	in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates
1	terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates
1	of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates
0	the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates
1	the low-grade cheese standards
1	low-grade cheese standards
2	cheese standards
2	on which it operates
2	on which
2	it operates
1	, it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
1	it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
1	never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
1	never quite
1	makes the grade as tawdry trash .
1	makes the grade as tawdry trash
1	the grade as tawdry trash
2	the grade
0	as tawdry trash
0	tawdry trash
3	Amidst the action , the script carries Arnold -LRB- and the viewers -RRB- into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ''
2	Amidst the action
2	the action
2	, the script carries Arnold -LRB- and the viewers -RRB- into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ''
3	the script carries Arnold -LRB- and the viewers -RRB- into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ''
2	the script
3	carries Arnold -LRB- and the viewers -RRB- into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ''
2	carries Arnold -LRB- and the viewers -RRB- into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story .
2	carries Arnold -LRB- and the viewers -RRB- into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story
2	carries Arnold -LRB- and the viewers -RRB-
2	carries Arnold
2	-LRB- and the viewers -RRB-
2	and the viewers -RRB-
2	and the viewers
2	the viewers
2	into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story
2	the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story
2	the forbidden zone
2	forbidden zone
1	of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story
2	sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story
1	sympathizing with terrorist motivations
2	with terrorist motivations
2	terrorist motivations
2	by presenting the `` other side of the story
2	presenting the `` other side of the story
2	the `` other side of the story
2	the `` other side
2	`` other side
2	other side
2	of the story
2	the story
1	Rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .
0	Rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue
1	with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue
1	nutty cliches and far too much dialogue
1	nutty cliches and far too much
2	nutty cliches and
1	nutty cliches
1	far too much
1	too much
2	It 's a 100-year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by Elizabeth Hurley in a bathing suit .
1	's a 100-year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by Elizabeth Hurley in a bathing suit .
2	's a 100-year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by Elizabeth Hurley in a bathing suit
1	a 100-year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by Elizabeth Hurley in a bathing suit
2	a 100-year old mystery
2	100-year old mystery
2	old mystery
2	that is constantly being interrupted by Elizabeth Hurley in a bathing suit
1	is constantly being interrupted by Elizabeth Hurley in a bathing suit
3	is constantly
2	being interrupted by Elizabeth Hurley in a bathing suit
2	interrupted by Elizabeth Hurley in a bathing suit
2	by Elizabeth Hurley in a bathing suit
2	Elizabeth Hurley in a bathing suit
2	Elizabeth Hurley
2	in a bathing suit
2	a bathing suit
2	bathing suit
2	... one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else .
2	one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else .
2	one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else
2	one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot
3	one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and
2	one big laugh , three or four mild giggles ,
2	one big laugh , three or four mild giggles
2	one big laugh , three or
2	one big laugh , three
3	one big laugh ,
4	one big laugh
3	big laugh
2	four mild giggles
2	mild giggles
3	a whole lot
2	whole lot
2	of not much else
1	not much else
1	not much
1	Too intensely focused on the travails of being Hal Hartley to function as pastiche , No Such Thing is Hartley 's least accessible screed yet .
1	Too intensely focused on the travails of being Hal Hartley to function as pastiche
2	Too intensely
2	focused on the travails of being Hal Hartley to function as pastiche
2	on the travails of being Hal Hartley to function as pastiche
2	the travails of being Hal Hartley to function as pastiche
2	the travails
2	of being Hal Hartley to function as pastiche
2	being Hal Hartley to function as pastiche
2	being Hal Hartley to function
2	Hal Hartley to function
2	Hal Hartley
2	to function
2	as pastiche
1	, No Such Thing is Hartley 's least accessible screed yet .
1	No Such Thing is Hartley 's least accessible screed yet .
2	No Such Thing
2	Such Thing
1	is Hartley 's least accessible screed yet .
1	is Hartley 's least accessible screed yet
1	is Hartley 's least accessible screed
2	Hartley 's least accessible screed
2	Hartley 's
2	least accessible screed
1	least accessible
2	Kenneth Branagh 's energetic sweet-and-sour performance as a curmudgeonly British playwright grounds this overstuffed , erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and child-rearing in Los Angeles .
3	Kenneth Branagh 's energetic sweet-and-sour performance as a curmudgeonly British playwright
2	Kenneth Branagh 's energetic sweet-and-sour performance
2	Kenneth Branagh 's
2	Branagh 's
3	energetic sweet-and-sour performance
3	sweet-and-sour performance
2	as a curmudgeonly British playwright
2	a curmudgeonly British playwright
2	curmudgeonly British playwright
2	British playwright
1	grounds this overstuffed , erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and child-rearing in Los Angeles .
2	grounds this overstuffed , erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and child-rearing in Los Angeles
1	this overstuffed , erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and child-rearing in Los Angeles
0	this overstuffed , erratic dramedy
1	overstuffed , erratic dramedy
1	, erratic dramedy
1	erratic dramedy
2	in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and child-rearing in Los Angeles
2	in which
2	he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and child-rearing in Los Angeles
1	he and his improbably forbearing wife
2	he and
2	his improbably forbearing wife
1	improbably forbearing wife
1	improbably forbearing
2	contend with craziness and child-rearing in Los Angeles
2	contend with craziness and child-rearing
2	with craziness and child-rearing
2	craziness and child-rearing
2	craziness and
2	in Los Angeles
2	Los Angeles
1	Director Uwe Boll and writer Robert Dean Klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters .
2	Director Uwe Boll and writer Robert Dean Klein
2	Uwe Boll and writer Robert Dean Klein
2	Boll and writer Robert Dean Klein
2	and writer Robert Dean Klein
2	writer Robert Dean Klein
2	Robert Dean Klein
2	Dean Klein
1	fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters .
1	fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters
1	to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters
1	generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters
2	generate any interest
2	any interest
1	in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters
1	an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters
1	an unsympathetic hero
1	unsympathetic hero
2	caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters
3	caught up in an intricate plot
2	caught up
3	in an intricate plot
3	an intricate plot
3	intricate plot
1	that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters
1	while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters
3	while cleverly worked out
3	cleverly worked out
2	worked out
0	, can not overcome blah characters
1	can not overcome blah characters
2	can not
3	overcome blah characters
0	blah characters
0	Ms. Phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .
2	Ms. Phoenix
0	is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .
0	is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening
1	is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and
1	is completely lacking in charm and charisma ,
0	is completely lacking in charm and charisma
3	is completely
1	lacking in charm and charisma
2	in charm and charisma
3	charm and charisma
2	charm and
1	is unable to project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening
2	unable to project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening
2	to project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening
2	project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening
2	either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening
2	either Esther 's initial anomie or
2	either Esther 's initial anomie
2	either Esther 's
2	Esther 's
2	initial anomie
2	her eventual awakening
2	eventual awakening
0	The movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
2	The movie
0	fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
1	fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man
1	to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man
1	portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man
2	portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more
2	portray its literarily talented and notorious subject
2	its literarily talented and notorious subject
2	literarily talented and notorious subject
3	talented and notorious subject
2	and notorious subject
2	notorious subject
3	as anything much more
2	anything much more
2	much more
2	than a dirty old man
1	a dirty old man
1	dirty old man
2	old man
0	A clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men .
0	A clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying
0	A clichéd and shallow cautionary tale
0	clichéd and shallow cautionary tale
0	clichéd and shallow
1	clichéd and
2	cautionary tale
2	about the hard-partying
2	the hard-partying
2	lives of gay men .
2	lives of gay men
2	of gay men
2	gay men
1	The fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .
1	The fetid underbelly of fame
2	The fetid underbelly
1	fetid underbelly
2	of fame
1	has never looked uglier .
1	has never looked uglier
1	has never
1	looked uglier
1	A little weak -- and it is n't that funny .
1	A little weak
2	A little
1	-- and it is n't that funny .
1	and it is n't that funny .
1	and it is n't that funny
1	it is n't that funny
1	is n't that funny
1	is n't
2	that funny
1	While it is welcome to see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , Lan Yu never catches dramatic fire .
3	While it is welcome to see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion
4	it is welcome to see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion
2	is welcome to see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion
3	welcome to see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion
3	to see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion
2	see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion
3	a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion
2	a Chinese film
2	Chinese film
3	depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion
2	a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion
2	a homosexual relationship
2	homosexual relationship
2	in a mature and frank fashion
3	a mature and frank fashion
3	mature and frank fashion
2	mature and frank
3	mature and
1	, Lan Yu never catches dramatic fire .
1	Lan Yu never catches dramatic fire .
2	Lan Yu
2	never catches dramatic fire .
3	catches dramatic fire .
3	catches dramatic fire
2	dramatic fire
1	The script boasts some tart TV-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy .
1	The script boasts some tart TV-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy
2	The script boasts some tart TV-insider humor , but
3	The script boasts some tart TV-insider humor ,
2	The script boasts some tart TV-insider humor
2	The script
3	boasts some tart TV-insider humor
2	some tart TV-insider humor
2	tart TV-insider humor
2	TV-insider humor
1	the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy
2	the film
1	has not a trace of humanity or empathy
1	not a trace of humanity or empathy
1	not a trace
2	a trace
2	of humanity or empathy
3	humanity or empathy
2	humanity or
2	Despite the pyrotechnics , Narc is strictly by the book .
2	Despite the pyrotechnics
2	the pyrotechnics
2	, Narc is strictly by the book .
2	Narc is strictly by the book .
2	is strictly by the book .
2	is strictly by the book
2	is strictly
2	by the book
2	the book
2	In both the writing and cutting , it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you .
2	In both the writing and cutting
2	both the writing and cutting
2	the writing and cutting
2	writing and cutting
2	writing and
1	, it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you .
1	it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you .
1	does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you .
1	does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you
2	does not
3	achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you
3	the kind of dramatic unity that transports you
3	the kind of dramatic unity
2	the kind
3	of dramatic unity
3	dramatic unity
2	that transports you
3	transports you
2	You end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that .
2	end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that .
3	end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that
2	end up
3	simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that
2	admiring this bit or that , this performance or that
2	this bit or that , this performance or that
2	this bit or
2	this bit
2	that , this performance or that
2	that , this performance or
2	that , this performance
2	that ,
2	this performance
2	Cacoyannis is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility .
1	is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility .
0	is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility
1	is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and
1	is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation
2	is perhaps
1	too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation
1	effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation
2	in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation
1	creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation
1	an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation
2	an atmosphere
2	of dust-caked stagnation
1	dust-caked stagnation
1	labored gentility
2	Worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades .
2	Worth seeing once , but its charm quickly fades
2	Worth seeing once , but
3	Worth seeing once ,
3	Worth seeing once
2	seeing once
1	its charm quickly fades
3	its charm
1	quickly fades
0	The original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !
2	The original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece
1	The original was n't a good movie but
1	The original was n't a good movie
2	The original
1	was n't a good movie
2	was n't
4	a good movie
3	good movie
2	this remake makes it look like a masterpiece
2	this remake
4	makes it look like a masterpiece
4	it look like a masterpiece
3	look like a masterpiece
4	like a masterpiece
4	a masterpiece
1	One suspects that Craven endorses They simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .
2	suspects that Craven endorses They simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .
1	suspects that Craven endorses They simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison
1	that Craven endorses They simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison
1	Craven endorses They simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison
1	endorses They simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison
2	endorses They simply
2	endorses They
1	because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison
2	this movie makes his own look much better by comparison
2	this movie
2	makes his own look much better by comparison
2	makes his own look much better
2	his own look much better
2	his own look
2	own look
3	much better
2	by comparison
2	Gere gives a good performance in a film that does n't merit it .
2	gives a good performance in a film that does n't merit it .
1	gives a good performance in a film that does n't merit it
1	a good performance in a film that does n't merit it
4	a good performance
3	good performance
1	in a film that does n't merit it
0	a film that does n't merit it
2	a film
1	that does n't merit it
1	does n't merit it
1	does n't
3	merit it
2	Your appreciation of it will depend on what experiences you bring to it and what associations you choose to make .
3	Your appreciation of it
2	Your appreciation
2	of it
2	will depend on what experiences you bring to it and what associations you choose to make .
2	will depend on what experiences you bring to it and what associations you choose to make
2	depend on what experiences you bring to it and what associations you choose to make
2	on what experiences you bring to it and what associations you choose to make
2	what experiences you bring to it and what associations you choose to make
2	what experiences you bring to it and
2	what experiences you bring to it
3	experiences you bring to it
2	you bring to it
2	bring to it
2	to it
2	what associations you choose to make
2	associations you choose to make
2	you choose to make
2	choose to make
2	to make
1	Includes too much obvious padding .
1	Includes too much obvious padding
1	too much obvious padding
2	too much obvious
2	much obvious
0	There 's no palpable chemistry between Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes , plus the script by Working Girl scribe Kevin Wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
1	There 's no palpable chemistry between Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes
0	's no palpable chemistry between Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes
1	no palpable chemistry between Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes
1	no palpable chemistry
3	palpable chemistry
2	between Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes
2	Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes
2	and male lead Ralph Fiennes
2	male lead Ralph Fiennes
2	lead Ralph Fiennes
2	Ralph Fiennes
2	, plus the script by Working Girl scribe Kevin Wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
1	plus the script by Working Girl scribe Kevin Wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
2	plus the script by Working Girl scribe Kevin Wade
2	plus the script
2	the script
1	by Working Girl scribe Kevin Wade
2	Working Girl scribe Kevin Wade
2	Girl scribe Kevin Wade
2	scribe Kevin Wade
2	Kevin Wade
1	is workmanlike in the extreme .
1	is workmanlike in the extreme
3	workmanlike in the extreme
2	in the extreme
2	the extreme
0	I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid .
1	I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid
1	I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but
0	I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening ,
0	I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
1	'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
3	'm not
0	sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
0	which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
1	half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
2	half of Dragonfly
2	of Dragonfly
0	is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
1	is worse :
1	is worse
1	The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
2	The part where nothing 's happening , or
1	The part where nothing 's happening ,
2	The part where nothing 's happening
2	The part
1	where nothing 's happening
0	nothing 's happening
2	's happening
2	the part where something 's happening
2	the part
3	where something 's happening
2	something 's happening
2	's happening
1	it 's stupid
1	's stupid
2	Do n't expect any subtlety from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle .
0	Do n't expect any subtlety from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle
1	Do n't
1	expect any subtlety from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle
2	expect any subtlety
2	any subtlety
1	from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle
2	this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle
2	this latest entry
2	latest entry
2	in the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle
2	the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle
2	increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle
1	increasingly threadbare
2	gross-out comedy cycle
2	comedy cycle
0	The only camouflage Carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
2	The only camouflage Carvey should now be considering
2	The only camouflage
2	only camouflage
2	Carvey should now be considering
2	should now be considering
2	should now
2	be considering
0	is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
0	is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
0	a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
0	paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
2	bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
1	to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
1	wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
2	wear over his head
1	over his head
2	his head
0	when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
1	he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
1	goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
2	goes out into public ,
2	goes out into public
2	goes out
2	into public
1	to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
0	avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
1	being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
1	recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
1	as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
1	the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
3	the man
1	who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
1	bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
2	unsuspecting moviegoers
0	Shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ...
0	Shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors
1	Shot like a postcard and
3	Shot like a postcard
2	like a postcard
2	a postcard
1	overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors
1	with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors
1	all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors
2	all the boozy self-indulgence
1	the boozy self-indulgence
2	boozy self-indulgence
1	that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors
1	brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors
2	brings out
1	the worst in otherwise talented actors
0	the worst
2	in otherwise talented actors
2	otherwise talented actors
3	otherwise talented
1	Spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .
3	Spain 's greatest star wattage
2	Spain 's
3	greatest star wattage
2	star wattage
1	does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .
1	does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy
1	does n't
2	overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy
2	the tumult of maudlin tragedy
2	the tumult
2	of maudlin tragedy
2	maudlin tragedy
1	Conforms itself with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences .
2	Conforms itself with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences
2	Conforms itself
2	with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences
2	creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences
1	a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences
2	a game of ` who 's who ' ...
2	a game of ` who 's who '
2	a game
2	of ` who 's who '
2	of ` who 's who
2	of `
2	who 's who
2	's who
1	where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences
1	the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences
2	the characters ' moves
2	the characters '
2	characters '
1	are often more predictable than their consequences
2	are often
1	more predictable than their consequences
1	predictable than their consequences
2	than their consequences
2	their consequences
1	Looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of Scarface or Carlito 's Way .
2	Looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of Scarface or Carlito 's Way
2	Looks and feels
2	Looks and
1	like a low-budget hybrid of Scarface or Carlito 's Way
1	a low-budget hybrid of Scarface or Carlito 's Way
1	a low-budget hybrid of Scarface or
1	a low-budget hybrid of Scarface
1	a low-budget hybrid
1	low-budget hybrid
2	of Scarface
2	Carlito 's Way
2	Carlito 's
1	The script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .
2	The script
1	is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .
2	is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material
1	is a tired one ,
1	is a tired one
1	a tired one
1	tired one
1	with few moments of joy rising above the stale material
2	few moments of joy rising above the stale material
2	few moments
2	of joy rising above the stale material
2	joy rising above the stale material
2	rising above the stale material
2	above the stale material
1	the stale material
1	stale material
1	Suffers from all the excesses of the genre .
1	Suffers from all the excesses of the genre
1	Suffers from all the excesses
2	from all the excesses
2	all the excesses
2	the excesses
2	of the genre
2	the genre
1	The verdict : Two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .
1	The verdict : Two bodies and hardly a laugh between them
2	The verdict :
2	The verdict
1	Two bodies and hardly a laugh between them
2	Two bodies and hardly
2	Two bodies and
2	Two bodies
3	a laugh between them
3	a laugh
2	between them
0	The latest Adam Sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .
0	The latest Adam Sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year
1	The latest Adam Sandler assault and possibly the worst film
2	The latest
0	Adam Sandler assault and possibly the worst film
2	Adam Sandler assault and
1	Adam Sandler assault
2	Sandler assault
0	possibly the worst film
0	the worst film
0	worst film
2	of the year
2	the year
3	Downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .
1	Downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message
2	Downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers
3	, period-perfect biopic hammers
2	period-perfect biopic hammers
2	biopic hammers
2	home a heavy-handed moralistic message
2	a heavy-handed moralistic message
2	heavy-handed moralistic message
1	heavy-handed moralistic
1	While the film is competent , it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
2	While the film is competent
3	the film is competent
2	the film
3	is competent
0	, it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
1	it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
0	's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
1	's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
1	's also uninspired ,
1	's also uninspired
2	's also
0	lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
2	the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
3	real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
3	talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
3	talent and wit
2	talent and
3	to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
3	elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
2	elevate it beyond its formula
2	elevate it
3	beyond its formula
2	its formula
2	to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
3	the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
2	the level
3	of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
2	classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
2	classic romantic comedy
2	romantic comedy
2	to which it aspires
2	to which
3	it aspires
1	They ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .
1	ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .
1	ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering
1	to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering
1	be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering
2	be a whole lot scarier
2	a whole lot scarier
3	whole lot scarier
2	lot scarier
2	than they are in this tepid genre offering
1	they are in this tepid genre offering
1	are in this tepid genre offering
1	in this tepid genre offering
1	this tepid genre offering
1	tepid genre offering
2	genre offering
2	It 's harmless , diverting fluff .
2	's harmless , diverting fluff .
2	's harmless , diverting fluff
2	's harmless ,
2	's harmless
1	diverting fluff
0	But it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .
1	it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .
1	's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .
1	's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre
0	hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre
2	to imagine a more generic effort in the genre
2	imagine a more generic effort in the genre
2	a more generic effort in the genre
2	a more generic effort
2	more generic effort
2	more generic
2	in the genre
2	the genre
1	It 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .
1	's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .
0	's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly
1	's just plain lurid
2	's just
1	plain lurid
2	when it is n't downright silly
2	it is n't downright silly
1	is n't downright silly
1	is n't
1	downright silly
2	Comedy troupe Broken Lizard 's first movie is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot .
2	Comedy troupe Broken Lizard 's first movie
2	Comedy troupe Broken Lizard 's
2	troupe Broken Lizard 's
2	Broken Lizard 's
2	Lizard 's
2	first movie
2	is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot .
3	is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot
3	is very funny but too concerned
3	very funny but too concerned
2	very funny but
4	very funny
1	too concerned
2	with giving us a plot
2	giving us a plot
2	giving us
2	a plot
1	Pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of God in the fifth Trek flick .
2	invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of God in the fifth Trek flick .
2	invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of God in the fifth Trek flick
1	invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of God
0	invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs
1	in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs
1	undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs
2	undergraduate doubling subtexts and
2	undergraduate doubling subtexts
2	doubling subtexts
2	ridiculous stabs
2	at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of God
3	existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of God
2	existentialism reminding
2	of the discovery of the wizard of God
2	the discovery of the wizard of God
2	the discovery
2	of the wizard of God
2	the wizard of God
2	the wizard
2	of God
2	in the fifth Trek flick
2	the fifth Trek flick
2	fifth Trek flick
2	Trek flick
1	A horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness .
1	A horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them
2	A horror movie
2	horror movie
1	with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them
1	seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them
1	seriously dumb characters ,
0	seriously dumb characters
0	seriously dumb
1	which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them
1	somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them
1	dilutes the pleasure of watching them
3	the pleasure of watching them
3	the pleasure
2	of watching them
2	watching them
2	stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness .
2	stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness
2	by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness
1	creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness
1	creepy-crawly bug things
2	bug things
2	that live only in the darkness
2	live only in the darkness
2	live only
2	in the darkness
2	the darkness
1	It 's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .
1	's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .
1	's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt
1	a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt
2	a film
1	with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt
1	an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt
2	an idea
1	buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt
1	buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or
1	buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen
1	buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly
2	buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never
2	somewhere inside its fabric , but never
2	somewhere inside its fabric , but
2	somewhere inside its fabric ,
2	somewhere inside its fabric
2	inside its fabric
2	its fabric
2	` All in all , Reign of Fire will be a good -LRB- successful -RRB- rental . '
3	All in all , Reign of Fire will be a good -LRB- successful -RRB- rental . '
2	All in all , Reign of Fire
2	in all , Reign of Fire
2	all , Reign of Fire
2	all ,
2	Reign of Fire
2	of Fire
2	will be a good -LRB- successful -RRB- rental . '
3	will be a good -LRB- successful -RRB- rental .
3	will be a good -LRB- successful -RRB- rental
2	be a good -LRB- successful -RRB- rental
3	a good -LRB- successful -RRB- rental
3	good -LRB- successful -RRB- rental
4	good -LRB- successful -RRB-
3	-LRB- successful -RRB-
3	successful -RRB-
2	Occasionally funny , sometimes inspiring , often boring .
3	Occasionally funny , sometimes inspiring ,
3	funny , sometimes inspiring ,
3	, sometimes inspiring ,
3	sometimes inspiring ,
4	inspiring ,
0	often boring .
1	often boring
0	A movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end .
2	A movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance
2	A movie
1	in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance
2	in which
0	two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance
1	two not very absorbing characters
1	not very absorbing characters
2	not very
3	absorbing characters
2	are engaged in a romance
2	engaged in a romance
2	in a romance
2	a romance
1	you ca n't wait to see end .
3	ca n't wait to see end .
2	ca n't wait to see end
2	ca n't
2	wait to see end
2	to see end
2	see end
0	The predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .
0	The predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing
1	predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing
1	predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch ,
0	predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch
1	predominantly amateur
1	cast is painful to watch
0	is painful to watch
0	painful to watch
2	to watch
0	so stilted and unconvincing
1	stilted and unconvincing
2	stilted and
2	are the performances .
2	are the performances
2	the performances
2	Who are ` they ' ?
2	are ` they ' ?
2	are ` they '
2	are `
2	they '
2	Well , they 're ` they ' .
2	, they 're ` they ' .
2	they 're ` they ' .
2	're ` they ' .
2	're ` they '
2	're `
2	they '
1	They 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .
1	're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .
2	're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid
1	the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid
1	the unnamed , easily substitutable forces
2	unnamed , easily substitutable forces
1	unnamed , easily substitutable
1	, easily substitutable
2	easily substitutable
2	that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid
2	serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid
2	as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid
1	whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid
1	terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid
1	the heroes of horror movies try to avoid
2	the heroes of horror movies
2	the heroes
2	of horror movies
2	horror movies
1	try to avoid
1	to avoid
2	They exist for hushed lines like `` They 're back ! ''
2	exist for hushed lines like `` They 're back ! ''
2	exist for hushed lines like `` They 're back !
2	exist for hushed lines like `` They 're back
1	exist for hushed lines
2	for hushed lines
2	hushed lines
2	like `` They 're back
2	like ``
2	They 're back
2	're back
3	, `` They 're out there ! ''
2	`` They 're out there ! ''
2	They 're out there ! ''
3	're out there ! ''
2	're out there !
3	out there !
2	there !
2	and `` They 're coming ! ''
2	`` They 're coming ! ''
2	They 're coming ! ''
2	're coming ! ''
2	're coming !
2	're coming
1	Elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .
1	crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .
2	crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level
2	crafted but emotionally
2	but emotionally
2	cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level
1	cold ,
2	a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level
2	a puzzle
2	whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level
2	whose intricate construction one
2	intricate construction one
2	intricate construction
2	can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level
2	can admire but
3	can admire
1	is difficult to connect with on any deeper level
1	difficult to connect with on any deeper level
2	to connect with on any deeper level
3	connect with on any deeper level
2	with on any deeper level
2	on any deeper level
2	any deeper level
2	deeper level
1	Were Dylan Thomas alive to witness first-time director Ethan Hawke 's strained Chelsea Walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Theatre . '
2	Were Dylan Thomas alive to witness first-time director Ethan Hawke 's strained Chelsea Walls
2	Were Dylan Thomas alive to witness first-time director
3	Dylan Thomas alive to witness first-time director
2	Dylan Thomas
2	alive to witness first-time director
2	to witness first-time director
2	witness first-time director
2	first-time director
1	Ethan Hawke 's strained Chelsea Walls
2	Ethan Hawke 's
2	Hawke 's
2	strained Chelsea Walls
2	Chelsea Walls
1	, he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Theatre . '
2	, he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to ,
2	he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to ,
2	he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to
2	might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to
2	have been tempted to change his landmark poem to
2	been tempted to change his landmark poem to
2	tempted to change his landmark poem to
2	to change his landmark poem to
2	change his landmark poem to
2	change his landmark poem
2	his landmark poem
2	landmark poem
2	` Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Theatre . '
1	Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Theatre . '
2	Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Theatre .
2	Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Theatre
2	Do Not
2	Go Gentle Into That Good Theatre
2	Gentle Into That Good Theatre
2	Into That Good Theatre
3	That Good Theatre
3	Good Theatre
1	The story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .
1	The story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive
1	The story has its redundancies , and
1	The story has its redundancies ,
1	The story has its redundancies
2	The story
1	has its redundancies
2	its redundancies
1	the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive
3	the young actors , not very experienced ,
1	the young actors , not very experienced
2	the young actors , not
2	the young actors ,
2	the young actors
2	young actors
3	very experienced
1	are sometimes inexpressive
1	sometimes inexpressive
1	I 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point .
1	'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point .
0	'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point
1	sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point
1	the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point
2	the filmmaker would disagree , but ,
2	the filmmaker would disagree , but
2	the filmmaker would disagree ,
1	the filmmaker would disagree
2	the filmmaker
2	would disagree
0	honestly , I do n't see the point
1	, I do n't see the point
1	I do n't see the point
1	do n't see the point
2	do n't
2	see the point
2	the point
0	It 's a visual Rorschach test and I must have failed .
1	It 's a visual Rorschach test and I must have failed
2	It 's a visual Rorschach test and
2	It 's a visual Rorschach test
2	's a visual Rorschach test
2	a visual Rorschach test
2	visual Rorschach test
2	Rorschach test
1	I must have failed
1	must have failed
1	have failed
1	The film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .
2	The film
1	is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .
1	is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture
2	is really closer
2	really closer
2	to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture
2	porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture
2	than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture
2	a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture
2	a serious critique
1	serious critique
1	of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture
2	what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture
1	's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture
1	wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture
2	with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture
2	this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture
2	this increasingly pervasive aspect
2	increasingly pervasive aspect
2	increasingly pervasive
2	of gay culture
2	gay culture
1	Murder by Numbers just does n't add up .
2	Murder by Numbers
2	by Numbers
1	just does n't add up .
1	does n't add up .
1	does n't add up
1	does n't
2	add up
1	Clare Peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little American Pie-like irreverence .
1	Clare Peploe 's airless movie adaptation
2	Clare Peploe 's
2	Peploe 's
2	airless movie adaptation
2	movie adaptation
2	could use a little American Pie-like irreverence .
2	could use a little American Pie-like irreverence
2	use a little American Pie-like irreverence
2	a little American Pie-like irreverence
2	little American Pie-like irreverence
2	American Pie-like irreverence
2	Pie-like irreverence
1	Video games are more involving than this mess .
2	Video games
0	are more involving than this mess .
0	are more involving than this mess
2	are more
1	involving than this mess
1	than this mess
1	this mess
2	Clayburgh and Tambor are charming performers ; neither of them deserves Eric Schaeffer .
2	Clayburgh and Tambor are charming performers ; neither of them deserves Eric Schaeffer
4	Clayburgh and Tambor are charming performers ;
3	Clayburgh and Tambor are charming performers
2	Clayburgh and Tambor
2	Clayburgh and
3	are charming performers
3	charming performers
1	neither of them deserves Eric Schaeffer
2	neither of them
2	of them
2	deserves Eric Schaeffer
2	Eric Schaeffer
1	A pale Xerox of other , better crime movies .
0	pale Xerox of other , better crime movies .
1	pale Xerox of other , better crime movies
3	Xerox of other , better crime movies
2	of other , better crime movies
1	other , better crime movies
2	other ,
2	better crime movies
2	crime movies
0	... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
0	a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
0	a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional
0	a hokey piece of nonsense
1	a hokey piece
2	hokey piece
1	of nonsense
1	that tries too hard to be emotional
1	tries too hard to be emotional
2	too hard to be emotional
1	hard to be emotional
2	to be emotional
2	be emotional
1	Illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller .
2	, often inert sci-fi action thriller .
2	often inert sci-fi action thriller .
1	inert sci-fi action thriller .
0	inert sci-fi action thriller
2	sci-fi action thriller
2	action thriller
1	A perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making .
1	A perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making
2	A perfect example
3	perfect example
1	of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making
2	rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making
2	rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie
2	, well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie
1	well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie
2	well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative
2	well-intentioned , but
3	well-intentioned ,
1	shamelessly manipulative
1	The adventure does n't contain half the excitement of Balto , or quarter the fun of Toy Story 2 .
2	The adventure
1	does n't contain half the excitement of Balto , or quarter the fun of Toy Story 2 .
1	does n't contain half the excitement of Balto , or quarter the fun of Toy Story 2
1	does n't
2	contain half the excitement of Balto , or quarter the fun of Toy Story 2
0	half the excitement of Balto , or quarter the fun of Toy Story 2
2	half the excitement of Balto , or
1	half the excitement of Balto ,
1	half the excitement of Balto
2	half the excitement
3	the excitement
3	of Balto
1	quarter the fun of Toy Story 2
3	the fun of Toy Story 2
3	the fun
2	of Toy Story 2
2	Toy Story 2
2	Story 2
3	Essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty .
2	Essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty
2	Essentially a collection of bits -- and
1	Essentially a collection of bits --
2	Essentially a collection of bits
2	a collection of bits
2	a collection
2	of bits
2	they 're all naughty
2	're all naughty
2	're all
1	A mess .
1	mess .
1	The screenplay does too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen .
2	The screenplay
0	does too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen .
1	does too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen
0	too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen
1	much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen
1	meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen
1	meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced ,
1	, Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced ,
2	Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced ,
1	Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced
1	has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced
0	has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt
1	to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt
1	recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt
1	recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around
1	recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders
2	bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders
1	bland police procedural details , Fiennes
2	police procedural details , Fiennes
2	police procedural details ,
2	police procedural details
2	procedural details
1	in an attempt
2	an attempt
2	to seem weird and distanced
1	seem weird and distanced
1	weird and distanced
2	weird and
1	Hopkins looks like a drag queen
1	looks like a drag queen
2	like a drag queen
2	a drag queen
2	drag queen
1	The screenplay by James Eric , James Horton and director Peter O'Fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
2	The screenplay by James Eric , James Horton and director Peter O'Fallon
2	The screenplay
2	by James Eric , James Horton and director Peter O'Fallon
2	James Eric , James Horton and director Peter O'Fallon
2	James Eric , James Horton and
2	James Eric , James Horton
2	James Eric ,
2	James Eric
2	James Horton
2	director Peter O'Fallon
2	Peter O'Fallon
1	... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
1	is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
1	is so pat it makes your teeth hurt
1	so pat it makes your teeth hurt
2	pat it makes your teeth hurt
1	it makes your teeth hurt
0	makes your teeth hurt
2	your teeth hurt
2	your teeth
3	Before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , Steven Shainberg 's adaptation of Mary Gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
2	Before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy
1	it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy
2	takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy
1	takes a sudden turn and devolves
1	a sudden turn and devolves
2	sudden turn and devolves
1	turn and devolves
2	turn and
2	into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy
2	a bizarre sort of romantic comedy
2	a bizarre sort
2	bizarre sort
2	of romantic comedy
2	romantic comedy
4	, Steven Shainberg 's adaptation of Mary Gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
3	Steven Shainberg 's adaptation of Mary Gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
2	Steven Shainberg 's adaptation of Mary Gaitskill 's harrowing short story
3	Steven Shainberg 's adaptation
2	Steven Shainberg 's
2	Shainberg 's
2	of Mary Gaitskill 's harrowing short story
2	Mary Gaitskill 's harrowing short story
2	Mary Gaitskill 's
2	Gaitskill 's
2	harrowing short story
2	short story
3	... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
3	is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
4	is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience
4	a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience
2	brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience
4	brilliantly played
1	, deeply unsettling experience
1	deeply unsettling experience
1	deeply unsettling
4	Solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich , '' `` Out of Sight '' and `` Ocean 's Eleven , '' never were .
2	Solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich , '' `` Out of Sight '' and `` Ocean 's Eleven , ''
3	is rigid and evasive in ways that Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich , '' `` Out of Sight '' and `` Ocean 's Eleven , ''
1	is rigid and evasive in ways
1	rigid and evasive in ways
1	rigid and evasive
1	rigid and
2	in ways
2	that Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich , '' `` Out of Sight '' and `` Ocean 's Eleven , ''
4	Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich , '' `` Out of Sight '' and `` Ocean 's Eleven , ''
3	Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich , '' `` Out of Sight '' and
3	Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich , '' `` Out of Sight ''
3	Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich , ''
3	Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich ,
3	Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich
4	Soderbergh 's best films , ``
3	Soderbergh 's best films ,
4	Soderbergh 's best films
2	Soderbergh 's
4	best films
2	Erin Brockovich
2	`` Out of Sight ''
2	Out of Sight ''
3	Out of Sight
2	of Sight
2	`` Ocean 's Eleven , ''
2	Ocean 's Eleven , ''
2	's Eleven , ''
2	's Eleven ,
2	's Eleven
2	never were .
2	were .
1	Seems like something American and European gay movies were doing 20 years ago .
2	Seems like something American and European gay movies
2	like something American and European gay movies
2	something American and European gay movies
2	something American and
2	something American
2	European gay movies
2	gay movies
2	were doing 20 years ago .
2	were doing 20 years ago
2	doing 20 years ago
2	20 years ago
2	20 years
1	In the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director Roger Kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .
2	In the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes
2	the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes
2	the process
2	of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes
2	trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes
2	trimming the movie
2	the movie
2	to an expeditious 84 minutes
2	an expeditious 84 minutes
2	expeditious 84 minutes
2	84 minutes
1	, director Roger Kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .
1	director Roger Kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .
2	director Roger Kumble
2	Roger Kumble
1	seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .
1	seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags
1	to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags
1	have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags
1	dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags
2	dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ...
1	dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of
1	dumped a whole lot of plot
2	a whole lot of plot
3	a whole lot
2	whole lot
2	of plot
2	in favor of
2	favor of
2	outrageous gags
2	You can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer .
1	You can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer
1	You can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and
2	You can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away ,
1	You can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away
1	can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away
1	see the would-be surprises coming a mile away
1	the would-be surprises coming a mile away
2	the would-be surprises
2	would-be surprises
2	coming a mile away
2	coming a mile
2	a mile
2	the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer
2	the execution of these twists
1	the execution
2	of these twists
2	these twists
2	is delivered with a hammer
2	delivered with a hammer
2	with a hammer
2	a hammer
0	Thumbs down .
0	Thumbs down
0	The characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects .
0	The characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
1	The characters are paper thin and
1	The characters are paper thin
2	The characters
1	are paper thin
1	paper thin
2	the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
2	the plot
0	is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
0	so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
1	cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
1	cliched and contrived
1	cliched and
1	that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
1	it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
1	makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
1	your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
1	your least favorite
1	least favorite
2	James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
2	James Bond movie
2	Bond movie
3	seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
3	as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
2	cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
2	plotted as The Usual Suspects
2	as The Usual Suspects
2	The Usual Suspects
2	Usual Suspects
1	... del Toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
1	del Toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
2	del Toro
1	maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
2	maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy
1	a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy
2	a dark mood
2	dark mood
1	that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy
1	makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy
1	the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy
2	the film
1	seem like something to endure instead of enjoy
2	seem like something
2	like something
1	to endure instead of enjoy
1	endure instead of enjoy
1	endure instead of
2	instead of
1	The movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .
2	The movie
2	eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .
1	snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .
1	snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure
1	under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure
1	the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure
1	the strain of its plot contrivances and
1	the strain of its plot contrivances
2	the strain
1	of its plot contrivances
1	its plot contrivances
1	plot contrivances
1	its need to reassure
2	need to reassure
2	to reassure
2	The real question this movie poses is not ` Who ? '
2	real question this movie poses is not ` Who ? '
2	real question this movie poses
2	real question
2	this movie poses
2	this movie
2	is not ` Who ? '
3	is not ` Who ?
2	is not `
1	is not
2	Who ?
2	but ` Why ? '
2	` Why ? '
2	Why ? '
1	Why ?
3	Now here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made Vittorio De Sica proud .
3	here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made Vittorio De Sica proud .
2	's a sadistic bike flick that would have made Vittorio De Sica proud .
3	's a sadistic bike flick that would have made Vittorio De Sica proud
4	a sadistic bike flick that would have made Vittorio De Sica proud
1	a sadistic bike flick
1	sadistic bike flick
2	bike flick
3	that would have made Vittorio De Sica proud
3	would have made Vittorio De Sica proud
3	have made Vittorio De Sica proud
2	made Vittorio De Sica proud
2	Vittorio De Sica proud
2	Vittorio De Sica
2	De Sica
1	A movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .
1	A movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it
2	A movie
0	that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it
1	's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it
1	's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family
0	about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family
1	as overbearing and over-the-top as the family
1	overbearing and over-the-top as the family
1	overbearing and over-the-top
1	overbearing and
2	as the family
2	the family
2	depicts .
3	A movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . '
3	A movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment .
2	A movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment
2	A movie
3	in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment
2	in which
3	laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment
3	laughter and self-exploitation
2	laughter and
2	merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment
2	into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment
2	jolly soft-porn 'em powerment
3	soft-porn 'em powerment
2	'em powerment
2	Occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolving story .
2	Occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolving story
2	Occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive ,
1	Occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive
2	interesting but essentially unpersuasive
2	interesting but
1	essentially unpersuasive
2	a footnote to a still evolving story
2	a footnote
2	to a still evolving story
2	a still evolving story
2	still evolving story
2	still evolving
0	If we 're to slap protagonist Genevieve LePlouff because she 's French , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?
2	If we 're to slap protagonist Genevieve LePlouff because she 's French
1	we 're to slap protagonist Genevieve LePlouff because she 's French
2	're to slap protagonist Genevieve LePlouff because she 's French
2	're to slap protagonist Genevieve LePlouff
2	to slap protagonist Genevieve LePlouff
2	slap protagonist Genevieve LePlouff
2	protagonist Genevieve LePlouff
2	Genevieve LePlouff
2	because she 's French
2	she 's French
2	's French
0	, do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?
1	do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?
1	do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
2	do we
0	have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
1	that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
1	same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
0	option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
1	to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
2	slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
2	slap her creators
2	her creators
0	because they 're clueless and inept
1	they 're clueless and inept
0	're clueless and inept
1	clueless and inept
1	clueless and
2	Moretti plays Giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy .
2	plays Giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy .
2	plays Giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy
2	Giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy
2	Giovanni ,
1	a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy
2	a psychiatrist
2	who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy
1	predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy
1	finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy
1	it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy
1	difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy
2	to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy
3	sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy
2	sustain interest in his profession
2	interest in his profession
2	in his profession
2	his profession
2	after the family tragedy
2	the family tragedy
1	family tragedy
1	Too predictably , in fact .
0	Too predictably
2	, in fact .
2	in fact .
2	in fact
1	Alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but Ayurveda does the field no favors .
2	Alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but Ayurveda does the field no favors
2	Alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but
2	Alternative medicine obviously has its merits ...
2	Alternative medicine obviously has its merits
2	Alternative medicine
3	obviously has its merits
3	has its merits
2	its merits
1	Ayurveda does the field no favors
1	does the field no favors
1	the field no favors
2	the field no
2	field no
0	This thing works on no level whatsoever for me .
2	This thing
0	works on no level whatsoever for me .
0	works on no level whatsoever for me
1	on no level whatsoever for me
1	no level whatsoever for me
1	no level whatsoever
2	level whatsoever
2	for me
2	It follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every Schwarzenegger film : Someone crosses Arnie .
1	It follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every Schwarzenegger film : Someone crosses Arnie
2	It follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every Schwarzenegger film :
1	It follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every Schwarzenegger film
1	follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every Schwarzenegger film
1	the basic plot trajectory of nearly every Schwarzenegger film
2	the basic plot trajectory
2	basic plot trajectory
2	plot trajectory
2	of nearly every Schwarzenegger film
2	nearly every Schwarzenegger film
2	every Schwarzenegger film
2	Schwarzenegger film
2	Someone crosses Arnie
2	crosses Arnie
2	Arnie blows things up .
2	Arnie blows things up
2	blows things up
2	blows things
2	Ice Age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : Is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ?
2	Ice Age
2	posits a heretofore unfathomable question : Is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ?
2	posits a heretofore unfathomable question : Is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions
2	posits a heretofore unfathomable question : Is it possible for computer-generated characters
1	a heretofore unfathomable question : Is it possible for computer-generated characters
2	a heretofore unfathomable question :
1	a heretofore unfathomable question
2	heretofore unfathomable question
2	unfathomable question
2	Is it possible for computer-generated characters
2	Is it
2	possible for computer-generated characters
2	for computer-generated characters
2	computer-generated characters
2	to go through the motions
2	go through the motions
2	through the motions
2	the motions
0	An incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .
1	An incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been
1	An incoherent jumble
0	incoherent jumble
1	of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been
1	a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been
2	a film
2	that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been
1	's rarely as entertaining as it could have been
2	's rarely as entertaining
2	's rarely
2	as entertaining
2	as it could have been
2	it could have been
2	could have been
2	have been
2	... they missed the boat .
1	they missed the boat .
1	missed the boat .
1	missed the boat
2	the boat
1	More dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .
0	More dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating
2	More dutiful
1	than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating
1	enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating
4	enchanting ...
1	terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating
1	terribly episodic and
1	terribly episodic
1	lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating
3	the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating
2	the spark of imagination
2	the spark
2	of imagination
3	that might have made it an exhilarating
2	might have made it an exhilarating
4	have made it an exhilarating
2	made it an exhilarating
3	it an exhilarating
2	it an
3	treat .
1	Laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
2	Laconic and very stilted in its dialogue
1	Laconic and
0	very stilted in its dialogue
2	stilted in its dialogue
2	in its dialogue
2	its dialogue
1	, this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
0	this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
2	this indie flick
2	indie flick
1	never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
0	found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
2	found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters
3	found its audience ,
2	found its audience
2	its audience
1	probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters
2	because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters
2	it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters
1	's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters
2	's extremely hard
2	extremely hard
2	to relate to any of the characters
2	relate to any of the characters
2	to any of the characters
2	any of the characters
2	of the characters
2	the characters
1	The comedy Death to Smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .
2	The comedy Death to Smoochy
2	The comedy Death
0	comedy Death
2	to Smoochy
1	is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .
1	is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience
1	a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience
2	a rancorous curiosity :
2	a rancorous curiosity
3	rancorous curiosity
0	a movie without an apparent audience
2	a movie
2	without an apparent audience
2	an apparent audience
2	apparent audience
1	Barney 's ideas about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .
2	Barney 's ideas about creation and identity
2	Barney 's ideas
3	Barney 's
2	about creation and identity
2	creation and identity
2	creation and
0	do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .
0	do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
2	do n't really
2	do n't
1	seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
2	seem all that profound , at least
2	all that profound , at least
3	that profound , at least
2	that profound ,
2	that profound
2	at least
1	by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
1	way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
2	of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
1	what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
1	can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
2	be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
1	gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
1	from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
0	this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
1	this three-hour endurance test
1	three-hour endurance test
2	endurance test
2	built around an hour 's worth of actual material
2	around an hour 's worth of actual material
3	an hour 's worth of actual material
2	an hour 's worth
2	an hour 's
2	hour 's
2	of actual material
2	actual material
2	Affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that Ford effortlessly filled with authority .
3	merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that Ford effortlessly filled with authority .
0	creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that Ford effortlessly filled with authority .
2	creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that Ford effortlessly filled with authority
3	an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that Ford effortlessly filled with authority
2	an outline for a role he still needs to grow into ,
1	an outline for a role he still needs to grow into
2	an outline
1	for a role he still needs to grow into
2	a role he still needs to grow into
2	a role
2	he still needs to grow into
2	still needs to grow into
2	needs to grow into
2	to grow into
2	grow into
3	a role that Ford effortlessly filled with authority
2	a role
2	that Ford effortlessly filled with authority
4	Ford effortlessly filled with authority
2	effortlessly filled with authority
3	filled with authority
2	with authority
1	Cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing Avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .
2	Cinematic pyrotechnics aside
2	Cinematic pyrotechnics
2	, the only thing Avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .
1	the only thing Avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .
1	the only thing Avary seems to care about
2	the only thing
2	only thing
3	Avary seems to care about
2	seems to care about
3	to care about
2	care about
1	are mean giggles and pulchritude .
2	are mean giggles and pulchritude
2	mean giggles and pulchritude
2	giggles and pulchritude
3	giggles and
2	It makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy 's idea of a good time .
2	It makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy 's idea of a good time
2	It makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls --
2	It makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls
2	makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls
2	makes sense
2	that he went back to school to check out the girls
2	he went back to school to check out the girls
2	went back to school to check out the girls
2	went back to school
3	went back
2	to school
2	to check out the girls
2	check out the girls
2	check out
2	the girls
2	his film is a frat boy 's idea of a good time
2	his film
1	is a frat boy 's idea of a good time
2	a frat boy 's idea of a good time
1	a frat boy 's idea
2	a frat boy 's
2	frat boy 's
2	boy 's
3	of a good time
3	a good time
3	good time
2	The narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys .
2	The narrative
0	is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys .
0	is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys
1	is so consistently unimaginative
1	so consistently unimaginative
1	consistently unimaginative
1	that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys
1	probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys
2	probably the only way
2	the only way
2	only way
3	to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys
1	have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys
3	saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys
2	the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys
2	the film
2	is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys
2	with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys
2	the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys
2	the aid
2	of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys
2	those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys
3	wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys
2	Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys
2	Science Theater 3000 guys
2	Theater 3000 guys
2	3000 guys
1	Nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .
1	Nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper
2	Nothing more or less
2	more or less
2	more or
2	than an outright bodice-ripper
2	an outright bodice-ripper
3	outright bodice-ripper
2	-- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .
1	it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .
2	it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows
1	should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows
1	have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows
2	ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows
2	ditched the artsy pretensions and
3	ditched the artsy pretensions
2	the artsy pretensions
2	artsy pretensions
3	revelled in the entertaining shallows
2	in the entertaining shallows
2	the entertaining shallows
2	entertaining shallows
3	A living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange .
2	A living
2	testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange .
2	testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange
3	to the power of the eccentric and the strange
2	the power of the eccentric and the strange
3	the power
2	of the eccentric and the strange
2	the eccentric and the strange
2	the eccentric and
2	the eccentric
2	the strange
1	The fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point .
0	The fact that it is n't very good
2	The fact
1	that it is n't very good
0	it is n't very good
1	is n't very good
1	is n't
3	very good
2	is almost beside the point .
2	is almost beside the point
1	is almost
2	beside the point
2	the point
1	Feels less like a cousin to Blade Runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series .
0	less like a cousin to Blade Runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series .
1	less like a cousin to Blade Runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series
2	like a cousin to Blade Runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series
2	like a cousin
2	a cousin
2	to Blade Runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series
2	to Blade Runner
2	Blade Runner
1	than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series
0	like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series
0	a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series
0	a bottom-feeder sequel
1	bottom-feeder sequel
2	in the Escape From New York series
2	the Escape From New York series
2	Escape From New York series
2	From New York series
2	New York series
2	York series
0	What might have been acceptable on the printed page of Iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .
2	What might have been acceptable on the printed page of Iles ' book
2	might have been acceptable on the printed page of Iles ' book
2	have been acceptable on the printed page of Iles ' book
2	been acceptable on the printed page of Iles ' book
2	acceptable on the printed page of Iles ' book
2	on the printed page of Iles ' book
2	the printed page of Iles ' book
2	the printed page
2	printed page
2	of Iles ' book
2	Iles ' book
2	Iles '
2	does not translate well to the screen .
1	does not translate well to the screen
2	does not
3	translate well to the screen
3	translate well
2	to the screen
2	the screen
1	If Oscar had a category called Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful But Was n't , Guys would probably be duking it out with The Queen of the Damned for the honor .
3	If Oscar had a category called Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful But Was n't
2	Oscar had a category called Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful But Was n't
2	had a category called Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful But Was n't
1	a category called Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful But Was n't
2	a category
2	called Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful But Was n't
1	called Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful But
1	called Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful
2	called Best
1	Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful
1	Bad Film
0	You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful
1	Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful
1	Was Going To Be Really Awful
0	Going To Be Really Awful
1	To Be Really Awful
0	Be Really Awful
0	Really Awful
2	Was n't
2	, Guys would probably be duking it out with The Queen of the Damned for the honor .
3	Guys would probably be duking it out with The Queen of the Damned for the honor .
1	would probably be duking it out with The Queen of the Damned for the honor .
2	would probably be duking it out with The Queen of the Damned for the honor
2	would probably
2	be duking it out with The Queen of the Damned for the honor
2	duking it out with The Queen of the Damned for the honor
2	duking it out with The Queen of the Damned
2	duking it out
2	duking it
2	with The Queen of the Damned
2	The Queen of the Damned
2	The Queen
2	of the Damned
2	the Damned
2	for the honor
3	the honor
0	A poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .
2	A poky and pseudo-serious
2	A poky and
2	A poky
0	exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .
1	exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise
1	in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise
1	sham actor workshops and an affected malaise
1	sham actor workshops and
1	sham actor workshops
2	actor workshops
1	an affected malaise
2	affected malaise
1	Mediocre fable from Burkina Faso .
2	fable from Burkina Faso .
2	fable from Burkina Faso
3	from Burkina Faso
2	Burkina Faso
3	Fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent .
3	Fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent
2	Fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but
1	Fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative ,
1	Fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative
1	has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative
2	nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative
1	nurtured his metaphors
2	his metaphors
2	at the expense of his narrative
2	the expense of his narrative
2	the expense
2	of his narrative
2	his narrative
4	he does display an original talent
3	does display an original talent
3	display an original talent
3	an original talent
4	original talent
2	Since the movie is based on a Nicholas Sparks best seller , you know death is lurking around the corner , just waiting to spoil things .
2	Since the movie is based on a Nicholas Sparks best seller
2	the movie is based on a Nicholas Sparks best seller
2	the movie
2	is based on a Nicholas Sparks best seller
3	based on a Nicholas Sparks best seller
2	on a Nicholas Sparks best seller
2	a Nicholas Sparks best seller
2	a Nicholas Sparks
2	Nicholas Sparks
3	best seller
2	, you know death is lurking around the corner , just waiting to spoil things .
2	you know death is lurking around the corner , just waiting to spoil things .
2	know death is lurking around the corner , just waiting to spoil things .
2	know death is lurking around the corner , just waiting to spoil things
1	death is lurking around the corner , just waiting to spoil things
2	is lurking around the corner , just waiting to spoil things
1	lurking around the corner , just waiting to spoil things
2	lurking around the corner ,
2	lurking around the corner
2	around the corner
2	the corner
2	just waiting to spoil things
1	waiting to spoil things
1	to spoil things
1	spoil things
1	Bottom-rung New Jack City wannabe .
1	Bottom-rung New Jack City
2	New Jack City
2	Jack City
1	wannabe .
1	Fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience .
1	Fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience
1	Fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and
1	Fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies ,
1	Fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies
0	takes no apparent joy in making movies
1	takes no apparent joy
1	no apparent joy
3	apparent joy
2	in making movies
2	making movies
1	he gives none to the audience
1	gives none to the audience
2	gives none
2	to the audience
2	the audience
1	It 's mildly amusing , but I certainly ca n't recommend it .
2	It 's mildly amusing , but I certainly ca n't recommend it
2	It 's mildly amusing , but
2	It 's mildly amusing ,
2	It 's mildly amusing
2	's mildly amusing
3	mildly amusing
1	I certainly ca n't recommend it
0	certainly ca n't recommend it
0	ca n't recommend it
2	ca n't
3	recommend it
3	Nicholas Nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting Dickensian decency that it turned me -LRB- horrors ! -RRB-
2	Nicholas Nickleby
3	celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting Dickensian decency that it turned me -LRB- horrors ! -RRB-
3	celebrates the human spirit
2	the human spirit
2	human spirit
2	with such unrelenting Dickensian decency that it turned me -LRB- horrors ! -RRB-
2	such unrelenting Dickensian decency that it turned me -LRB- horrors ! -RRB-
3	such unrelenting Dickensian decency that it turned me
2	such unrelenting Dickensian decency
2	unrelenting Dickensian decency
2	Dickensian decency
2	that it turned me
2	it turned me
2	turned me
2	-LRB- horrors ! -RRB-
1	horrors ! -RRB-
1	horrors !
2	into Scrooge .
2	into Scrooge
1	Fear Dot Com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .
2	Fear Dot Com
2	Dot Com
0	is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .
0	is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds
0	more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds
0	frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds
1	than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds
1	a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds
2	a modem
1	that disconnects every 10 seconds
1	disconnects every 10 seconds
2	every 10 seconds
2	10 seconds
1	Full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , Kung Pow !
1	Full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , Kung Pow
2	of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , Kung Pow
2	flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , Kung Pow
2	flatulence jokes and
2	flatulence jokes
2	mild sexual references , Kung Pow
2	mild sexual references ,
2	mild sexual references
2	sexual references
2	Kung Pow
1	is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .
0	is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low
1	the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low
2	the kind of movie
2	the kind
2	of movie
1	that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low
0	's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low
2	's critic-proof , simply
2	's critic-proof ,
2	's critic-proof
1	because it aims so low
1	it aims so low
1	aims so low
1	so low
0	May cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .
3	cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .
0	cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
3	you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
2	to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
1	bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
2	your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
1	tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
1	to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
1	keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
1	from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
1	laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
1	at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
1	the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
1	the ridiculous dialog or
1	the ridiculous dialog
0	ridiculous dialog
2	the oh-so convenient plot twists
2	oh-so convenient plot twists
2	convenient plot twists
2	plot twists
1	There are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .
2	are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .
0	are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations
2	are just
1	too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations
1	too many characters saying too many clever things and
2	too many characters saying too many clever things
1	too many characters
2	many characters
2	saying too many clever things
1	too many clever things
1	too many
2	clever things
1	getting into too many pointless situations
1	into too many pointless situations
1	too many pointless situations
2	too many pointless
1	many pointless
0	Where 's the movie here ?
2	's the movie here ?
2	's the movie here
2	's the movie
2	the movie
2	A dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires .
1	A dark , dull thriller with a parting
1	A dark , dull thriller
0	dark , dull thriller
1	, dull thriller
1	dull thriller
2	with a parting
2	a parting
1	shot that misfires .
2	shot that misfires
1	that misfires
1	Lacking substance and soul , Crossroads comes up shorter than Britney 's cutoffs .
1	Lacking substance and soul
3	substance and soul
2	substance and
0	, Crossroads comes up shorter than Britney 's cutoffs .
0	Crossroads comes up shorter than Britney 's cutoffs .
1	comes up shorter than Britney 's cutoffs .
0	comes up shorter than Britney 's cutoffs
2	comes up
1	shorter than Britney 's cutoffs
2	than Britney 's cutoffs
1	Britney 's cutoffs
2	Britney 's
1	Cassavetes thinks he 's making Dog Day Afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .
1	Cassavetes thinks he 's making Dog Day Afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon
2	Cassavetes thinks he 's making Dog Day Afternoon with a cause , but
2	Cassavetes thinks he 's making Dog Day Afternoon with a cause ,
2	Cassavetes thinks he 's making Dog Day Afternoon with a cause
2	thinks he 's making Dog Day Afternoon with a cause
3	he 's making Dog Day Afternoon with a cause
2	's making Dog Day Afternoon with a cause
3	making Dog Day Afternoon with a cause
2	Dog Day Afternoon with a cause
2	Dog Day Afternoon
2	Day Afternoon
3	with a cause
2	a cause
0	all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon
2	all he 's done
1	he 's done
2	's done
1	is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon
1	to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon
1	reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon
2	reduce everything he
2	reduce everything
1	touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon
2	touches to
1	a shrill , didactic cartoon
2	shrill , didactic cartoon
2	, didactic cartoon
2	didactic cartoon
0	Buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled Mr. Chips off the Old Block .
1	Buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled Mr. Chips off the Old Block
1	Buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images
2	Buries an interesting storyline
3	an interesting storyline
3	interesting storyline
1	about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images
0	morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images
2	morality and
1	the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images
3	the choices
1	we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images
0	make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images
0	underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images
1	such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images
2	such a mountain
2	a mountain
1	of clichés and borrowed images
1	clichés and borrowed images
2	clichés and
1	borrowed images
2	that it might more accurately be titled Mr. Chips off the Old Block
2	it might more accurately be titled Mr. Chips off the Old Block
1	might more accurately be titled Mr. Chips off the Old Block
2	might more accurately
2	more accurately
2	be titled Mr. Chips off the Old Block
2	titled Mr. Chips off the Old Block
2	Mr. Chips off the Old Block
2	Mr. Chips
2	off the Old Block
2	the Old Block
2	Old Block
1	Although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
2	Although sensitive to a fault
2	sensitive to a fault
2	to a fault
1	a fault
1	, it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
1	it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
2	's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
1	's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken
1	's often overwritten ,
1	's often overwritten
1	often overwritten
2	with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken
2	a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken
2	a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and
3	a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past
2	a surfeit
3	of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past
3	weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past
2	weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and
3	weighty revelations , flowery dialogue ,
2	weighty revelations , flowery dialogue
2	weighty revelations ,
2	weighty revelations
2	flowery dialogue
2	nostalgia for the past
2	for the past
2	the past
2	roads not taken
1	not taken
0	It 's so badly made on every level that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
0	's so badly made on every level that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
0	's so badly made on every level that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it
0	so badly made on every level that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it
0	so badly made on every level
0	badly made on every level
2	made on every level
2	on every level
2	every level
1	that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it
0	I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it
1	'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it
2	'm actually
0	having a hard time believing people were paid to make it
2	having a hard time
1	a hard time
1	hard time
1	believing people were paid to make it
2	people were paid to make it
2	were paid to make it
2	paid to make it
2	to make it
2	make it
1	In the real world , an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` Girl in Bar # 3 . ''
2	In the real world
2	the real world
2	real world
1	, an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` Girl in Bar # 3 . ''
2	an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` Girl in Bar # 3 . ''
3	an actor this uncharismatically beautiful
2	an actor
2	this uncharismatically beautiful
1	this uncharismatically
1	would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` Girl in Bar # 3 . ''
1	would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` Girl in Bar # 3 .
2	would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` Girl in Bar # 3
1	have a résumé loaded with credits like `` Girl in Bar # 3
1	a résumé loaded with credits like `` Girl in Bar # 3
2	a résumé
2	loaded with credits like `` Girl in Bar # 3
2	loaded with credits like `` Girl
2	with credits like `` Girl
2	credits like `` Girl
2	like `` Girl
2	like ``
2	in Bar # 3
2	Bar # 3
2	# 3
1	... although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired .
1	although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired .
1	although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired
1	although this idea is `` new ''
2	this idea is `` new ''
2	this idea
2	is `` new ''
2	is `` new
2	is ``
1	the results are tired
2	the results
2	are tired
3	I 'm guessing the director is a magician .
3	'm guessing the director is a magician .
2	'm guessing the director is a magician
2	guessing the director is a magician
3	the director is a magician
2	the director
3	is a magician
2	a magician
1	After all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
2	After all
0	, he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
1	he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
0	took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
0	took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long
1	took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and
2	took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot
1	three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot
2	three minutes
2	of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot
0	dialogue , 30 seconds of plot
2	dialogue ,
1	30 seconds of plot
2	30 seconds
2	of plot
0	turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long
2	turned them
0	into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long
1	a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long
2	a 90-minute movie
2	90-minute movie
2	that feels five hours long
1	feels five hours long
1	five hours long
2	five hours
1	An unencouraging threefold expansion on the former MTV series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .
1	An unencouraging threefold expansion on the former MTV series
1	An unencouraging threefold expansion
1	unencouraging threefold expansion
3	threefold expansion
2	on the former MTV series
2	the former MTV series
2	former MTV series
2	MTV series
1	, accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .
1	accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .
1	accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc.
1	accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits
1	the stunt-hungry dimwits
1	stunt-hungry dimwits
1	in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc.
1	a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc.
2	a random series
2	random series
2	of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc.
2	collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc.
2	gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc.
1	, pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc.
2	pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc.
1	, pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc.
2	pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc.
2	, dares , injuries , etc.
2	dares , injuries , etc.
2	, injuries , etc.
2	injuries , etc.
2	injuries ,
0	In its own way , Joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a Luis Buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius .
2	In its own way
2	its own way
2	own way
2	, Joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a Luis Buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius .
1	Joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a Luis Buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius .
0	is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a Luis Buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius .
1	is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a Luis Buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius
1	is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a Luis Buñuel film
0	as blasphemous and nonsensical as a Luis Buñuel film
1	as blasphemous and nonsensical
0	blasphemous and nonsensical
1	blasphemous and
2	as a Luis Buñuel film
3	a Luis Buñuel film
2	Luis Buñuel film
2	Buñuel film
2	without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius
4	the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius
2	the latter 's attendant intelligence ,
1	the latter 's attendant intelligence
2	the latter 's
2	latter 's
2	attendant intelligence
4	poetry , passion , and genius
4	, passion , and genius
4	passion , and genius
3	, and genius
3	, and
0	an appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton .
1	an appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton
0	an appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip-off
0	appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip-off
1	` Ace Ventura ' rip-off
0	Ace Ventura ' rip-off
2	Ace Ventura
0	' rip-off
1	that somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton
3	somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton
2	manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton
2	to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton
2	bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton
2	bring together
2	Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton
2	Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and
2	Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna
2	Kevin Pollak ,
2	Kevin Pollak
2	former wrestler Chyna
2	wrestler Chyna
2	Dolly Parton
1	If any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...
1	If any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future
1	any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future
2	any of them
2	of them
2	list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future
2	list this ` credit ' on their resumes
2	this ` credit ' on their resumes
2	this ` credit '
2	` credit '
2	credit '
2	on their resumes
2	their resumes
2	in the future
2	the future
1	, that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...
1	that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...
2	'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...
2	'll be much funnier than anything in the film
1	be much funnier than anything in the film
3	be much funnier than anything
3	much funnier than anything
4	funnier than anything
2	than anything
2	in the film
2	the film
0	The only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .
0	The only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair
3	The only entertainment
2	only entertainment
1	you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair
0	'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair
0	derive from this choppy and sloppy affair
0	from this choppy and sloppy affair
0	this choppy and sloppy affair
1	choppy and sloppy affair
0	choppy and sloppy
1	choppy and
0	will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .
2	will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them
2	be from unintentional giggles -- several of them
2	from unintentional giggles -- several of them
2	unintentional giggles -- several of them
2	unintentional giggles --
2	unintentional giggles
2	several of them
2	of them
1	Puportedly `` Based on True Events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story '' with a straight face .
1	`` Based on True Events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story '' with a straight face .
1	`` Based on True Events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it
2	Based on True Events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it
2	Based on True Events , ''
2	Based on True Events ,
2	Based on True Events
2	on True Events
2	True Events
1	a convolution of language that suggests it
2	a convolution of language
1	a convolution
2	of language
2	that suggests it
2	suggests it
1	's impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story '' with a straight face .
1	's impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story '' with a straight face
1	impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story '' with a straight face
1	impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story ''
1	impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story
2	to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story
2	claim that it is `` Based on a True Story
2	that it is `` Based on a True Story
2	it is `` Based on a True Story
2	is `` Based on a True Story
2	is ``
2	Based on a True Story
2	on a True Story
2	a True Story
2	True Story
2	with a straight face
3	a straight face
2	straight face
0	... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !
0	a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !
1	a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project
2	a plotline
0	that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project
0	's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project
1	's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ...
1	's as lumpy as two-day old porridge
1	as lumpy as two-day old porridge
0	lumpy as two-day old porridge
0	as two-day old porridge
1	two-day old porridge
1	old porridge
0	the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project
1	the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say ,
1	the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say
2	the filmmakers ' paws ,
2	the filmmakers ' paws
2	the filmmakers '
2	filmmakers '
1	sad to say
2	to say
1	were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project
0	all over this `` un-bear-able '' project
0	over this `` un-bear-able '' project
1	this `` un-bear-able '' project
1	`` un-bear-able '' project
0	un-bear-able '' project
2	'' project
3	Tambor and Clayburgh make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic , she 's appealingly manic and energetic .
2	Tambor and Clayburgh make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic
2	Tambor and Clayburgh
2	Tambor and
3	make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic
3	an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic
3	an appealing couple --
3	an appealing couple
3	appealing couple
2	he 's understated and sardonic
2	's understated and sardonic
2	understated and sardonic
2	understated and
3	, she 's appealingly manic and energetic .
3	she 's appealingly manic and energetic .
3	's appealingly manic and energetic .
3	's appealingly manic and energetic
4	appealingly manic and energetic
3	manic and energetic
2	manic and
1	Both deserve better .
1	deserve better .
1	deserve better
1	-- that the ` true story ' by which All the Queen 's Men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen .
2	that the ` true story ' by which All the Queen 's Men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen .
0	that the ` true story ' by which All the Queen 's Men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
1	the ` true story ' by which All the Queen 's Men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
2	the ` true story '
3	` true story '
2	true story '
2	story '
0	by which All the Queen 's Men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
2	by which
1	All the Queen 's Men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
2	All the Queen 's Men
2	the Queen 's Men
2	the Queen 's
2	Queen 's
1	is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
2	allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
2	allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and
1	allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier
2	`` inspired '' was a lot funnier
1	inspired '' was a lot funnier
3	inspired ''
2	was a lot funnier
2	a lot funnier
3	lot funnier
2	more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
2	more deftly
1	enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
1	than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
2	what 's been cobbled together onscreen
2	's been cobbled together onscreen
1	been cobbled together onscreen
2	cobbled together onscreen
2	cobbled together
0	Is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ?
1	Is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film
2	Is there
1	a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film
2	a group
1	of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film
2	more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film
1	more self-absorbed women than the mother and
2	more self-absorbed women than the mother
2	more self-absorbed women
2	self-absorbed women
2	than the mother
2	the mother
2	daughters featured in this film
2	featured in this film
2	in this film
2	this film
1	I do n't think so .
1	do n't think so .
1	do n't think so
2	do n't
2	think so
1	Nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .
1	Nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me
2	Nothing wrong with performances here , but
3	Nothing wrong with performances here ,
3	Nothing wrong with performances here
1	wrong with performances here
2	with performances here
2	performances here
1	the whiney characters bugged me
2	the whiney characters
2	whiney characters
1	bugged me
1	Not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid .
2	a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid .
1	a stereotype
1	is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid .
0	is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid
1	omitted nor a cliché left unsaid
0	nor a cliché left unsaid
1	a cliché left unsaid
1	a cliché left
1	a cliché
0	Another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
2	Another week
0	, another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
0	another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
1	another gross-out college comedy -- ugh
1	another gross-out college comedy --
2	another gross-out college comedy
1	gross-out college comedy
2	college comedy
1	A battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee .
1	A battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye
2	A battle
2	between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye
1	bug-eye theatre and dead-eye
2	theatre and dead-eye
2	theatre and
2	matinee .
0	The movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .
2	The movie
0	is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .
1	is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical
2	is virtually
1	without context -- journalistic or historical
2	context -- journalistic or historical
2	-- journalistic or historical
3	journalistic or historical
2	journalistic or
1	What 's worse is that Pelosi knows it .
1	What 's worse
1	's worse
2	is that Pelosi knows it .
2	is that Pelosi knows it
2	that Pelosi knows it
2	Pelosi knows it
2	knows it
1	... instead go rent `` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance .
2	instead go rent `` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance .
1	instead go rent `` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance
3	go rent `` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance
1	rent `` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance
4	`` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance
3	`` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and
3	`` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme
2	`` Shakes The Clown '' ,
2	`` Shakes The Clown ''
2	Shakes The Clown ''
2	The Clown ''
2	Clown ''
3	a much funnier film with a similar theme
3	a much funnier film
3	much funnier film
3	funnier film
2	with a similar theme
2	a similar theme
2	similar theme
4	an equally great Robin Williams performance
4	equally great Robin Williams performance
3	equally great
2	Robin Williams performance
2	Williams performance
1	If the title is a Jeopardy question , then the answer might be `` How does Steven Seagal come across these days ? ''
2	If the title is a Jeopardy question
2	the title is a Jeopardy question
2	the title
2	is a Jeopardy question
2	a Jeopardy question
2	Jeopardy question
2	, then the answer might be `` How does Steven Seagal come across these days ? ''
2	then the answer might be `` How does Steven Seagal come across these days ? ''
2	then the answer
2	the answer
2	might be `` How does Steven Seagal come across these days ? ''
2	might be `` How does Steven Seagal come across these days ?
2	be `` How does Steven Seagal come across these days ?
2	be ``
2	How does Steven Seagal come across these days ?
1	does Steven Seagal come across these days ?
2	does Steven Seagal come across these days
2	does Steven Seagal
3	Steven Seagal
2	come across these days
2	across these days
2	these days
0	or maybe `` How will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
0	maybe `` How will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
1	`` How will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
1	How will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
0	will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
0	will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ?
0	will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering
2	will you
1	feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering
1	feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock
0	after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock
0	an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock
0	an 88-minute rip-off
0	88-minute rip-off
2	of The Rock
2	The Rock
1	with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering
1	action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering
2	confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering
2	to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering
2	slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering
2	slo-mo gun firing and
2	slo-mo gun firing
2	gun firing
1	random glass-shattering
0	The appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet .
0	The appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet
0	The appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is --
0	The appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is
2	The appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour
2	The appeal
0	of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour
1	the vulgar , sexist , racist humour
0	vulgar , sexist , racist humour
0	vulgar , sexist
1	, sexist
1	, racist humour
1	racist humour
1	went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is
1	went over my head or -- considering just
1	went over my head or
1	went over my head
2	went over
2	my head
2	-- considering just
2	considering just
0	how low brow it is
1	how low brow
2	low brow
3	it is
2	perhaps it snuck under my feet
2	it snuck under my feet
2	snuck under my feet
2	under my feet
2	my feet
1	The story really has no place to go since Simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict .
1	The story really has no place to go since Simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict
1	The story really has no place to go since Simone is not real --
1	The story really has no place to go since Simone is not real
2	The story
1	really has no place to go since Simone is not real
1	has no place to go since Simone is not real
2	no place to go since Simone is not real
2	place to go since Simone is not real
2	to go since Simone is not real
2	go since Simone is not real
2	since Simone is not real
2	Simone is not real
1	is not real
1	is not
1	she ca n't provide any conflict
2	ca n't provide any conflict
2	ca n't
1	provide any conflict
2	any conflict
1	First-time director João Pedro Rodrigues ' unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .
1	First-time director João Pedro Rodrigues ' unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations
2	First-time director João Pedro Rodrigues '
2	director João Pedro Rodrigues '
2	João Pedro Rodrigues '
2	Pedro Rodrigues '
2	Rodrigues '
1	unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations
2	to define his hero 's background or motivations
2	define his hero 's background or motivations
2	his hero 's background or motivations
2	his hero 's
2	hero 's
2	background or motivations
2	background or
0	becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .
0	becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on
1	becomes more and more frustrating
1	more and more frustrating
2	more and
1	more frustrating
2	as the film goes on
2	the film goes on
2	the film
2	goes on
0	`` Interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
1	Interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
0	'' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
0	loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
0	loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into
2	loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary
1	loses its overall sense of mystery and
1	loses its overall sense of mystery
3	its overall sense of mystery
2	its overall sense
2	overall sense
2	of mystery
1	becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary
1	a TV episode rather than a documentary
2	a TV episode rather than
2	a TV episode
2	TV episode
2	rather than
2	a documentary
2	that you actually buy into
3	you actually buy into
2	actually buy into
2	buy into
1	` Unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .
1	Unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .
2	' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .
0	cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .
1	cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory
2	cheats on itself and retreats
2	on itself and retreats
1	itself and retreats
2	itself and
2	to comfortable territory
2	comfortable territory
1	Too bad .
2	Too bad
0	Thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad Scouse accents
1	Thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot
0	Thoughtless , random , superficial humour and
1	Thoughtless , random , superficial humour
1	Thoughtless ,
1	random , superficial humour
2	, superficial humour
1	superficial humour
2	a lot
0	of very bad Scouse accents
1	very bad Scouse accents
2	very bad
2	Scouse accents
1	Plays like one of those conversations that Comic Book Guy on `` The Simpsons '' has .
2	like one of those conversations that Comic Book Guy on `` The Simpsons '' has .
2	like one of those conversations that Comic Book Guy on `` The Simpsons '' has
2	like one of those conversations
2	one of those conversations
2	of those conversations
2	those conversations
2	that Comic Book Guy on `` The Simpsons '' has
2	Comic Book Guy on `` The Simpsons '' has
2	Comic Book Guy on `` The Simpsons ''
2	Comic Book Guy
2	Book Guy
2	on `` The Simpsons ''
2	`` The Simpsons ''
2	The Simpsons ''
2	Simpsons ''
2	`` Juwanna Mann ? ''
2	Juwanna Mann ? ''
2	Mann ? ''
2	Mann ?
1	No thanks .
2	thanks .
1	Wewannour money back , actually .
1	Wewannour money back , actually
0	Wewannour money back ,
1	Wewannour money back
1	Wewannour money
2	Newcomer helmer Kevin Donovan is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
2	Newcomer helmer Kevin Donovan
2	helmer Kevin Donovan
2	Kevin Donovan
0	is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
2	is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman
1	hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman
1	by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman
1	a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman
0	a badly handled screenplay
0	badly handled screenplay
1	badly handled
3	of what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman
3	what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman
3	what is really an amusing concept
3	is really an amusing concept
2	is really
3	an amusing concept
3	amusing concept
2	-- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman
2	a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman
2	a high-tech tux
2	high-tech tux
3	that transforms its wearer into a superman
3	transforms its wearer into a superman
3	transforms its wearer
2	its wearer
2	into a superman
2	a superman
0	Should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .
0	Should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
2	Should n't
0	have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
1	been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
0	allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
2	allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title ,
1	allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title
1	to use the word `` new '' in its title
2	use the word `` new '' in its title
2	use the word `` new ''
2	the word `` new ''
2	the word
2	`` new ''
2	new ''
2	in its title
2	its title
0	because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
0	there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
1	's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
2	's not
1	an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
2	an original character , siuation or joke
3	original character , siuation or joke
2	character , siuation or joke
2	, siuation or joke
2	siuation or joke
2	siuation or
2	in the entire movie
2	the entire movie
2	entire movie
1	Often silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .
1	silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .
2	silly -- and gross -- but it
0	silly -- and gross --
1	-- and gross --
1	-- and gross
2	-- and
2	but it
2	's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .
1	's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films
2	's rarely
0	as moronic as some campus gross-out films
0	as moronic as some campus
0	moronic as some campus
2	as some campus
2	some campus
2	gross-out films
1	The advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap .
2	The advantage of a postapocalyptic setting
2	The advantage
2	of a postapocalyptic setting
2	a postapocalyptic setting
2	postapocalyptic setting
2	is that it can be made on the cheap .
2	is that it can be made on the cheap
2	that it can be made on the cheap
2	it can be made on the cheap
1	can be made on the cheap
0	be made on the cheap
1	made on the cheap
2	on the cheap
1	the cheap
1	Any rock pile will do for a set .
2	Any rock pile
2	rock pile
2	will do for a set .
2	will do for a set
2	do for a set
2	for a set
2	a set
0	Reign of Fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
2	Reign of Fire
2	of Fire
0	has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
0	has the disadvantage of also looking cheap
1	the disadvantage of also looking cheap
2	the disadvantage
2	of also looking cheap
1	also looking cheap
2	looking cheap
2	Britney 's performance can not be faulted .
2	Britney 's performance
2	Britney 's
3	can not be faulted .
2	can not be faulted
2	can not
2	be faulted
1	Lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .
1	's a dull girl , that 's all .
1	's a dull girl , that 's all
1	a dull girl , that 's all
1	a dull girl ,
1	a dull girl
0	dull girl
2	that 's all
2	's all
1	I admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .
1	admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .
2	admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time
2	admire it and
3	admire it
1	yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time
1	can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time
2	can not
3	recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time
4	recommend it ,
3	recommend it
1	because it overstays its natural running time
1	it overstays its natural running time
1	overstays its natural running time
2	its natural running time
3	natural running time
2	running time
0	It 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
0	It 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
0	It 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but
0	It 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over ,
0	It 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
0	's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
0	a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
1	a bad sign
1	bad sign
0	when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
0	you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
0	're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
1	rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
3	rooting for the film
2	for the film
2	the film
1	to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
0	hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
2	hurry up and
2	hurry up
1	get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
2	get to its subjects ' deaths
2	to its subjects ' deaths
2	its subjects ' deaths
2	its subjects '
2	subjects '
1	just so the documentary will be over
2	so the documentary will be over
2	the documentary will be over
2	the documentary
2	will be over
3	be over
2	it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
1	's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
1	indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
1	of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
1	how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
1	uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
1	uncompelling the movie
2	the movie
2	is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
1	unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
2	it happens to cover your particular area of interest
2	happens to cover your particular area of interest
2	to cover your particular area of interest
2	cover your particular area of interest
2	your particular area of interest
2	your particular area
2	particular area
3	of interest
1	Stephen Earnhart 's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .
2	Stephen Earnhart 's documentary
2	Stephen Earnhart 's
2	Earnhart 's
2	is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .
0	is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type
2	is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text --
0	a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text --
1	a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition
1	a decomposition
4	of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition
3	healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition
2	healthy eccentric
3	inspiration and ambition
3	inspiration and
1	-- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text --
2	wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text --
3	wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text
1	a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text
2	a cloak
2	of unsentimental , straightforward text
2	unsentimental , straightforward text
2	, straightforward text
2	straightforward text
0	when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type
2	it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type
1	's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type
2	's really
1	an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type
2	an exercise
1	in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type
1	gross romanticization of the delusional personality type
1	gross romanticization
1	of the delusional personality type
2	the delusional personality type
2	delusional personality type
2	personality type
0	A semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .
0	A semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer
2	A semi-autobiographical film
2	semi-autobiographical film
1	that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer
0	's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer
0	so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer
0	so sloppily written and
1	so sloppily written
1	sloppily written
2	cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer
1	that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer
2	you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer
2	can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer
2	can not
2	believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer
2	anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer
2	more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer
2	central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer
2	to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer
2	the creation of Bugsy than the caterer
2	the creation
2	of Bugsy than the caterer
2	Bugsy than the caterer
2	than the caterer
2	the caterer
2	had anything to do with it .
2	had anything to do with it
2	anything to do with it
2	to do with it
2	do with it
3	with it
0	The movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks .
2	The movie
0	barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks .
1	makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks .
1	makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks
2	makes sense ,
2	makes sense
0	with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks
1	its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks
1	unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks
1	naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks
1	naïveté and arbitrary
2	naïveté and
2	Pumpkin struts about with `` courage '' pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back .
0	struts about with `` courage '' pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back .
2	struts about with `` courage '' pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back
1	about with `` courage '' pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back
1	with `` courage '' pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back
2	`` courage '' pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back
2	`` courage ''
3	courage ''
1	pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back
1	pinned to its huckster lapel
2	to its huckster lapel
1	its huckster lapel
3	huckster lapel
2	while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back
0	a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back
2	a yellow streak a mile wide
2	a yellow streak
2	yellow streak
2	a mile wide
2	a mile
2	decorates its back
2	its back
0	Build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year .
0	Build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
2	Build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and
2	Build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show ,
2	Build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show
2	Build some robots ,
2	Build some robots
2	some robots
2	haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show
3	haul 'em to the theatre
2	haul 'em
2	to the theatre
2	the theatre
2	with you for the late show
2	you for the late show
2	for the late show
2	the late show
2	late show
0	put on your own Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
2	put on your own Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute
2	put on
3	your own Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute
3	own Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute
2	Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute
2	Science Theatre 3000 tribute
2	Theatre 3000 tribute
2	3000 tribute
0	to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
0	what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
0	is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
3	is almost certainly
2	almost certainly
1	going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
0	to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
0	go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
2	go down
0	as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
2	the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
1	the worst -- and only -- killer website movie
0	worst -- and only -- killer website movie
0	worst -- and only --
2	-- and only --
2	-- and only
2	-- and
3	killer website movie
2	website movie
2	of this or any other year
2	this or any other year
2	this or
2	any other year
2	other year
0	... has about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
0	has about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
0	has about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
1	about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
2	about 3\/4th the fun
2	about 3\/4th
3	the fun
0	of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
0	its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
2	its spry 2001 predecessor
2	spry 2001 predecessor
2	spry 2001
0	-- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
0	but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
0	but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half
1	it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half
2	it 's
0	a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half
0	a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel
1	rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel
1	rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake -
0	rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake
1	rushed , slapdash ,
1	rushed , slapdash
1	rushed ,
2	with less than half
2	less than half
2	than half
2	the plot and ingenuity
2	the plot and
2	the plot
1	It 's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .
0	's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .
1	's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
0	tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
1	to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
2	tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
1	which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
0	is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
0	in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
0	more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
2	more abundant supply
2	abundant supply
0	in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
0	this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
1	this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert ,
0	this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert
1	this woefully hackneyed movie ,
1	this woefully hackneyed movie
1	woefully hackneyed movie
1	woefully hackneyed
2	directed by Scott Kalvert
2	by Scott Kalvert
2	Scott Kalvert
1	about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
0	street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
1	street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or
1	street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence ,
0	street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence
1	street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches ,
2	street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches
2	street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn --
2	street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn
2	street gangs and
2	street gangs
2	turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn
2	turf wars
3	in 1958 Brooklyn
2	1958 Brooklyn
2	stale cliches
2	gratuitous violence
2	empty machismo
1	Gooding and Coburn are both Oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable .
2	Gooding and Coburn
2	Gooding and
2	are both Oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable .
1	are both Oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable
1	both Oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable
3	both Oscar winners ,
3	both Oscar winners
3	Oscar winners
1	a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable
2	a fact
1	which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable
1	, as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable
1	, as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs ,
1	as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs ,
1	as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs
1	you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs
1	watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs
2	them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs
1	clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs
1	mugging their way through Snow Dogs
2	mugging their way
2	their way
2	through Snow Dogs
2	Snow Dogs
1	seems inconceivable
1	At every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it
0	At every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left
0	At every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ...
0	At every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability
3	At every opportunity to do something clever
2	every opportunity to do something clever
2	opportunity to do something clever
2	to do something clever
2	do something clever
3	something clever
0	, the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability
0	the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability
2	the film
1	goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability
2	goes right over the edge and
2	goes right over the edge
3	goes right
2	over the edge
3	the edge
0	kills every sense of believability
2	every sense of believability
2	every sense
2	of believability
2	all you have left
2	you have left
2	have left
1	is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it
0	is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad
1	a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad
2	a no-surprise series of explosions and violence
2	a no-surprise series
1	no-surprise series
2	of explosions and violence
2	explosions and violence
2	explosions and
1	while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad
0	Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad
0	looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad
2	like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad
2	he 's not trying to laugh at how bad
1	's not trying to laugh at how bad
2	's not
1	trying to laugh at how bad
1	to laugh at how bad
0	laugh at how bad
2	at how bad
2	how bad
0	... pitiful , slapdash disaster .
0	pitiful , slapdash disaster .
0	, slapdash disaster .
1	slapdash disaster .
0	slapdash disaster
0	A DOA dud from frame one .
1	A DOA
0	dud from frame one .
0	dud from frame one
2	from frame one
3	frame one
1	Jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company .
1	Jaw-droppingly superficial
1	, straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company .
1	straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company .
1	straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company
1	to get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company
1	get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company
0	by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company
1	on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company
2	humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company
1	that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company
2	is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company
1	is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days
2	is not even
1	is not
3	as daring as John Ritter 's glory days
3	daring as John Ritter 's glory days
3	as John Ritter 's glory days
2	John Ritter 's glory days
2	John Ritter 's
2	Ritter 's
3	glory days
2	on Three 's Company
2	Three 's Company
2	Three 's
3	There are plenty of scenes in Frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself .
2	are plenty of scenes in Frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself .
2	are plenty of scenes in Frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself
2	plenty of scenes in Frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself
2	plenty of scenes in Frida
2	of scenes in Frida
2	scenes in Frida
2	in Frida
2	that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself
2	do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself
2	do work , but rarely
2	do work , but
2	do work ,
2	do work
2	do they involve the title character herself
2	they involve the title character herself
2	involve the title character herself
2	the title character herself
2	the title character
2	title character
1	Although God Is Great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
3	Although God Is Great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage
3	God Is Great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage
2	God Is Great
3	Is Great
3	addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage
3	interesting matters of identity and heritage
3	interesting matters
2	of identity and heritage
2	identity and heritage
2	identity and
1	, it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
1	it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
1	's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
1	's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film
1	hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film
2	to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film
1	shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film
2	shake the feeling
2	the feeling
3	that it was intended to be a different kind of film
2	it was intended to be a different kind of film
2	was intended to be a different kind of film
2	intended to be a different kind of film
2	to be a different kind of film
3	be a different kind of film
2	a different kind of film
2	a different kind
2	different kind
2	of film
2	The dark and bittersweet twist feels strange as things turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film .
3	The dark and bittersweet twist
3	dark and bittersweet twist
3	dark and bittersweet
2	dark and
2	feels strange as things turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film .
2	feels strange as things turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film
1	feels strange
1	as things turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film
2	things turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film
1	turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film
1	turn nasty and tragic
2	nasty and tragic
1	nasty and
2	during the final third of the film
2	the final third of the film
2	the final third
3	final third
2	of the film
2	the film
1	First-timer John McKay is never able to pull it back on course .
2	First-timer John McKay
2	John McKay
1	is never able to pull it back on course .
2	is never able to pull it back on course
2	is never
3	able to pull it back on course
2	to pull it back on course
2	pull it back on course
1	pull it back
2	pull it
2	on course
0	Distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register .
1	Distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register
1	Distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares ,
1	Distances you
2	by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares ,
1	throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares ,
2	throwing out
1	so many red herrings , so many false scares ,
1	so many red herrings , so many false scares
1	so many red herrings ,
1	so many red herrings
2	so many
2	red herrings
1	so many false scares
1	many false scares
2	false scares
2	that the genuine ones barely register
1	the genuine ones barely register
2	the genuine ones
3	genuine ones
1	barely register
1	Godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .
1	Godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things
2	uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things
2	his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things
1	his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term --
2	his characters
2	-- if that 's not too glorified a term --
2	if that 's not too glorified a term --
3	if that 's not too glorified a term
2	that 's not too glorified a term
2	's not too glorified a term
2	's not too
2	's not
2	glorified a term
2	a term
2	as art things
2	art things
1	, mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .
2	mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .
2	mouthpieces , visual motifs ,
2	mouthpieces , visual motifs
2	mouthpieces ,
2	visual motifs
2	blanks .
1	The movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .
2	The movie
0	generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .
2	generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing
3	generates plot points
2	plot points
1	with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing
1	a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing
2	a degree
1	of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing
1	randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing
2	usually achieved only by lottery drawing
2	achieved only by lottery drawing
2	achieved only
2	by lottery drawing
2	lottery drawing
0	A predictable , manipulative stinker .
1	A predictable , manipulative stinker
1	predictable , manipulative stinker
2	predictable , manipulative
1	, manipulative
1	The story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .
2	The story
1	passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .
0	passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge
2	passes time
2	until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge
1	it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge
2	's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge
1	time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge
1	for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge
2	an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge
1	an absurd finale
0	absurd finale
2	of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge
2	twisted metal , fireballs and revenge
3	metal , fireballs and revenge
1	, fireballs and revenge
2	fireballs and revenge
2	fireballs and
2	Eastwood winces , clutches his chest and gasps for breath .
2	winces , clutches his chest and gasps for breath .
2	winces , clutches his chest and gasps for breath
2	winces , clutches his chest and
2	winces , clutches his chest
2	winces ,
1	clutches his chest
2	his chest
2	gasps for breath
2	for breath
3	It 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting .
3	It 's a spectacular performance - ahem
3	's a spectacular performance - ahem
4	a spectacular performance - ahem
4	spectacular performance - ahem
1	performance - ahem
2	- ahem
3	, we hope it 's only acting .
2	we hope it 's only acting .
2	hope it 's only acting .
2	hope it 's only acting
2	it 's only acting
2	's only acting
2	's only
0	The movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .
2	The movie
0	suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .
0	suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected
0	from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected
1	two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected
1	two fatal ailments --
1	two fatal ailments
1	fatal ailments
1	a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected
2	a dearth of vitality and
1	a dearth of vitality
3	a dearth
2	of vitality
1	a story that 's shapeless and uninflected
2	a story
1	that 's shapeless and uninflected
2	's shapeless and uninflected
1	shapeless and uninflected
1	shapeless and
1	It 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where Human Nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating .
1	It 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where Human Nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating
1	It 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and
1	It 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness ,
1	It 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness
1	's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness
2	's just
1	weirdness for the sake of weirdness
2	for the sake of weirdness
2	the sake of weirdness
2	the sake
2	of weirdness
1	where Human Nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating
1	where Human Nature should be ingratiating
1	Human Nature should be ingratiating
2	Human Nature
2	should be ingratiating
2	be ingratiating
1	, it 's just grating
1	it 's just grating
1	's just grating
2	's just
3	An ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen .
3	An ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic
2	An ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama
2	ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama
2	ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked ,
3	ambitiously naturalistic
1	, albeit half-baked ,
2	albeit half-baked ,
2	albeit half-baked
2	about an abused , inner-city autistic
1	an abused , inner-city autistic
2	abused , inner-city autistic
1	, inner-city autistic
2	inner-city autistic
2	teen .
0	once she lets her love depraved leads meet , -LRB- Denis ' -RRB- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
1	she lets her love depraved leads meet , -LRB- Denis ' -RRB- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
1	lets her love depraved leads meet , -LRB- Denis ' -RRB- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
1	her love depraved leads meet , -LRB- Denis ' -RRB- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
2	her love depraved leads meet ,
2	her love depraved leads meet
2	her love depraved
2	love depraved
2	leads meet
1	-LRB- Denis ' -RRB- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
0	Denis ' -RRB- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
2	Denis '
0	-RRB- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
0	story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
1	becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
1	a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
0	hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
2	, unsatisfying muddle
1	unsatisfying muddle
2	The dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway ; after that , the potency wanes dramatically .
1	The dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway ; after that , the potency wanes dramatically
2	The dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway ;
1	The dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway
2	The dose
2	is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway
2	is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes
3	strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes
4	strong and funny ,
4	strong and funny
3	strong and
2	for the first 15 minutes
2	the first 15 minutes
2	first 15 minutes
2	15 minutes
1	after that , the potency wanes dramatically
2	after that
1	, the potency wanes dramatically
1	the potency wanes dramatically
2	the potency
1	wanes dramatically
2	The people in ABC Africa are treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras .
2	The people in ABC Africa
2	The people
2	in ABC Africa
2	ABC Africa
1	are treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras .
1	are treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras
3	treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras
1	as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras
1	docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras
2	, mostly wordless ethnographic extras
1	mostly wordless ethnographic extras
2	mostly wordless
2	ethnographic extras
1	What 's really sad is to see two Academy Award winning actresses -LRB- and one Academy Award winning actor -RRB- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best .
2	What 's really sad
1	's really sad
2	really sad
0	is to see two Academy Award winning actresses -LRB- and one Academy Award winning actor -RRB- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best .
0	is to see two Academy Award winning actresses -LRB- and one Academy Award winning actor -RRB- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
1	to see two Academy Award winning actresses -LRB- and one Academy Award winning actor -RRB- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
1	see two Academy Award winning actresses -LRB- and one Academy Award winning actor -RRB- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
0	two Academy Award winning actresses -LRB- and one Academy Award winning actor -RRB- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
2	two Academy Award
3	Academy Award
1	winning actresses -LRB- and one Academy Award winning actor -RRB- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
1	actresses -LRB- and one Academy Award winning actor -RRB- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
2	actresses -LRB- and one Academy Award winning actor -RRB-
2	-LRB- and one Academy Award winning actor -RRB-
2	-LRB- and one Academy Award winning actor
2	-LRB- and
2	one Academy Award winning actor
2	one Academy Award
3	Academy Award
4	winning actor
0	succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
1	to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
1	appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
1	in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
0	this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
1	this junk
2	that 's TV sitcom material at best
3	's TV sitcom material at best
1	TV sitcom material at best
1	TV sitcom material
1	sitcom material
2	at best
3	No doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place .
2	No doubt
2	the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place .
2	the star and everyone else involved
2	the star and everyone
2	star and everyone
2	star and
2	else involved
3	had their hearts in the right place .
3	had their hearts in the right place
3	their hearts in the right place
2	their hearts
3	in the right place
3	the right place
3	right place
1	Where their heads were is anyone 's guess .
1	Where their heads were
2	their heads were
2	their heads
2	is anyone 's guess .
2	is anyone 's guess
1	anyone 's guess
2	anyone 's
1	Call me a cynic , but there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message .
2	Call me a cynic , but there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message
2	Call me a cynic , but
1	Call me a cynic ,
2	Call me a cynic
2	me a cynic
2	a cynic
1	there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message
1	's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message
1	something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message
1	something awfully deadly
1	awfully deadly
2	about any movie with a life-affirming message
3	any movie with a life-affirming message
2	any movie
3	with a life-affirming message
3	a life-affirming message
3	life-affirming message
0	A gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .
1	A gratingly unfunny groaner
0	gratingly unfunny groaner
1	gratingly unfunny
0	littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .
0	littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups
0	with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups
0	zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups
0	zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and
0	zero-dimensional , unlikable characters
1	, unlikable characters
1	unlikable characters
0	hackneyed , threadbare comic setups
2	, threadbare comic setups
1	threadbare comic setups
2	comic setups
3	Got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1\/2 - hour , dissipated length .
3	Got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1\/2
2	some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1\/2
3	some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and
3	some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights
3	some good , organic character work ,
3	some good , organic character work
4	good , organic character work
3	, organic character work
2	organic character work
2	character work
3	lots of obvious political insights
2	of obvious political insights
3	obvious political insights
2	political insights
1	little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1\/2
1	little room
3	for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1\/2
3	engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1\/2
4	engaging , imaginative filmmaking
3	, imaginative filmmaking
3	imaginative filmmaking
2	in its nearly 2 1\/2
2	its nearly 2 1\/2
2	nearly 2 1\/2
2	2 1\/2
1	- hour , dissipated length .
2	hour , dissipated length .
2	hour , dissipated length
2	hour ,
2	dissipated length
1	A painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than Clyde Barrow 's car .
0	A painfully slow cliche-ridden film
0	painfully slow cliche-ridden film
0	painfully slow
0	cliche-ridden film
1	filled with more holes than Clyde Barrow 's car .
1	filled with more holes than Clyde Barrow 's car
0	with more holes than Clyde Barrow 's car
1	more holes than Clyde Barrow 's car
1	more holes
2	than Clyde Barrow 's car
2	Clyde Barrow 's car
2	Clyde Barrow 's
2	Barrow 's
1	Like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .
1	Like leafing through an album of photos
2	leafing through an album of photos
2	through an album of photos
2	an album of photos
2	an album
2	of photos
1	accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .
2	accompanied by the sketchiest of captions
1	by the sketchiest of captions
2	the sketchiest of captions
1	the sketchiest
2	of captions
0	I guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .
1	guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .
1	guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen
1	it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen
1	just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen
2	goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen
1	to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen
1	show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen
1	that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen
1	if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen
1	if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood
1	you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood
1	give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood
2	give a filmmaker
2	a filmmaker
1	an unlimited amount of phony blood
2	an unlimited amount
2	unlimited amount
2	of phony blood
2	phony blood
0	, nothing good can happen
1	nothing good can happen
1	nothing good
2	can happen
0	Gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .
2	captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .
2	captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing
1	the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing
1	the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy
1	half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy
1	, sometimes creepy intimacy
3	sometimes creepy intimacy
2	sometimes creepy
1	of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing
2	college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing
2	college dorm rooms ,
2	college dorm rooms
2	dorm rooms
1	a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing
2	a subtlety
2	that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing
0	makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing
0	the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing
2	the silly , over-the-top coda
2	silly , over-the-top coda
2	, over-the-top coda
2	over-the-top coda
0	especially disappointing
1	Feels less like a change in -LRB- Herzog 's -RRB- personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .
1	Feels less
1	like a change in -LRB- Herzog 's -RRB- personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .
2	like a change in -LRB- Herzog 's -RRB- personal policy than a half-hearted fluke
3	like a change in -LRB- Herzog 's -RRB- personal policy
2	a change in -LRB- Herzog 's -RRB- personal policy
2	a change
2	in -LRB- Herzog 's -RRB- personal policy
3	-LRB- Herzog 's -RRB- personal policy
2	-LRB- Herzog 's -RRB-
2	Herzog 's -RRB-
2	Herzog 's
2	personal policy
1	than a half-hearted fluke
1	a half-hearted fluke
1	half-hearted fluke
0	One of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .
1	One of the most unpleasant things the studio
1	of the most unpleasant things the studio
1	the most unpleasant things the studio
1	the most unpleasant things
1	most unpleasant things
1	most unpleasant
2	the studio
2	has ever produced .
2	has ever produced
2	has ever
1	Will anyone who is n't a Fangoria subscriber be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ?
2	Will anyone who is n't a Fangoria subscriber
2	Will anyone
2	who is n't a Fangoria subscriber
2	is n't a Fangoria subscriber
1	is n't
2	a Fangoria subscriber
2	Fangoria subscriber
1	be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ?
2	be excited that it has n't gone straight to video
3	excited that it has n't gone straight to video
1	that it has n't gone straight to video
2	it has n't gone straight to video
2	has n't gone straight to video
2	has n't
1	gone straight to video
1	straight to video
3	to video
1	A selection of scenes in search of a movie .
1	A selection of scenes in search of a movie
2	A selection of scenes in search
2	A selection
2	of scenes in search
2	scenes in search
2	in search
2	of a movie
2	a movie
1	-LRB- Janey -RRB- forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .
2	-LRB- Janey -RRB-
2	Janey -RRB-
1	forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .
1	forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
2	forgets about her other obligations ,
2	forgets about her other obligations
2	about her other obligations
2	her other obligations
2	other obligations
0	leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
0	to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
0	a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
1	a tragedy
1	which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
2	is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
1	is somehow guessable from the first few minutes ,
2	is somehow guessable from the first few minutes
2	is somehow
1	guessable from the first few minutes
2	from the first few minutes
2	the first few minutes
2	first few minutes
2	few minutes
1	maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
1	because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
2	it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
1	echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
2	the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
1	the by now intolerable morbidity
1	by now intolerable morbidity
1	by now intolerable
2	by now
2	of so many recent movies
2	so many recent movies
2	so many
2	recent movies
1	Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution , but American audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .
1	Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution , but American audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic
3	Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution , but
3	Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution ,
3	Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution
3	undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution
3	play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution
2	well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution
3	in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution
2	in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name
2	European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name
2	European markets ,
2	European markets
2	where Mr. Besson is a brand name
2	Mr. Besson is a brand name
2	Mr. Besson
2	is a brand name
2	a brand name
3	brand name
2	, and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution
3	, and
3	in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution
3	Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution
2	Asia ,
2	where Ms. Shu is an institution
2	Ms. Shu is an institution
2	Ms. Shu
2	is an institution
2	an institution
2	American audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic
2	American audiences
1	will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic
3	will probably
2	find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic
1	it familiar and insufficiently cathartic
1	familiar and insufficiently cathartic
2	familiar and
1	insufficiently cathartic
0	True to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` The Country Bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
1	True to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus
3	True to its animatronic roots :
3	True to its animatronic roots
2	to its animatronic roots
2	its animatronic roots
2	animatronic roots
0	... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus
0	as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus
0	as stiff , ponderous and charmless
0	stiff , ponderous and charmless
0	, ponderous and charmless
1	ponderous and charmless
1	ponderous and
3	as a mechanical apparatus
2	a mechanical apparatus
2	mechanical apparatus
1	... ` The Country Bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
0	` The Country Bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
0	` The Country Bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation
0	The Country Bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation
2	The Country Bears
2	Country Bears
0	' should never have been brought out of hibernation
1	should never have been brought out of hibernation
2	should never
2	have been brought out of hibernation
2	been brought out of hibernation
2	brought out of hibernation
2	brought out
2	of hibernation
1	-LRB- Evans is -RRB- a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
1	Evans is -RRB- a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
0	is -RRB- a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
1	is -RRB- a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie
3	is -RRB- a fascinating character , and
4	is -RRB- a fascinating character ,
3	is -RRB- a fascinating character
2	is -RRB-
3	a fascinating character
4	a fascinating
0	deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie
1	deserves a better vehicle
3	a better vehicle
3	better vehicle
0	than this facetious smirk of a movie
2	this facetious smirk of a movie
1	this facetious smirk
2	facetious smirk
2	of a movie
2	a movie
0	The script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .
2	The script 's judgment and sense of weight
2	The script 's judgment and sense
2	The script 's
2	script 's
2	judgment and sense
2	judgment and
2	of weight
1	is way , way off .
1	is way , way off
2	is way ,
2	is way
1	way off
2	You come away wishing , though , that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story .
2	come away wishing , though , that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story .
1	come away wishing , though , that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story
2	come away
1	wishing , though , that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story
3	wishing , though ,
2	wishing , though
2	wishing ,
1	that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story
1	the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story
2	the movie
2	spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story
2	a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story
2	a lot less time
3	lot less time
2	lot less
2	trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story
2	to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story
3	make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story
2	make a credible case for reports
3	a credible case for reports
3	a credible case
3	credible case
2	for reports
2	from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story
2	the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story
2	the afterlife and a lot more time
2	afterlife and a lot more time
2	afterlife and a lot more
1	afterlife and
3	a lot more
2	a lot
2	on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story
2	the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story
2	the romantic urgency
3	romantic urgency
2	that 's at the center of the story
2	's at the center of the story
2	at the center of the story
2	the center of the story
2	the center
2	of the story
2	the story
0	Evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .
1	Evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
2	Evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but
2	Evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story ,
3	Evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story
3	may be based on a true and historically significant story
3	be based on a true and historically significant story
3	based on a true and historically significant story
3	on a true and historically significant story
4	a true and historically significant story
2	true and historically significant story
4	true and historically significant
3	true and
3	historically significant
1	the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
2	the filmmakers
1	have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
1	made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
1	every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
1	effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
1	to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
1	disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
2	disguise it
0	as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
0	an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
1	an unimaginative screenwriter 's
1	unimaginative screenwriter 's
2	screenwriter 's
0	A derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .
1	A derivative collection of horror and sci-fi
1	A derivative collection
2	derivative collection
2	of horror and sci-fi
2	horror and sci-fi
2	horror and
2	cliches .
0	Loosely speaking , we 're in All of Me territory again , and , strictly speaking , Schneider is no Steve Martin .
1	Loosely speaking , we 're in All of Me territory again , and , strictly speaking , Schneider is no Steve Martin
2	Loosely speaking , we 're in All of Me territory again , and ,
1	Loosely speaking , we 're in All of Me territory again , and
1	Loosely speaking , we 're in All of Me territory again ,
2	Loosely speaking , we 're in All of Me territory again
2	Loosely speaking
2	, we 're in All of Me territory again
2	we 're in All of Me territory again
2	're in All of Me territory again
2	're in All of Me territory
2	in All of Me territory
2	All of Me territory
2	of Me territory
2	Me territory
1	strictly speaking , Schneider is no Steve Martin
2	strictly speaking
2	, Schneider is no Steve Martin
1	Schneider is no Steve Martin
2	is no Steve Martin
1	no Steve Martin
3	Steve Martin
0	As aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .
0	As aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice
0	aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice
1	as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice
2	an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice
2	an old pickup skidding
1	old pickup skidding
2	pickup skidding
2	completely out of control on a long patch of black ice
2	out of control on a long patch of black ice
1	of control on a long patch of black ice
2	control on a long patch of black ice
2	on a long patch of black ice
1	a long patch of black ice
2	a long patch
2	long patch
2	of black ice
2	black ice
0	, the movie makes two hours feel like four .
1	the movie makes two hours feel like four .
2	the movie
1	makes two hours feel like four .
0	makes two hours feel like four
0	two hours feel like four
2	two hours
2	feel like four
2	like four
1	Limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .
0	Limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly
1	Limps along
0	on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly
0	a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly
0	a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula
1	squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula
1	fish-out-of-water formula
0	that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly
0	goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly
2	goes nowhere and
2	goes nowhere
2	goes there very , very slowly
2	there very , very slowly
2	there very ,
2	there very
2	very slowly
1	Just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .
2	Just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name
2	Just the sort
2	the sort
1	of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name
0	lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name
1	lazy tearjerker
1	that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name
2	gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name
2	gives movies
2	about ordinary folk a bad name
2	about ordinary folk
2	ordinary folk
1	a bad name
1	bad name
1	The redeeming feature of Chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in The Tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine .
1	The redeeming feature of Chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in The Tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine
2	The redeeming feature of Chan 's films has always been the action , but
3	The redeeming feature of Chan 's films has always been the action ,
3	The redeeming feature of Chan 's films has always been the action
3	The redeeming feature of Chan 's films
3	The redeeming feature
3	redeeming feature
2	of Chan 's films
2	Chan 's films
2	Chan 's
2	has always been the action
2	has always
2	been the action
2	the action
1	the stunts in The Tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine
2	the stunts in The Tuxedo
2	the stunts
2	in The Tuxedo
2	The Tuxedo
1	seem tired and , what 's worse , routine
1	seem tired and ,
2	seem tired and
1	seem tired
1	what 's worse , routine
0	's worse , routine
1	worse , routine
1	worse ,
1	While The Importance of Being Earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .
3	While The Importance of Being Earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles
3	The Importance of Being Earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles
3	The Importance of Being Earnest
2	The Importance
2	of Being Earnest
2	Being Earnest
2	offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles
3	offers opportunities for occasional smiles and
3	offers opportunities for occasional smiles
2	opportunities for occasional smiles
3	for occasional smiles
3	occasional smiles
2	, it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .
2	it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .
2	does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .
1	does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances
1	does n't
1	give us a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances
2	give us
2	a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances
2	reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances
2	to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances
2	be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances
2	be in the theater
2	in the theater
2	the theater
2	beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances
2	Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances
3	Wilde 's wit and
2	Wilde 's wit
2	Wilde 's
2	the actors ' performances
2	the actors '
2	actors '
0	Has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .
0	Has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool
0	all the scenic appeal of a cesspool
2	all the scenic appeal
2	the scenic appeal
2	scenic appeal
0	of a cesspool
1	a cesspool
1	A rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .
1	A rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel
2	A rambling ensemble piece
2	rambling ensemble piece
2	ensemble piece
1	with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel
1	loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel
1	loosely connected characters and
1	loosely connected characters
1	loosely connected
1	plots that never quite gel
1	that never quite gel
1	never quite gel
1	never quite
2	A Lifetime movie about men .
2	A Lifetime movie about men
1	A Lifetime movie
3	Lifetime movie
2	about men
2	The Balkans provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman .
2	The Balkans
2	provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman .
3	provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman
2	the obstacle course for the love of a good woman
2	the obstacle course
2	obstacle course
2	for the love of a good woman
2	the love of a good woman
3	the love
2	of a good woman
2	a good woman
3	good woman
1	It 's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there Tolstoy groupies out there ?
0	It 's hard to say who might enjoy this
1	's hard to say who might enjoy this
0	hard to say who might enjoy this
2	to say who might enjoy this
2	say who might enjoy this
3	who might enjoy this
3	might enjoy this
3	enjoy this
2	, are there Tolstoy groupies out there ?
2	are there Tolstoy groupies out there ?
2	are there Tolstoy groupies out there
2	are there Tolstoy groupies
2	are there
2	Tolstoy groupies
2	out there
2	It 's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
0	's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
2	's dark and tragic , and
2	's dark and tragic ,
2	's dark and tragic
2	dark and tragic
2	dark and
1	lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
1	the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
1	the business of the greedy talent agents
2	the business
2	of the greedy talent agents
1	the greedy talent agents
1	greedy talent agents
2	talent agents
1	get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
3	in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
3	the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
2	the way
2	of saying something meaningful about facing death
2	saying something meaningful about facing death
2	something meaningful about facing death
3	meaningful about facing death
2	about facing death
2	facing death
1	This is a movie that starts out like Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable .
0	is a movie that starts out like Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable .
0	is a movie that starts out like Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable
0	a movie that starts out like Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable
2	a movie
1	that starts out like Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable
0	starts out like Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable
3	starts out
0	like Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable
0	Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable
0	, then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable
2	, then becomes Bring it On ,
2	then becomes Bring it On ,
2	then becomes Bring it On
2	becomes Bring it On
2	Bring it On
2	Bring it
0	then becomes unwatchable
0	becomes unwatchable
1	The screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .
2	The screenplay
1	flounders under the weight of too many story lines .
0	flounders under the weight of too many story lines
1	under the weight of too many story lines
1	the weight of too many story lines
2	the weight
1	of too many story lines
1	too many story lines
1	too many
2	story lines
1	I think it was Plato who said , ' I think , therefore I know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '
1	I think it was Plato who said , ' I think , therefore I know better than to rush to the theatre for this one .
0	I think it was Plato who said , ' I think , therefore I know better than to rush to the theatre for this one
2	I think it was Plato who said , ' I think ,
2	I think it was Plato who said
2	think it was Plato who said
2	it was Plato who said
2	was Plato who said
2	Plato who said
2	who said
2	, ' I think ,
2	' I think ,
2	I think ,
2	I think
0	therefore I know better than to rush to the theatre for this one
1	I know better than to rush to the theatre for this one
1	know better than to rush to the theatre for this one
2	better than to rush to the theatre for this one
1	than to rush to the theatre for this one
3	to rush to the theatre for this one
3	rush to the theatre for this one
4	rush to the theatre
2	to the theatre
2	the theatre
2	for this one
2	this one
1	If Damon and Affleck attempt another Project Greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
2	If Damon and Affleck attempt another Project Greenlight , next time out
2	Damon and Affleck attempt another Project Greenlight , next time out
2	Damon and Affleck
3	Damon and
2	attempt another Project Greenlight , next time out
2	attempt another Project Greenlight ,
2	attempt another Project Greenlight
2	another Project Greenlight
2	Project Greenlight
2	next time out
2	time out
1	they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
1	might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
1	might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about
1	try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about
2	paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about
2	paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention
2	paying less attention
2	less attention
2	to the miniseries and more attention
2	the miniseries and more attention
2	the miniseries and
3	the miniseries
2	more attention
2	to the film it is about
2	the film it is about
2	the film
2	it is about
2	is about
1	This is rote drivel aimed at Mom and Dad 's wallet .
1	is rote drivel aimed at Mom and Dad 's wallet .
0	is rote drivel aimed at Mom and Dad 's wallet
2	rote drivel aimed at Mom and Dad 's wallet
1	rote drivel
1	aimed at Mom and Dad 's wallet
2	at Mom and Dad 's wallet
2	Mom and Dad 's wallet
2	Mom and
2	Dad 's wallet
2	Dad 's
0	Contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
0	Contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden
1	, maudlin and cliche-ridden
0	maudlin and cliche-ridden
2	maudlin and
1	... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
0	if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
0	if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad
2	if this sappy script was the best the contest received
2	this sappy script was the best the contest received
2	this sappy script
1	sappy script
3	was the best the contest received
3	the best the contest received
4	the best
2	the contest received
2	the contest
1	, those rejected must have been astronomically bad
2	those rejected must have been astronomically bad
1	rejected must have been astronomically bad
0	must have been astronomically bad
0	have been astronomically bad
0	been astronomically bad
0	astronomically bad
0	I hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of High Art .
0	hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of High Art .
1	hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of High Art
0	the feeling of having been slimed in the name of High Art
2	the feeling
1	of having been slimed in the name of High Art
1	having been slimed in the name of High Art
1	been slimed in the name of High Art
1	slimed in the name of High Art
2	in the name of High Art
3	the name of High Art
2	the name
3	of High Art
3	High Art
2	This is more a case of ` Sacre bleu ! '
2	is more a case of ` Sacre bleu ! '
2	is more a case of ` Sacre bleu !
1	is more a case of ` Sacre bleu
2	is more
2	a case of ` Sacre bleu
2	a case
2	of ` Sacre bleu
2	of `
2	Sacre bleu
2	than ` Magnifique ' .
3	than ` Magnifique '
3	than ` Magnifique
2	than `
1	The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books .
1	The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books
1	The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ;
1	The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else
2	The kids in the audience at the preview screening
2	The kids
2	in the audience at the preview screening
2	the audience at the preview screening
2	the audience
2	at the preview screening
2	the preview screening
2	preview screening
1	seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else
2	seemed bored ,
1	seemed bored
2	cheering the pratfalls but little else
1	the pratfalls but little else
2	pratfalls but little else
2	pratfalls but little
2	pratfalls but
3	their parents , wise folks that they are , read books
2	their parents , wise folks that they are ,
3	their parents , wise folks that they are
2	their parents ,
2	their parents
3	wise folks that they are
2	wise folks
2	that they are
2	they are
2	read books
0	Whether Jason X is this bad on purpose is never clear .
1	Whether Jason X is this bad on purpose
0	Jason X is this bad on purpose
2	Jason X
0	is this bad on purpose
0	this bad on purpose
2	bad on purpose
2	on purpose
1	is never clear .
1	is never clear
2	is never
0	But one thing 's for sure : It never comes close to being either funny or scary .
1	But one thing 's for sure : It never comes close to being either funny or scary
2	But one thing 's for sure :
2	But one thing 's for sure
2	one thing 's for sure
2	one thing
2	's for sure
3	for sure
0	It never comes close to being either funny or scary
0	never comes close to being either funny or scary
2	comes close to being either funny or scary
2	close to being either funny or scary
2	to being either funny or scary
2	being either funny or scary
2	either funny or scary
2	funny or scary
3	funny or
2	Yet another weepy Southern bore-athon .
0	another weepy Southern bore-athon .
0	weepy Southern bore-athon .
1	Southern bore-athon .
0	bore-athon .
3	I like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort .
2	I like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort
3	I like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but
3	I like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material ,
4	I like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material
3	I like all four of the lead actors a lot and
3	I like all four of the lead actors a lot
3	like all four of the lead actors a lot
2	all four of the lead actors a lot
2	all four
2	of the lead actors a lot
2	the lead actors a lot
2	the lead actors
2	lead actors
2	a lot
2	they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material
3	manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material
1	to squeeze a few laughs out of the material
3	squeeze a few laughs out of the material
2	squeeze a few laughs out
3	squeeze a few laughs
3	a few laughs
2	few laughs
2	of the material
2	the material
0	they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort
1	're treading water at best in this forgettable effort
0	treading water at best in this forgettable effort
2	treading water
2	at best in this forgettable effort
2	at best
1	in this forgettable effort
1	this forgettable effort
1	forgettable effort
2	Perhaps the most annoying thing about Who Is Cletis Tout ?
1	Perhaps the most annoying thing
0	the most annoying thing
2	most annoying thing
1	most annoying
2	about Who Is Cletis Tout ?
2	Who Is Cletis Tout ?
2	Is Cletis Tout ?
2	Is Cletis Tout
2	Cletis Tout
0	is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .
1	is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
1	that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
0	it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
1	's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
0	a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
2	a crime movie
2	crime movie
0	made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
1	by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
1	someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
2	who obviously knows nothing about crime
2	obviously knows nothing about crime
2	knows nothing about crime
1	nothing about crime
2	about crime
2	Except as an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke , you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .
2	Except as an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke
2	as an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke
1	an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke
2	an acting exercise or
2	an acting exercise
2	acting exercise
2	an exceptionally dark joke
2	exceptionally dark joke
2	exceptionally dark
0	, you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .
0	you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .
0	wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .
0	wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made
0	what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made
0	anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made
2	saw in this film that allowed it to get made
2	in this film that allowed it to get made
2	this film that allowed it to get made
2	this film
1	that allowed it to get made
2	allowed it to get made
2	it to get made
2	to get made
2	get made
1	This insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering .
1	This insufferable movie
0	insufferable movie
2	is meant to make you think about existential suffering .
2	is meant to make you think about existential suffering
2	meant to make you think about existential suffering
2	to make you think about existential suffering
3	make you think about existential suffering
2	you think about existential suffering
2	think about existential suffering
1	about existential suffering
1	existential suffering
0	Instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .
0	, it 'll only put you to sleep .
0	it 'll only put you to sleep .
0	'll only put you to sleep .
0	'll only put you to sleep
2	'll only
1	put you to sleep
2	you to sleep
2	to sleep
2	Who is this movie for ?
2	is this movie for ?
2	is this movie for
2	this movie for
2	this movie
2	Not kids , who do n't need the lesson in repugnance .
2	Not kids , who do n't
2	Not kids ,
2	Not kids
2	who do n't
2	do n't
1	need the lesson in repugnance .
2	need the lesson in repugnance
1	the lesson in repugnance
2	the lesson
2	in repugnance
0	It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '
1	It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy .
0	It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy
1	It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not
1	It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers --
1	It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers
1	's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers
2	's also
1	not smart or barbed enough for older viewers
1	not smart or
0	not smart
2	barbed enough for older viewers
2	barbed enough
2	for older viewers
2	older viewers
1	everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy
1	thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy
1	poo-poo jokes are ` edgy
1	poo-poo jokes
2	are ` edgy
2	are `
0	A sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices .
0	A sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices
1	A sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set
0	A sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama
0	sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama
2	slow-paced crime drama
1	crime drama
1	with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set
0	clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set
0	clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and
0	clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment ,
0	clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment
1	clumsy dialogue ,
1	clumsy dialogue
0	heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment
0	phoney-feeling sentiment
1	an overly-familiar set
2	overly-familiar set
2	of plot devices
2	plot devices
1	It 's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary .
0	's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary .
0	's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary
1	's so tedious
1	so tedious
3	that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary
1	it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary
2	makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary
1	you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary
2	forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary
1	every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary
2	every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment
0	fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment
0	fake , dishonest
1	, dishonest
4	, entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment
3	entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment
4	entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive
3	entertaining and , ultimately ,
3	entertaining and
2	, ultimately ,
2	ultimately ,
2	more perceptive
2	in Bridget Jones 's Diary
2	Bridget Jones 's Diary
2	Bridget Jones 's
2	Jones 's
1	Almost as offensive as `` Freddy Got Fingered . ''
1	Almost as offensive as `` Freddy
1	Almost as offensive
1	as offensive
2	as `` Freddy
2	as ``
2	Got Fingered . ''
2	Got Fingered .
2	Got Fingered
1	The gifted Crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .
2	The gifted Crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him
3	The gifted Crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and
3	The gifted Crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself ,
3	The gifted Crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself
2	The gifted Crudup
2	gifted Crudup
3	has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself
3	the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself
2	perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself
2	face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself
2	to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself
2	play a handsome blank yearning to find himself
2	play a handsome blank yearning
2	a handsome blank yearning
2	handsome blank yearning
1	blank yearning
2	to find himself
2	find himself
1	his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him
2	his cipherlike personality and bad behavior
2	his cipherlike personality and
2	his cipherlike personality
2	cipherlike personality
0	bad behavior
2	would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him
2	play fine if the movie knew what to do with him
3	play fine
1	if the movie knew what to do with him
3	the movie knew what to do with him
2	the movie
2	knew what to do with him
2	what to do with him
2	to do with him
2	do with him
2	with him
0	It is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
1	is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
1	is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound
1	is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved ,
3	is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved
0	depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved
2	depressing , ruthlessly pained and
1	depressing , ruthlessly pained
1	depressing ,
1	ruthlessly pained
0	the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound
2	the movie equivalent
2	movie equivalent
2	of staring into an open wound
2	staring into an open wound
2	into an open wound
1	an open wound
2	open wound
1	Ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .
1	Ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film
2	Ponderous ,
1	plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film
1	plodding soap opera
1	soap opera
1	disguised as a feature film
2	as a feature film
2	a feature film
2	feature film
1	Cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .
1	Cold , pretentious ,
1	Cold , pretentious
2	Cold ,
2	thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .
1	dislikable study in sociopathy .
1	dislikable study in sociopathy
2	study in sociopathy
2	in sociopathy
0	For the future , one hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .
2	For the future
2	the future
2	, one hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .
1	one hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .
2	hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .
1	hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter
2	Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter
2	Mr. Plympton
2	will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter
1	find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter
2	find room
2	for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter
2	one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter
2	one more member
2	more member
2	of his little band , a professional screenwriter
2	his little band , a professional screenwriter
2	his little band ,
2	his little band
2	little band
2	a professional screenwriter
2	professional screenwriter
0	A cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
0	A cheap scam
1	cheap scam
1	put together by some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
0	put together by some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
2	put together by some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment
2	put together
1	by some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment
2	some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment
1	some cynical creeps
1	cynical creeps
2	at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment
2	Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment
2	Revolution Studios and
2	Revolution Studios
2	Imagine Entertainment
1	to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
0	make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
2	make the suckers
1	the suckers
0	out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
0	there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
1	there surrender $ 9 and
1	there surrender $ 9
1	surrender $ 9
2	$ 9
0	93 minutes of unrecoverable life
2	93 minutes
1	of unrecoverable life
1	unrecoverable life
1	Reign of Fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness .
2	Reign of Fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness
1	Reign of Fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but
1	Reign of Fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise ,
2	Reign of Fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise
2	Reign of Fire
2	of Fire
0	never comes close to recovering from its demented premise
2	comes close to recovering from its demented premise
2	close to recovering from its demented premise
1	to recovering from its demented premise
1	recovering from its demented premise
2	from its demented premise
1	its demented premise
1	demented premise
3	it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness
3	does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness
3	sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness
3	an enjoyable level of ridiculousness
3	an enjoyable level
3	enjoyable level
1	of ridiculousness
3	Human Nature is a goofball movie , in the way that Malkovich was , but it tries too hard .
1	Human Nature is a goofball movie , in the way that Malkovich was , but it tries too hard
2	Human Nature is a goofball movie , in the way that Malkovich was , but
2	Human Nature is a goofball movie , in the way that Malkovich was ,
2	Human Nature is a goofball movie , in the way that Malkovich was
2	Human Nature
3	is a goofball movie , in the way that Malkovich was
2	a goofball movie , in the way that Malkovich was
2	a goofball movie ,
2	a goofball movie
2	goofball movie
2	in the way that Malkovich was
2	the way that Malkovich was
2	the way
2	that Malkovich was
2	Malkovich was
2	it tries too hard
1	tries too hard
2	too hard
1	Originality is sorely lacking .
1	is sorely lacking .
1	is sorely lacking
2	is sorely
2	The plot 's clearly mythic structure may owe more to Disney 's strong sense of formula than to the original story .
3	The plot 's clearly mythic structure
2	The plot 's
2	plot 's
2	clearly mythic structure
2	clearly mythic
2	may owe more to Disney 's strong sense of formula than to the original story .
2	may owe more to Disney 's strong sense of formula than to the original story
2	owe more to Disney 's strong sense of formula than to the original story
2	owe more to Disney 's strong sense of formula
2	owe more
2	to Disney 's strong sense of formula
3	Disney 's strong sense of formula
2	Disney 's strong sense
2	Disney 's
2	strong sense
2	of formula
2	than to the original story
2	to the original story
2	the original story
3	original story
4	But while the highly predictable narrative falls short , Treasure Planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
3	while the highly predictable narrative falls short , Treasure Planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
1	while the highly predictable narrative falls short
1	the highly predictable narrative falls short
1	the highly predictable narrative
1	highly predictable narrative
1	highly predictable
1	falls short
4	, Treasure Planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
4	Treasure Planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
2	Treasure Planet
4	is truly gorgeous to behold .
3	is truly gorgeous to behold
4	is truly gorgeous
4	truly gorgeous
2	to behold
1	Though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .
2	Though there are entertaining and audacious moments
3	there are entertaining and audacious moments
4	are entertaining and audacious moments
4	entertaining and audacious moments
2	and audacious moments
2	audacious moments
1	, the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .
1	the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .
1	the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance
2	the movie 's wildly careening tone and
1	the movie 's wildly careening tone
2	the movie 's
2	movie 's
1	wildly careening tone
2	wildly careening
0	an extremely flat lead performance
1	extremely flat lead performance
1	extremely flat
2	lead performance
1	do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .
0	do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation
1	little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation
2	to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation
1	salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation
0	this filmmaker 's flailing reputation
2	this filmmaker 's
2	filmmaker 's
1	flailing reputation
2	Ram Dass Fierce Grace moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour .
2	Ram Dass Fierce Grace
2	Dass Fierce Grace
3	Fierce Grace
3	moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour .
1	moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour
2	moulds itself
2	as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour
1	an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour
2	an example to up-and-coming documentarians ,
4	an example to up-and-coming documentarians
2	an example
2	to up-and-coming documentarians
2	up-and-coming documentarians
2	of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour
1	the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour
2	the overlooked pitfalls
1	overlooked pitfalls
2	of such an endeavour
2	such an endeavour
2	an endeavour
2	Lucky Break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it 's also drab and inert .
2	Lucky Break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it 's also drab and inert
2	Lucky Break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but
3	Lucky Break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless ,
3	Lucky Break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless
2	Lucky Break
3	is perfectly inoffensive and harmless
3	perfectly inoffensive and harmless
3	inoffensive and harmless
2	inoffensive and
1	it 's also drab and inert
1	's also drab and inert
2	's also
0	drab and inert
1	drab and
0	For a story set at sea , Ghost Ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '
2	For a story set at sea
2	a story set at sea
2	a story
2	set at sea
2	at sea
0	, Ghost Ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '
1	Ghost Ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '
2	Ghost Ship
2	is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '
1	is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises .
1	is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises
2	is pretty landbound ,
2	is pretty landbound
2	pretty landbound
1	with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises
1	its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises
1	its leaden acting , dull exposition and
3	its leaden acting , dull exposition
1	its leaden acting ,
1	its leaden acting
2	leaden acting
1	dull exposition
2	telegraphed ` surprises
2	` surprises
1	There might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?
1	might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?
1	might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares
0	be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares
2	be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy
2	some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy
2	some sort
3	of credible gender-provoking philosophy
3	credible gender-provoking philosophy
2	gender-provoking philosophy
2	submerged here , but who the hell cares
2	submerged here , but
3	submerged here ,
2	submerged here
2	who the hell cares
1	the hell cares
1	the hell
1	Nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .
2	more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .
2	more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing
2	more than a stifling morality tale
1	than a stifling morality tale
2	a stifling morality tale
1	stifling morality tale
3	morality tale
2	dressed up in peekaboo clothing
2	dressed up
2	in peekaboo clothing
2	peekaboo clothing
0	I like my Christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .
1	like my Christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .
2	like my Christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's
2	like my Christmas movies
2	my Christmas movies
2	Christmas movies
2	with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's
2	more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's
1	more elves and snow and
2	more elves and snow
2	elves and snow
2	elves and
2	less pimps and ho 's
2	less pimps and
2	less pimps
2	ho 's
1	It all seemed wasted like DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk .
1	all seemed wasted like DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk .
1	seemed wasted like DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk .
1	seemed wasted like DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk
0	wasted like DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk
2	like DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk
1	DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk
2	DeNiro 's once promising career and
1	DeNiro 's once promising career
2	DeNiro 's
2	once promising career
2	once promising
2	the once grand Long Beach boardwalk
2	once grand Long Beach boardwalk
2	once grand
2	Long Beach boardwalk
2	Beach boardwalk
1	-LRB- I -RRB- t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but Barbershop is n't as funny as it should be .
1	-LRB- I -RRB- t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but Barbershop is n't as funny as it should be
2	-LRB- I -RRB- t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but
3	-LRB- I -RRB- t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context ,
2	-LRB- I -RRB- t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context
2	-LRB- I -RRB-
2	I -RRB-
3	t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context
3	's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context
3	's certainly laudable
2	's certainly
2	that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context
3	the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context
2	the movie
3	deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context
2	with hot-button issues in a comedic context
2	hot-button issues in a comedic context
2	hot-button issues
2	in a comedic context
3	a comedic context
2	comedic context
1	Barbershop is n't as funny as it should be
1	is n't as funny as it should be
1	is n't as funny
1	is n't
3	as funny
3	as it should be
2	it should be
2	should be
1	Unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various New York City locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
1	, a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various New York City locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
1	a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various New York City locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
3	a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater
2	a cast
2	of competent performers from movies , television and the theater
3	competent performers from movies , television and the theater
3	competent performers
2	from movies , television and the theater
3	movies , television and the theater
2	movies , television and
2	movies , television
2	movies ,
2	the theater
1	are cast adrift in various New York City locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
1	are cast adrift in various New York City locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style
1	cast adrift in various New York City locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style
2	cast adrift in various New York City locations
1	adrift in various New York City locations
2	in various New York City locations
2	various New York City locations
2	New York City locations
2	York City locations
2	City locations
2	with no unifying rhythm or visual style
1	no unifying rhythm or visual style
0	no unifying rhythm or
1	no unifying rhythm
3	unifying rhythm
3	visual style
2	Just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love .
2	Just entertaining enough not to hate
3	Just entertaining
3	enough not to hate
2	not to hate
1	to hate
0	, too mediocre to love .
1	too mediocre to love .
1	too mediocre
3	to love .
2	to love
2	` Sophisticated ' viewers who refuse to admit that they do n't like it will likely call it ` challenging ' to their fellow sophisticates .
1	` Sophisticated ' viewers who refuse to admit that they do n't like it
3	` Sophisticated ' viewers
2	Sophisticated ' viewers
2	' viewers
1	who refuse to admit that they do n't like it
1	refuse to admit that they do n't like it
2	to admit that they do n't like it
2	admit that they do n't like it
2	that they do n't like it
1	they do n't like it
1	do n't like it
2	do n't
3	like it
2	will likely call it ` challenging ' to their fellow sophisticates .
2	will likely call it ` challenging ' to their fellow sophisticates
3	will likely
2	call it ` challenging ' to their fellow sophisticates
2	it ` challenging ' to their fellow sophisticates
2	` challenging ' to their fellow sophisticates
2	challenging ' to their fellow sophisticates
2	challenging '
2	to their fellow sophisticates
2	their fellow sophisticates
3	fellow sophisticates
0	Equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .
0	the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .
2	the movie , as opposed to the manifesto ,
2	the movie , as opposed to the manifesto
2	the movie ,
2	the movie
2	as opposed to the manifesto
3	opposed to the manifesto
2	to the manifesto
2	the manifesto
0	is really , really stupid .
1	is really , really stupid
0	really , really stupid
1	, really stupid
0	really stupid
1	Excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .
0	Excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic
0	Excruciatingly unfunny and
0	Excruciatingly unfunny
0	pitifully unromantic
1	The film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down .
0	The film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ...
0	The film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes
2	The film 's thoroughly recycled plot and
1	The film 's thoroughly recycled plot
2	The film 's
2	film 's
2	thoroughly recycled plot
1	recycled plot
1	tiresome jokes
2	drag the movie down .
1	drag the movie down
1	drag the movie
2	the movie
1	It does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .
0	does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .
1	does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject
1	does n't
1	offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject
3	offer audiences
1	any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject
1	any way of gripping what its point is , or
1	any way of gripping what its point is ,
1	any way of gripping what its point is
2	any way of gripping
2	any way
2	of gripping
2	what its point is
2	its point is
2	its point
2	even its attitude toward its subject
2	even its attitude
2	its attitude
2	toward its subject
2	its subject
0	This kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that I even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
1	This kiddie-oriented stinker
0	kiddie-oriented stinker
0	is so bad that I even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
0	is so bad
1	so bad
2	that I even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
1	I even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
1	even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
1	caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
1	the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
2	the gum
1	stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
1	under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
0	my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
2	my seat
1	trying to sneak out of the theater
1	to sneak out of the theater
0	sneak out of the theater
2	sneak out
3	of the theater
2	the theater
1	Though Impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb .
2	Though Impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture
0	Impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture
3	deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture
2	adopts the guise of a modern motion picture
1	the guise of a modern motion picture
2	the guise
2	of a modern motion picture
3	a modern motion picture
2	modern motion picture
2	motion picture
2	, it too is a bomb .
0	it too is a bomb .
1	too is a bomb .
0	is a bomb .
0	is a bomb
1	a bomb
0	Cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of Nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .
0	Cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of Nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge
2	Cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but
3	Cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos ,
2	Cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos
2	offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos
2	plenty of glimpses at existing photos
2	of glimpses at existing photos
2	glimpses at existing photos
3	at existing photos
2	existing photos
2	there are no movies of Nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge
2	there are no movies of Nijinsky , so
2	there are no movies of Nijinsky ,
2	there are no movies of Nijinsky
2	are no movies of Nijinsky
2	no movies of Nijinsky
2	no movies
3	of Nijinsky
0	instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge
1	the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge
2	the director
1	treats us to an aimless hodgepodge
3	treats us
1	to an aimless hodgepodge
0	an aimless hodgepodge
1	aimless hodgepodge
1	Every note rings false .
2	Every note
1	rings false .
1	rings false
1	When the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .
0	When the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year
1	the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year
0	the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year
2	the screenwriter
0	responsible for one of the worst movies of one year
0	for one of the worst movies of one year
0	one of the worst movies of one year
0	of the worst movies of one year
0	the worst movies of one year
1	the worst movies
0	worst movies
2	of one year
2	one year
0	directs an equally miserable film the following year
1	an equally miserable film the following year
1	an equally miserable film
0	equally miserable film
1	equally miserable
2	the following year
2	following year
1	, you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .
1	you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .
2	'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .
1	'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence
1	have a hard time believing it was just coincidence
1	have a hard time
1	a hard time
1	hard time
3	believing it was just coincidence
2	it was just coincidence
2	was just coincidence
2	was just
1	It never rises to its clever what-if concept .
1	never rises to its clever what-if concept .
3	rises to its clever what-if concept .
3	rises to its clever what-if concept
3	to its clever what-if concept
2	its clever what-if concept
2	clever what-if concept
2	what-if concept
2	Admirably ambitious but self-indulgent .
2	Admirably ambitious but self-indulgent
1	ambitious but self-indulgent
2	ambitious but
1	This story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .
2	This story of unrequited love
2	This story
2	of unrequited love
2	unrequited love
0	does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .
1	does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour
1	does n't
2	sustain interest beyond the first half-hour
3	sustain interest
2	beyond the first half-hour
2	the first half-hour
2	first half-hour
1	This angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in Ordinary People .
2	This angst-ridden territory
2	angst-ridden territory
2	was covered earlier and much better in Ordinary People .
1	was covered earlier and much better in Ordinary People
2	covered earlier and much better in Ordinary People
1	covered earlier and much better
2	earlier and much better
3	and much better
3	much better
2	in Ordinary People
2	Ordinary People
0	The entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
2	The entire film
2	entire film
1	is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
1	is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another
1	one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another
2	one big excuse
1	big excuse
1	to play one lewd scene after another
1	play one lewd scene after another
2	play one lewd scene
2	one lewd scene
2	lewd scene
2	after another
1	About half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal .
2	About half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
3	About half of them are funny , a few are sexy and
2	About half of them are funny , a few are sexy
2	About half of them are funny ,
2	About half of them are funny
2	About half of them
2	About half
2	of them
3	are funny
3	a few are sexy
2	a few
3	are sexy
0	none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
1	are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
1	useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
0	in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
1	telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
2	the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
2	the story ,
2	the story
0	which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
1	is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
0	paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
1	paper-thin and
0	decidedly unoriginal
1	A big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .
2	A big , loud , bang-the-drum
2	big , loud , bang-the-drum
3	, loud , bang-the-drum
1	loud , bang-the-drum
2	, bang-the-drum
1	bore .
0	-LRB- Less a movie than -RRB- an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment .
0	-LRB- Less a movie than -RRB- an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so
1	-LRB- Less a movie than -RRB-
1	Less a movie than -RRB-
1	Less a movie than
1	Less a movie
2	a movie
0	an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so
0	an appalling ,
0	appalling ,
2	odoriferous thing ... so
1	odoriferous thing ...
0	odoriferous thing
0	rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment .
0	rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment
0	rotten in almost every single facet of production
2	in almost every single facet of production
3	almost every single facet of production
2	almost every single facet
2	every single facet
2	single facet
2	of production
0	that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment
0	you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment
0	'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment
1	want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment
0	to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment
1	crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment
1	crawl up your own \*\*\*
2	crawl up
2	your own \*\*\*
2	own \*\*\*
2	in embarrassment
3	The concept behind Kung Pow : Enter the Fist is hilarious .
4	The concept behind Kung Pow : Enter the Fist is hilarious
2	The concept behind Kung Pow :
2	The concept behind Kung Pow
2	The concept
2	behind Kung Pow
2	Kung Pow
4	Enter the Fist is hilarious
3	the Fist is hilarious
2	the Fist
4	is hilarious
2	It 's too bad nothing else is .
1	's too bad nothing else is .
1	's too bad nothing else is
1	too bad nothing else is
1	bad nothing else is
2	nothing else is
2	nothing else
2	Hardman is a grating , mannered onscreen presence , which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .
1	is a grating , mannered onscreen presence , which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .
1	is a grating , mannered onscreen presence , which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast
2	a grating , mannered onscreen presence , which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast
1	a grating , mannered onscreen presence ,
2	a grating , mannered onscreen presence
1	grating , mannered onscreen presence
2	grating , mannered
2	, mannered
2	onscreen presence
1	which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast
1	is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast
1	especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast
1	unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast
2	in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast
2	light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast
3	of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast
3	the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast
3	the fine work
4	fine work
2	done by most of the rest of her cast
2	by most of the rest of her cast
2	most of the rest of her cast
2	of the rest of her cast
2	the rest of her cast
2	the rest
2	of her cast
2	her cast
1	El Crimen Del Padre Amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-Catholic protestors .
2	El Crimen Del Padre Amaro
2	Crimen Del Padre Amaro
2	Del Padre Amaro
2	Padre Amaro
1	would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-Catholic protestors .
2	would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-Catholic protestors
2	would likely
1	be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-Catholic protestors
1	most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-Catholic protestors
3	most effective
2	if used as a tool to rally anti-Catholic protestors
2	used as a tool to rally anti-Catholic protestors
2	as a tool to rally anti-Catholic protestors
2	a tool to rally anti-Catholic protestors
2	tool to rally anti-Catholic protestors
2	to rally anti-Catholic protestors
2	rally anti-Catholic protestors
2	anti-Catholic protestors
3	Interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of Carmen
2	Interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version
4	Interesting and thoroughly
3	Interesting and
2	unfaithful version
2	of Carmen
4	A serious movie with serious ideas .
3	A serious movie with serious ideas
3	A serious movie
2	serious movie
3	with serious ideas
2	serious ideas
1	But seriously , folks , it does n't work .
0	seriously , folks , it does n't work .
1	, folks , it does n't work .
1	folks , it does n't work .
1	, it does n't work .
1	it does n't work .
1	does n't work .
1	does n't work
1	does n't
1	There 's nothing exactly wrong here , but there 's not nearly enough that 's right .
2	There 's nothing exactly wrong here , but there 's not nearly enough that 's right
1	There 's nothing exactly wrong here , but
2	There 's nothing exactly wrong here ,
3	There 's nothing exactly wrong here
2	's nothing exactly wrong here
2	's nothing exactly wrong
2	nothing exactly wrong
1	exactly wrong
1	there 's not nearly enough that 's right
0	's not nearly enough that 's right
1	's not nearly enough
2	's not
2	nearly enough
3	that 's right
2	's right
1	The action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises .
0	The action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises
2	The action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and
1	The action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest ,
1	The action here is unusually tame
2	The action
1	here is unusually tame
2	is unusually tame
1	unusually tame
1	, the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest ,
0	the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest ,
1	the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest
2	the characters
1	are too simplistic to maintain interest
1	too simplistic to maintain interest
2	simplistic to maintain interest
2	to maintain interest
2	maintain interest
1	the plot offers few surprises
2	the plot
1	offers few surprises
2	few surprises
1	I could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .
1	could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .
1	could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy
1	could n't help but
2	could n't help
1	could n't
1	feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy
0	the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy
1	the wasted potential
1	wasted potential
2	of this slapstick comedy
2	this slapstick comedy
2	slapstick comedy
1	What Madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .
1	What Madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once
1	What Madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and
2	What Madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving
2	What Madonna does
2	Madonna does
2	here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving
0	ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving
2	ca n't properly
2	ca n't
2	be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving
2	called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving
3	acting -- more accurately , it 's moving
3	-- more accurately , it 's moving
3	more accurately , it 's moving
2	more accurately ,
2	more accurately
3	it 's moving
3	's moving
2	it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once
2	it 's talking and
2	it 's talking
2	's talking
2	it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once
2	's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once
2	's occasionally
2	gesturing , sometimes all at once
2	gesturing ,
2	sometimes all at once
2	all at once
2	at once
1	-LRB- A -RRB- painfully flat gross-out comedy ...
1	-LRB- A -RRB- painfully flat gross-out comedy
2	-LRB- A -RRB-
2	A -RRB-
1	painfully flat gross-out comedy
0	painfully flat
2	gross-out comedy
0	Even if you 're an Elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this DVD .
2	Even if you 're an Elvis person
2	if you 're an Elvis person
3	you 're an Elvis person
2	're an Elvis person
2	an Elvis person
2	Elvis person
1	, you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this DVD .
1	you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this DVD .
2	wo n't find anything to get excited about on this DVD .
1	wo n't find anything to get excited about on this DVD
2	wo n't
1	find anything to get excited about on this DVD
2	find anything
3	to get excited about on this DVD
3	get excited about on this DVD
4	excited about on this DVD
2	about on this DVD
2	on this DVD
3	this DVD
2	The movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue , but there 's just not much lurking below its abstract surface .
2	The movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue , but there 's just not much lurking below its abstract surface
3	The movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue , but
3	The movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue ,
4	The movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue
2	The movie
3	certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue
3	has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue
3	its share of clever moments and biting dialogue
2	its share
3	of clever moments and biting dialogue
3	clever moments and biting dialogue
2	clever moments and
3	clever moments
2	biting dialogue
1	there 's just not much lurking below its abstract surface
1	's just not much lurking below its abstract surface
2	's just not
2	's just
3	much lurking below its abstract surface
2	lurking below its abstract surface
3	below its abstract surface
2	its abstract surface
2	abstract surface
1	It 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .
2	's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .
2	's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction
1	bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction
0	by labored writing and slack direction
1	labored writing and slack direction
1	writing and slack direction
1	and slack direction
2	slack direction
1	I 'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment .
1	'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment .
2	'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment
1	sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment
2	there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment
2	's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment
1	a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment
2	a teenage boy
2	teenage boy
1	out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment
2	there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment
2	somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment
2	who 's dying for this kind of entertainment
2	's dying for this kind of entertainment
4	dying for this kind of entertainment
2	for this kind of entertainment
2	this kind of entertainment
2	this kind
2	of entertainment
0	The Tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
2	The Tuxedo
1	miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
0	miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
0	miscalculates badly
1	by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
2	forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
2	the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
1	star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
1	to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
1	play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
2	play second fiddle
1	second fiddle
1	to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
2	the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
1	the dull effects
1	dull effects
2	that allow the suit to come to life
3	allow the suit to come to life
2	the suit to come to life
2	the suit
2	to come to life
3	come to life
2	to life
1	The film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .
2	The film
1	is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .
1	is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama
1	a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama
2	a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and
1	a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle
0	a confusing melange of tones and styles ,
2	a confusing melange of tones and styles
1	a confusing melange
1	confusing melange
2	of tones and styles
2	tones and styles
2	tones and
2	one moment a romantic trifle
3	one moment
2	a romantic trifle
2	romantic trifle
1	the next a turgid drama
2	the next
2	a turgid drama
2	turgid drama
1	Obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time -LRB- including mine -RRB- on something very inconsequential .
0	, a lot of people wasted a lot of their time -LRB- including mine -RRB- on something very inconsequential .
1	a lot of people wasted a lot of their time -LRB- including mine -RRB- on something very inconsequential .
2	a lot of people
2	a lot
2	of people
1	wasted a lot of their time -LRB- including mine -RRB- on something very inconsequential .
0	wasted a lot of their time -LRB- including mine -RRB- on something very inconsequential
3	a lot of their time -LRB- including mine -RRB- on something very inconsequential
2	a lot
1	of their time -LRB- including mine -RRB- on something very inconsequential
1	their time -LRB- including mine -RRB- on something very inconsequential
2	their time -LRB- including mine -RRB- on something
2	their time -LRB- including mine -RRB-
2	their time
2	-LRB- including mine -RRB-
2	including mine -RRB-
2	including mine
2	on something
2	very inconsequential
1	There 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery .
1	There 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
2	There 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but
2	There 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention ,
2	There 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention
1	's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention
1	a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention
2	a little violence and lots
2	little violence and lots
2	violence and lots
2	violence and
2	of sex in a bid to hold our attention
2	sex in a bid to hold our attention
1	in a bid to hold our attention
1	a bid to hold our attention
2	bid to hold our attention
2	to hold our attention
3	hold our attention
2	our attention
2	it grows monotonous after a while , as do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
1	grows monotonous after a while , as do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
1	grows monotonous
2	after a while , as do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
1	a while , as do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
2	a while ,
2	a while
2	as do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
2	do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
1	Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
2	Joan and Philip
2	Joan and
1	's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
0	repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
2	arguments , schemes and treachery
2	arguments , schemes and
2	arguments , schemes
2	arguments ,
1	It drowns in sap .
0	drowns in sap .
2	drowns in sap
2	in sap
3	Deliberately and devotedly constructed , Far from Heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate .
4	Deliberately and devotedly constructed
2	Deliberately and
2	devotedly constructed
2	, Far from Heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate .
2	Far from Heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate .
2	Far from Heaven
2	from Heaven
1	is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate .
1	is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate
2	is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously
1	is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like ,
1	is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like
2	is too
1	picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like
2	postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like
3	postcard perfect ,
3	postcard perfect
1	too neat and new pin-like
2	too neat and
2	too neat
2	new pin-like
1	too obviously
2	a recreation to resonate
3	recreation to resonate
2	to resonate
1	It 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious .
1	It 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious
3	It 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ;
1	It 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline
2	's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline
3	's rare
1	that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline
2	a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline
2	a movie
3	can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline
2	be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline
3	be as intelligent
3	as intelligent
2	as this one is in every regard except its storyline
2	this one is in every regard except its storyline
2	this one
2	is in every regard except its storyline
2	in every regard except its storyline
2	every regard except its storyline
2	every regard
2	except its storyline
2	its storyline
1	everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious
3	everything that 's good
3	that 's good
3	's good
0	is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious
3	is ultimately
1	scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious
0	by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious
1	a plot that 's just too boring and obvious
2	a plot
0	that 's just too boring and obvious
0	's just too boring and obvious
2	's just
0	too boring and obvious
1	boring and obvious
2	boring and
1	I 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .
0	'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .
1	'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
0	giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
0	it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
0	thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
1	thumbs down
0	due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
1	to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
1	the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
0	the endlessly repetitive scenes
2	endlessly repetitive scenes
1	endlessly repetitive
1	of embarrassment
1	There 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .
1	's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .
1	's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease
1	got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease
2	to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease
2	be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease
3	a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease
3	a more graceful way
3	more graceful way
3	more graceful
1	of portraying the devastation of this disease
2	portraying the devastation of this disease
1	the devastation of this disease
1	the devastation
2	of this disease
2	this disease
2	The good thing -- the only good thing -- about Extreme Ops is that it 's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list .
2	The good thing -- the only good thing -- about Extreme Ops
2	The good thing -- the only good thing --
3	The good thing
3	good thing
1	-- the only good thing --
2	the only good thing --
2	the only good thing
2	only good thing
2	only good
2	about Extreme Ops
2	Extreme Ops
1	is that it 's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list .
2	is that it 's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list
2	that it 's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list
1	it 's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list
0	's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list
2	's so inane
1	so inane
2	that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list
1	it gave me plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list
1	gave me plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list
2	gave me
1	plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list
2	plenty of time
2	of time
2	to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list
2	ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list
2	my Thanksgiving to-do list
2	Thanksgiving to-do list
2	to-do list
1	The modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .
2	The modern-day characters
2	modern-day characters
2	are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .
1	are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones
1	are nowhere near
2	nowhere near
2	as vivid as the 19th-century ones
3	vivid as the 19th-century ones
2	as the 19th-century ones
2	the 19th-century ones
2	19th-century ones
4	Blessed with a searing lead performance by Ryan Gosling -LRB- Murder by Numbers -RRB- , the movie is powerful and provocative .
3	Blessed with a searing lead performance by Ryan Gosling -LRB- Murder by Numbers -RRB-
3	Blessed with a searing lead performance
4	with a searing lead performance
4	a searing lead performance
4	searing lead performance
2	lead performance
2	by Ryan Gosling -LRB- Murder by Numbers -RRB-
2	Ryan Gosling -LRB- Murder by Numbers -RRB-
2	Ryan Gosling
2	-LRB- Murder by Numbers -RRB-
2	Murder by Numbers -RRB-
2	Murder by Numbers
2	by Numbers
4	, the movie is powerful and provocative .
4	the movie is powerful and provocative .
2	the movie
4	is powerful and provocative .
4	is powerful and provocative
4	powerful and provocative
3	powerful and
1	It 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
0	's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
1	's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness
2	's also
1	built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness
1	on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness
0	a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness
1	a faulty premise ,
1	a faulty premise
2	faulty premise
1	one it follows into melodrama and silliness
2	it follows into melodrama and silliness
0	follows into melodrama and silliness
2	into melodrama and silliness
2	melodrama and silliness
1	melodrama and
1	Uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .
0	Uneven performances and a spotty script
1	Uneven performances and
1	Uneven performances
1	a spotty script
1	spotty script
1	add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .
1	add up to a biting satire that has no teeth
2	add up
1	to a biting satire that has no teeth
1	a biting satire that has no teeth
3	a biting satire
2	biting satire
1	that has no teeth
1	has no teeth
1	no teeth
1	Director Jay Russell stomps in hobnail boots over Natalie Babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel .
2	Director Jay Russell
1	Jay Russell
0	stomps in hobnail boots over Natalie Babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel .
1	stomps in hobnail boots over Natalie Babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel
2	in hobnail boots over Natalie Babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel
2	hobnail boots over Natalie Babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel
2	hobnail boots
2	over Natalie Babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel
3	Natalie Babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel
2	Natalie Babbitt 's
2	Babbitt 's
3	gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel
3	gentle , endearing
3	, endearing
2	1975 children 's novel
2	children 's novel
2	children 's
2	Benigni 's Pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow .
2	Benigni 's Pinocchio
2	Benigni 's
1	is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow .
0	is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow
1	is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted ,
1	is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted
2	extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted
2	extremely straight and
2	extremely straight
0	mind-numbingly stilted
1	its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow
2	its episodic pacing
3	episodic pacing
2	keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow
2	keeping the film
2	the film
1	from developing any storytelling flow
2	developing any storytelling flow
1	any storytelling flow
2	storytelling flow
1	The troubling thing about Clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense .
1	The troubling thing about Clockstoppers
1	The troubling thing
2	troubling thing
2	about Clockstoppers
0	is that it does n't make any sense .
1	is that it does n't make any sense
2	that it does n't make any sense
1	it does n't make any sense
0	does n't make any sense
1	does n't
2	make any sense
2	any sense
1	With its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés .
2	With its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment
2	its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment
2	its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and
1	its paint fights , motorized scooter chases
2	its paint fights ,
2	its paint fights
2	paint fights
2	motorized scooter chases
2	scooter chases
2	dewy-eyed sentiment
1	, it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés .
1	it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés .
0	's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés .
1	's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés
0	a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés
1	a pretty listless collection
1	pretty listless collection
1	pretty listless
2	of kid-movie clichés
2	kid-movie clichés
2	Mostly the film is just hectic and homiletic : two parts exhausting Men in Black mayhem to one part family values .
1	the film is just hectic and homiletic : two parts exhausting Men in Black mayhem to one part family values .
2	the film
2	is just hectic and homiletic : two parts exhausting Men in Black mayhem to one part family values .
1	is just hectic and homiletic : two parts exhausting Men in Black mayhem to one part family values
2	is just hectic and homiletic :
1	is just hectic and homiletic
1	just hectic and homiletic
2	hectic and homiletic
2	hectic and
2	two parts exhausting Men in Black mayhem to one part family values
2	two parts
2	exhausting Men in Black mayhem to one part family values
2	exhausting Men in Black mayhem
2	Men in Black mayhem
2	in Black mayhem
2	Black mayhem
2	to one part family values
2	one part family values
2	part family values
3	family values
1	Kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
0	off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
2	off with an inauspicious
1	with an inauspicious
2	an inauspicious
0	premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
1	premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper
0	premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and
1	premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings
2	premise ,
0	mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings
1	through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings
0	a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings
1	a dreary tract
1	dreary tract
0	of virtually plotless meanderings
2	virtually plotless meanderings
1	virtually plotless
1	then ends with a whimper
1	ends with a whimper
2	with a whimper
1	a whimper
1	A rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .
1	A rote exercise in both animation and storytelling
2	A rote exercise
2	rote exercise
2	in both animation and storytelling
2	both animation and storytelling
2	animation and storytelling
2	animation and
1	The material and the production itself are little more than routine .
3	The material and the production
2	The material and
3	The material
2	the production
1	itself are little more than routine .
2	are little more than routine .
2	are little more than routine
1	little more than routine
2	little more
2	than routine
1	The movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had .
2	The movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had
1	The movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and
1	The movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though ,
1	The movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though
1	The movie 's major and most devastating flaw
2	The movie 's major and
2	The movie 's major
2	The movie 's
2	movie 's
0	most devastating flaw
1	most devastating
1	is its reliance on formula , though
2	is its reliance on formula ,
1	is its reliance on formula
2	its reliance on formula
2	its reliance
2	on formula
1	it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had
2	's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had
2	's quite enough
2	quite enough
1	to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had
1	lessen the overall impact the movie could have had
2	the overall impact the movie could have had
2	the overall impact
2	overall impact
2	the movie could have had
2	the movie
2	could have had
2	have had
0	Not even Steven Spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
0	even Steven Spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
1	Steven Spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
2	Steven Spielberg
1	has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
0	has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie
1	dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie
1	dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement
3	dreamed up
1	such blatant and sickening product placement
0	blatant and sickening product placement
1	and sickening product placement
1	sickening product placement
2	product placement
2	in a movie
2	a movie
0	It 's all surface psychodramatics .
2	's all surface psychodramatics .
1	's all surface psychodramatics
2	's all
2	surface psychodramatics
1	The Mothman Prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .
1	The Mothman Prophecies , which is mostly a bore ,
1	The Mothman Prophecies , which is mostly a bore
2	The Mothman Prophecies ,
2	The Mothman Prophecies
2	Mothman Prophecies
1	which is mostly a bore
0	is mostly a bore
2	is mostly
1	a bore
2	seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .
1	seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece
2	to exist only for its climactic setpiece
1	exist only for its climactic setpiece
2	exist only
2	for its climactic setpiece
2	its climactic setpiece
3	climactic setpiece
1	That frenetic spectacle -LRB- on the TV show -RRB- has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout .
1	That frenetic spectacle -LRB- on the TV show -RRB-
2	That frenetic spectacle
2	frenetic spectacle
2	-LRB- on the TV show -RRB-
2	on the TV show -RRB-
2	on the TV show
2	the TV show
2	TV show
1	has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout .
2	has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout
3	has usually
1	been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout
1	leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout
1	by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout
1	a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout
3	a charm
1	that 's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout
2	's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout
2	conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout
3	missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout
2	from the Girls ' big-screen blowout
2	the Girls ' big-screen blowout
2	the Girls '
2	Girls '
2	big-screen blowout
0	Kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .
1	, flashy , overlong soap opera .
1	flashy , overlong soap opera .
1	flashy , overlong soap
1	, overlong soap
1	overlong soap
2	opera .
1	For all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them .
2	For all the time we spend with these people
2	For all the time
2	all the time
2	the time
2	we spend with these people
3	spend with these people
2	with these people
2	these people
1	, we never really get inside of them .
1	we never really get inside of them .
2	never really get inside of them .
3	really get inside of them .
3	really get inside of them
2	get inside of them
2	inside of them
2	of them
1	Yet another Arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .
1	another Arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .
1	another Arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate
2	another Arnold vehicle
2	Arnold vehicle
1	that fails to make adequate
2	fails to make adequate
2	to make adequate
2	make adequate
3	use of his particular talents .
3	use of his particular talents
2	of his particular talents
2	his particular talents
3	particular talents
1	Sandra Bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
2	Sandra Bullock
1	, despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
3	despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
3	despite downplaying her good looks
2	downplaying her good looks
3	her good looks
3	good looks
0	, carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
1	carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
1	carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff
1	a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff
2	a little
1	too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff
1	too much
1	ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff
2	ai n't
1	- she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff
2	- she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop
2	- she-cute baggage
2	she-cute baggage
2	into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop
2	her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop
2	her lead role
2	lead role
2	as a troubled and determined homicide cop
1	a troubled and determined homicide cop
3	troubled and determined homicide cop
2	troubled and determined
1	troubled and
2	homicide cop
2	to quite pull off the heavy stuff
2	quite pull off the heavy stuff
2	pull off the heavy stuff
2	pull off
2	the heavy stuff
2	heavy stuff
0	An undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .
1	An undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece
1	undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece
2	attempt to make a classic theater piece
3	to make a classic theater piece
3	make a classic theater piece
4	a classic theater piece
4	classic theater piece
2	theater piece
2	cinematic .
0	too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .
1	too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize
2	many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize
2	many scenarios
3	in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize
2	in which
2	the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize
2	the hero
2	might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize
3	have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize
2	an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize
2	an opportunity
3	to triumphantly sermonize
2	triumphantly sermonize
2	, and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .
3	, and
2	too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .
1	too few
2	that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .
2	that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay
2	allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay
2	us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay
2	to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay
2	wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay
2	wonder for ourselves
2	for ourselves
2	if things will turn out okay
3	things will turn out okay
3	will turn out okay
3	turn out okay
2	turn out
1	There is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .
1	is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .
1	is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time
1	is simply not enough of interest onscreen
2	is simply
1	not enough of interest onscreen
3	enough of interest onscreen
2	of interest onscreen
3	interest onscreen
2	to sustain its seventy-minute running time
2	sustain its seventy-minute running time
2	its seventy-minute running time
3	seventy-minute running time
2	running time
2	A wordy wisp of a comedy .
1	A wordy wisp of a comedy
2	A wordy wisp
2	wordy wisp
2	of a comedy
2	a comedy
1	Broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .
0	Broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient
1	Broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and
1	Broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all ,
2	Broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all
2	Broomfield 's style of journalism
2	Broomfield 's style
2	Broomfield 's
2	of journalism
1	is hardly journalism at all
2	is hardly
2	journalism at all
2	at all
1	even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient
2	even those with an avid interest in the subject
2	even those
3	with an avid interest in the subject
3	an avid interest in the subject
3	an avid interest
3	avid interest
2	in the subject
2	the subject
2	will grow impatient
1	grow impatient
1	-LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year 's Razzie .
1	-LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- strenuous attempt at a change in expression
1	-LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- strenuous attempt
3	-LRB- Seagal 's -RRB-
2	Seagal 's -RRB-
2	Seagal 's
2	strenuous attempt
2	at a change in expression
3	a change in expression
2	a change
2	in expression
1	could very well clinch him this year 's Razzie .
1	could very well clinch him this year 's Razzie
2	could very well
3	very well
1	clinch him this year 's Razzie
1	him this year 's Razzie
1	this year 's Razzie
2	this year 's
2	year 's
0	Has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together TV episodes .
0	the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together TV episodes .
1	the disjointed
1	feel of a bunch of strung-together TV episodes .
2	feel of a bunch of strung-together TV episodes
2	of a bunch of strung-together TV episodes
1	a bunch of strung-together TV episodes
2	a bunch
1	of strung-together TV episodes
2	strung-together TV episodes
3	TV episodes
1	A series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .
2	A series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose
2	A series
2	of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose
2	escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose
2	demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose
2	demonstrating the adage
2	the adage
2	that what is good for the goose
2	what is good for the goose
2	is good for the goose
3	good for the goose
2	for the goose
2	the goose
2	is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .
2	is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story
2	is also
2	good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story
2	for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story
1	the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story
2	the gander ,
2	the gander
2	some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story
2	some of which
2	of which
2	occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story
2	amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story
1	but none of which amounts to much of a story
1	none of which amounts to much of a story
2	of which amounts to much of a story
2	which amounts to much of a story
2	amounts to much of a story
2	to much of a story
2	much of a story
2	of a story
2	a story
0	Ozpetek offers an AIDS subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves .
2	offers an AIDS subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves .
1	offers an AIDS subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves
1	offers an AIDS subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and
1	offers an AIDS subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex ,
2	offers an AIDS subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex
2	offers an AIDS subtext ,
2	offers an AIDS subtext
2	an AIDS subtext
2	AIDS subtext
1	skims over the realities of gay sex
2	skims over
2	the realities of gay sex
2	the realities
2	of gay sex
2	gay sex
0	presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves
2	yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves
0	yet another tired old vision
0	another tired old vision
1	tired old vision
1	tired old
1	of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves
1	the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves
2	the gay community
2	gay community
1	as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves
1	an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves
2	an all-inclusive world
2	all-inclusive world
1	where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves
2	uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves
1	uptight , middle class bores like Antonia
2	uptight , middle class bores
1	uptight , middle
2	, middle
1	class bores
2	like Antonia
2	can feel good about themselves
3	feel good about themselves
3	feel good
2	about themselves
2	A dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness .
1	A dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness
1	A dopey movie
1	dopey movie
1	clothed in excess layers of hipness
1	in excess layers of hipness
1	excess layers of hipness
1	excess layers
2	of hipness
0	The Sweetest Thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
2	The Sweetest Thing
4	Sweetest Thing
1	is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
0	is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
2	is expressly
0	for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
0	idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
1	who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
0	do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
2	do n't
0	care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
1	what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
1	what kind of sewage
2	what kind
2	of sewage
1	they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
2	shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
2	shovel into their mental gullets
2	into their mental gullets
2	their mental gullets
2	mental gullets
2	to simulate sustenance
2	simulate sustenance
0	Sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even Freeman ca n't save it .
2	so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even Freeman ca n't save it .
1	so low in a poorly
1	so low
1	in a poorly
2	a poorly
0	played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even Freeman ca n't save it .
0	played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even Freeman ca n't save it
1	played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters
0	game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters
0	of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters
0	absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters
1	absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and
0	absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers
1	absurd plot twists ,
1	absurd plot twists
2	plot twists
1	idiotic court maneuvers
3	court maneuvers
1	stupid characters
1	that even Freeman ca n't save it
2	that even
1	Freeman ca n't save it
1	ca n't save it
2	ca n't
2	save it
2	I realized that no matter how fantastic Reign of Fire looked , its story was making no sense at all .
1	realized that no matter how fantastic Reign of Fire looked , its story was making no sense at all .
1	realized that no matter how fantastic Reign of Fire looked , its story was making no sense at all
1	that no matter how fantastic Reign of Fire looked , its story was making no sense at all
1	no matter how fantastic Reign of Fire looked , its story was making no sense at all
2	no matter how fantastic Reign of Fire looked
2	no matter
4	how fantastic Reign of Fire looked
3	fantastic Reign of Fire looked
4	fantastic Reign of Fire
3	fantastic Reign
2	of Fire
1	, its story was making no sense at all
0	its story was making no sense at all
2	its story
1	was making no sense at all
1	making no sense at all
1	making no sense
2	no sense
2	at all
1	It made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire .
1	made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire .
1	made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire
1	me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire
1	realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire
0	that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire
1	we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire
2	really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire
2	have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire
2	have n't
2	had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire
2	had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ...
2	had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well
2	a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well
2	a good cheesy B-movie playing
2	good cheesy B-movie playing
1	cheesy B-movie playing
1	cheesy B-movie
2	in theaters since ... well
2	theaters since ... well
2	theaters since ...
2	theaters since
2	since last week 's Reign of Fire
2	last week 's Reign of Fire
2	last week
2	's Reign of Fire
2	Reign of Fire
2	of Fire
1	Some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever , were made for the palm screen .
1	Some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever , were made for the palm screen
2	Some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and
2	Some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen ,
1	Some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen
2	Some movies
2	were made for the big screen , some for the small screen
1	made for the big screen , some for the small screen
2	for the big screen , some for the small screen
2	the big screen , some for the small screen
2	the big screen ,
2	the big screen
2	big screen
2	some for the small screen
2	for the small screen
1	the small screen
2	small screen
2	some , like Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever , were made for the palm screen
2	, like Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever , were made for the palm screen
2	like Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever , were made for the palm screen
2	like Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever
2	Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever
3	Ballistic :
2	Ecks vs. Sever
2	Ecks vs.
2	, were made for the palm screen
1	were made for the palm screen
2	made for the palm screen
2	for the palm screen
2	the palm screen
2	palm screen
1	SC2 is an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both .
1	SC2 is an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both
1	SC2 is an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit , yet
0	SC2 is an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit ,
0	SC2 is an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit
1	is an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit
0	an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit
1	an autopilot Hollywood concoction
2	autopilot Hollywood concoction
1	Hollywood concoction
1	lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit
3	in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit
3	imagination and authentic Christmas spirit
2	imagination and
3	authentic Christmas spirit
3	Christmas spirit
2	it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both
2	's geared toward an audience full of masters of both
2	geared toward an audience full of masters of both
2	toward an audience full of masters of both
2	an audience full of masters of both
2	an audience
3	full of masters of both
3	of masters of both
4	masters of both
2	of both
2	After all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying .
2	After all the big build-up
2	all the big build-up
2	the big build-up
2	big build-up
1	, the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying .
0	the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying .
3	the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters ,
2	the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters
3	the payoff for the audience , as well as
2	the payoff for the audience ,
3	the payoff for the audience
3	the payoff
2	for the audience
2	the audience
2	as well as
2	well as
2	the characters
0	is messy , murky , unsatisfying .
0	is messy , murky , unsatisfying
0	messy , murky , unsatisfying
0	messy , murky ,
0	messy , murky
1	messy ,
1	Seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight .
0	Seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight
1	Seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and
1	Seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool ,
1	Seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool
1	content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool
1	to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool
1	dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool
2	in the mediocre end of the pool
1	the mediocre end of the pool
0	the mediocre end
1	mediocre end
2	of the pool
2	the pool
1	it 's a sad , sick sight
1	's a sad , sick sight
2	a sad , sick sight
1	sad , sick sight
2	, sick sight
1	sick sight
4	It 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; Diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly .
4	It 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; Diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly
4	It 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ;
3	It 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy
3	's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy
3	's refreshing
2	that someone understands the need for the bad boy
3	someone understands the need for the bad boy
2	understands the need for the bad boy
2	the need for the bad boy
2	the need
2	for the bad boy
2	the bad boy
2	bad boy
3	Diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly
3	, with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly
2	with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly
3	with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery
3	his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery
2	his brawny frame and
2	his brawny frame
2	brawny frame
3	cool , composed delivery
3	, composed delivery
3	composed delivery
4	, fits the bill perfectly
4	fits the bill perfectly
3	fits the bill
2	the bill
2	If all of Eight Legged Freaks was as entertaining as the final hour , I would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation .
2	If all of Eight Legged Freaks was as entertaining as the final hour
2	all of Eight Legged Freaks was as entertaining as the final hour
2	all of Eight Legged Freaks
2	of Eight Legged Freaks
2	Eight Legged Freaks
1	Legged Freaks
2	was as entertaining as the final hour
3	as entertaining as the final hour
3	entertaining as the final hour
2	as the final hour
2	the final hour
2	final hour
1	, I would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation .
1	I would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation .
3	would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation .
3	would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation
3	have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation
2	no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation
1	no problem
2	giving it an unqualified recommendation
2	giving it
2	an unqualified recommendation
2	unqualified recommendation
1	Suffers from a flat script and a low budget .
0	Suffers from a flat script and a low budget
1	from a flat script and a low budget
1	a flat script and a low budget
1	a flat script and
1	a flat script
2	flat script
2	a low budget
1	low budget
3	There are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door .
2	are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door .
2	are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door
2	deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door
2	deeply religious and spiritual people
2	religious and spiritual people
2	and spiritual people
2	spiritual people
2	in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door
2	this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door
2	this world
2	who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door
2	would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door
1	argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door
2	that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door
2	entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door
2	entering a church , synagogue or temple
2	a church , synagogue or temple
2	church , synagogue or temple
2	, synagogue or temple
2	synagogue or temple
2	synagogue or
1	does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door
1	does n't
2	mean you have to check your brain at the door
1	you have to check your brain at the door
0	have to check your brain at the door
1	to check your brain at the door
1	check your brain at the door
1	check your brain
2	your brain
2	at the door
2	the door
2	The same should go for movie theaters .
2	The same
2	should go for movie theaters .
3	should go for movie theaters
2	go for movie theaters
2	for movie theaters
2	movie theaters
0	Seemingly a vehicle to showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings , Stealing Harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore .
1	Seemingly a vehicle to showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings
1	a vehicle to showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings
0	vehicle to showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings
2	to showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings
1	showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings
1	the Canadian 's inane ramblings
2	the Canadian 's
2	Canadian 's
1	inane ramblings
1	, Stealing Harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore .
1	Stealing Harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore .
2	Stealing Harvard
1	is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore .
1	is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore
1	a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore
2	a smorgasbord
1	of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore
1	soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore
1	about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore
1	nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore
2	delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore
2	by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore
2	the former Mr. Drew Barrymore
2	former Mr. Drew Barrymore
2	Mr. Drew Barrymore
2	Drew Barrymore
2	The film tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film .
2	The film
1	tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film .
1	tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film
1	tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and
0	tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course
2	tries to touch on spousal abuse but
3	tries to touch on spousal abuse
2	to touch on spousal abuse
1	touch on spousal abuse
2	on spousal abuse
1	spousal abuse
1	veers off course
1	veers off
1	becomes just another revenge film
1	just another revenge film
2	another revenge film
2	revenge film
2	As it stands it 's an opera movie for the buffs .
2	As it stands
2	it stands
3	it 's an opera movie for the buffs .
3	's an opera movie for the buffs .
3	's an opera movie for the buffs
3	an opera movie for the buffs
2	an opera movie
2	opera movie
2	for the buffs
2	the buffs
0	This franchise has not spawned a single good film .
2	This franchise
0	has not spawned a single good film .
1	has not spawned a single good film
2	has not
2	spawned a single good film
3	a single good film
3	single good film
4	good film
0	The crap continues .
1	The crap
3	continues .
1	Its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock -LRB- since Sept. 11 -RRB- .
0	Its inescapable absurdities
1	inescapable absurdities
1	are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock -LRB- since Sept. 11 -RRB- .
1	are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock -LRB- since Sept. 11 -RRB-
0	are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock
0	tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock
1	to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock
2	insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock
2	the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock
2	the intelligence of anyone
2	the intelligence
2	of anyone
2	who has n't been living under a rock
2	has n't been living under a rock
2	has n't
2	been living under a rock
1	living under a rock
1	under a rock
2	a rock
2	-LRB- since Sept. 11 -RRB-
2	since Sept. 11 -RRB-
2	since Sept. 11
2	Sept. 11
3	High drama , Disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky .
3	High drama , Disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky
2	High drama , Disney-style -
3	High drama , Disney-style
3	High drama ,
3	High drama
2	a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky
2	a wing and a prayer and
2	a wing and a prayer
2	a wing and
2	a wing
2	a prayer
2	a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky
1	a hunky has-been
1	hunky has-been
2	pursuing his castle in the sky
2	pursuing his castle
2	his castle
2	in the sky
2	the sky
1	Like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team through , the characters in Swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
0	Like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team through
1	its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team through
2	its script ,
2	its script
0	which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team through
1	nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team through
2	nurses plot holes
1	plot holes
1	gaping enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team through
2	gaping enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team
3	gaping enough to pilot
2	enough to pilot
2	to pilot
2	an entire Olympic swim team
2	entire Olympic swim team
2	Olympic swim team
2	swim team
1	, the characters in Swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
0	the characters in Swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
2	the characters in Swimfan
2	the characters
2	in Swimfan
0	seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
0	seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover
1	motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover
2	motivated by nothing short
1	motivated by nothing
2	by nothing
2	of dull , brain-deadening hangover
0	dull , brain-deadening hangover
1	, brain-deadening hangover
2	brain-deadening hangover
1	One big blustery movie where nothing really happens .
1	One big blustery movie
2	big blustery movie
1	blustery movie
1	where nothing really happens .
0	where nothing really happens
1	nothing really happens
2	really happens
0	When it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
2	When it comes out on video
2	it comes out on video
3	comes out on video
2	comes out
2	on video
1	, then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
0	then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
1	it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
0	's the perfect cure for insomnia .
1	's the perfect cure for insomnia
0	the perfect cure for insomnia
3	the perfect cure
2	perfect cure
3	for insomnia
1	Like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , Comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .
1	Like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop
1	a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop
2	a comedian
1	who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop
0	starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop
2	starts off promisingly but
2	starts off promisingly
2	starts off
1	then proceeds to flop
1	proceeds to flop
2	to flop
1	, Comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .
1	Comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .
0	runs out of steam after a half hour .
1	runs out of steam after a half hour
1	runs out of steam
2	runs out
2	of steam
2	after a half hour
2	a half hour
2	half hour
1	The pairing does sound promising in theory ... but their lack of chemistry makes Eddie Murphy and Robert DeNiro in Showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners .
2	The pairing does sound promising in theory ... but their lack of chemistry makes Eddie Murphy and Robert DeNiro in Showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners
2	The pairing does sound promising in theory ... but
2	The pairing does sound promising in theory ...
2	The pairing does sound promising in theory
2	The pairing
3	does sound promising in theory
2	sound promising in theory
2	promising in theory
2	in theory
1	their lack of chemistry makes Eddie Murphy and Robert DeNiro in Showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners
1	their lack of chemistry
1	their lack
2	of chemistry
2	makes Eddie Murphy and Robert DeNiro in Showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners
2	Eddie Murphy and Robert DeNiro in Showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners
2	Eddie Murphy and Robert DeNiro in Showtime
2	Eddie Murphy and
2	Eddie Murphy
2	Robert DeNiro in Showtime
2	Robert DeNiro
2	in Showtime
2	look like old , familiar vaudeville partners
2	like old , familiar vaudeville partners
2	old , familiar vaudeville partners
1	old , familiar
2	, familiar
2	vaudeville partners
2	Director Chris Eyre is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking .
2	Director Chris Eyre
2	Chris Eyre
2	is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking .
1	is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking
1	going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking
2	going through the paces again
2	going through the paces
2	through the paces
2	the paces
2	with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking
2	his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking
3	his usual high melodramatic style
2	usual high melodramatic style
3	high melodramatic style
2	melodramatic style
2	of filmmaking
2	As it stands , there 's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more .
2	As it stands
2	it stands
2	, there 's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more .
2	there 's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more .
3	's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more .
2	's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more
1	some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more
2	some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not
3	some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing ,
3	some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing
3	some fine sex onscreen , and
3	some fine sex onscreen ,
2	some fine sex onscreen
3	fine sex onscreen
2	sex onscreen
2	some tense arguing
1	tense arguing
2	but not
2	a whole lot more
3	a whole lot
2	whole lot
1	I could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay .
2	could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay .
1	could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay
2	could just
1	feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay
2	feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap , tap , tap ,
2	feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap , tap , tap
3	feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap , tap ,
2	feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap , tap
2	feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap ,
2	feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap
2	feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap ,
3	feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap
2	feel the screenwriter at every moment `
3	feel the screenwriter at every moment
2	feel the screenwriter
2	the screenwriter
2	at every moment
2	every moment
2	tapping away ' on this screenplay
2	tapping away '
2	tapping away
3	on this screenplay
2	this screenplay
2	The picture does n't know it 's a comedy .
2	The picture
1	does n't know it 's a comedy .
1	does n't know it 's a comedy
1	does n't
2	know it 's a comedy
2	it 's a comedy
2	's a comedy
2	a comedy
0	A stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .
1	A stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme
0	A stupid , derivative horror film
0	stupid , derivative horror film
2	, derivative horror film
1	derivative horror film
2	horror film
2	that substitutes extreme
2	substitutes extreme
1	gore for suspense .
1	gore for suspense
2	for suspense
1	The rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .
2	The rollerball sequences
2	rollerball sequences
1	feel sanitised and stagey .
1	feel sanitised and stagey
2	sanitised and stagey
1	sanitised and
1	Roman Polanski directs The Pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .
2	Roman Polanski
1	directs The Pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .
1	directs The Pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion
1	The Pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion
2	The Pianist
1	like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion
1	a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion
2	a surgeon mends a broken heart ;
3	a surgeon mends a broken heart
3	a surgeon mends
3	surgeon mends
2	a broken heart
2	broken heart
1	very meticulously but without any passion
2	very meticulously but
2	very meticulously
1	without any passion
2	any passion
2	Nothing more than a run-of-the-mill action flick .
2	more than a run-of-the-mill action flick .
3	more than a run-of-the-mill action
2	than a run-of-the-mill action
2	a run-of-the-mill action
1	run-of-the-mill action
2	flick .
2	Lan Yu is certainly a serviceable melodrama , but it does n't even try for the greatness that Happy Together shoots for -LRB- and misses -RRB- .
2	Lan Yu is certainly a serviceable melodrama , but it does n't even try for the greatness that Happy Together shoots for -LRB- and misses -RRB-
2	Lan Yu is certainly a serviceable melodrama , but
3	Lan Yu is certainly a serviceable melodrama ,
2	Lan Yu is certainly a serviceable melodrama
2	Lan Yu
3	is certainly a serviceable melodrama
2	is certainly
3	a serviceable melodrama
2	serviceable melodrama
1	it does n't even try for the greatness that Happy Together shoots for -LRB- and misses -RRB-
1	does n't even try for the greatness that Happy Together shoots for -LRB- and misses -RRB-
2	does n't even
1	does n't
1	try for the greatness that Happy Together shoots for -LRB- and misses -RRB-
3	try for the greatness
3	for the greatness
4	the greatness
2	that Happy Together shoots for -LRB- and misses -RRB-
1	Happy Together shoots for -LRB- and misses -RRB-
3	Together shoots for -LRB- and misses -RRB-
1	shoots for -LRB- and misses -RRB-
2	shoots for
1	-LRB- and misses -RRB-
2	-LRB- and misses
2	-LRB- and
1	This is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .
1	is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .
1	is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned
1	an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned
2	an action movie with an action icon
2	an action movie
2	action movie
2	with an action icon
3	an action icon
2	action icon
2	who 's been all but decommissioned
2	's been all but decommissioned
1	been all but decommissioned
2	all but decommissioned
2	all but
1	Even if it is generally amusing from time to time , I Spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
2	Even if it is generally amusing from time to time
3	if it is generally amusing from time to time
3	it is generally amusing from time to time
3	is generally amusing from time to time
3	is generally amusing from time
3	generally amusing from time
3	amusing from time
2	from time
2	to time
1	, I Spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
1	I Spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
1	Spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
0	has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
1	has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have
1	all the same problems the majority of action comedies have
2	all the same problems
1	the same problems
2	same problems
2	the majority of action comedies have
2	the majority of action comedies
2	the majority
2	of action comedies
2	action comedies
1	Much like Robin Williams , Death to Smoochy has already reached its expiration date .
2	Much like Robin Williams , Death to Smoochy
2	like Robin Williams , Death to Smoochy
3	Robin Williams , Death to Smoochy
2	Robin Williams ,
2	Robin Williams
2	Death to Smoochy
2	to Smoochy
2	has already reached its expiration date .
0	has already reached its expiration date
2	has already
1	reached its expiration date
2	its expiration date
1	expiration date
0	An annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .
0	An annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere
1	An annoying orgy of excess and exploitation
0	An annoying orgy
1	annoying orgy
2	of excess and exploitation
2	excess and exploitation
2	excess and
0	that has no point and goes nowhere
0	has no point and goes nowhere
0	has no point and
1	has no point
1	no point
2	goes nowhere
0	A tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with .
0	A tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with
0	A tired , unnecessary retread ...
0	A tired , unnecessary retread
1	tired , unnecessary retread
1	tired , unnecessary
1	, unnecessary
1	a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with
1	a stale copy
1	stale copy
1	of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with
0	a picture that was n't all that great to begin with
2	a picture
1	that was n't all that great to begin with
1	was n't all that great to begin with
2	was n't
2	all that great to begin with
2	all that
3	great to begin with
2	to begin with
3	begin with
2	An often unfunny romp .
1	An often unfunny
1	often unfunny
2	romp .
1	A worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school TV special .
3	A worthy idea
3	worthy idea
1	, but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school TV special .
2	, but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school TV special
2	, but
1	the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school TV special
1	the uninspired scripts , acting and direction
1	uninspired scripts , acting and direction
2	scripts , acting and direction
2	, acting and direction
2	acting and direction
2	acting and
1	never rise above the level of an after-school TV special
1	rise above the level of an after-school TV special
1	above the level of an after-school TV special
1	the level of an after-school TV special
2	the level
2	of an after-school TV special
2	an after-school TV special
2	after-school TV special
2	TV special
2	Twenty years later , Reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery , but his ability to startle has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes to task .
3	Twenty years later , Reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery , but his ability to startle has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes to task
2	Twenty years later , Reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery , but
3	Twenty years later , Reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery ,
3	Twenty years later , Reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery
2	Twenty years later
2	years later
4	, Reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery
3	Reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery
2	still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery
3	knows how to make a point with poetic imagery
2	how to make a point with poetic imagery
3	to make a point with poetic imagery
3	make a point with poetic imagery
2	make a point
2	a point
3	with poetic imagery
4	poetic imagery
2	his ability to startle has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes to task
3	his ability to startle
3	ability to startle
2	to startle
2	has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes to task
2	been stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes to task
1	stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes to task
2	stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology
2	by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology
2	the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology
2	the very prevalence
2	very prevalence
2	of the fast-forward technology
2	the fast-forward technology
2	fast-forward technology
2	that he so stringently takes to task
2	he so stringently takes to task
2	so stringently takes to task
2	stringently takes to task
2	takes to task
2	to task
1	Ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .
2	exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .
1	exercise in formula crash-and-bash action
1	in formula crash-and-bash action
2	formula crash-and-bash action
3	crash-and-bash action
2	We have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting .
3	have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting .
2	have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting
2	an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting
2	an actor
3	who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting
3	is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting
3	great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting
2	fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting
1	to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting
1	watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting
1	performing in a film that is only mildly diverting
2	in a film that is only mildly diverting
1	a film that is only mildly diverting
2	a film
2	that is only mildly diverting
2	is only mildly diverting
2	is only mildly
2	only mildly
2	Despite Hoffman 's best efforts , Wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before .
1	Despite Hoffman 's best efforts , Wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before
2	Despite Hoffman 's best efforts , Wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ;
1	Despite Hoffman 's best efforts , Wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher
1	Despite Hoffman 's best efforts
3	Hoffman 's best efforts
2	Hoffman 's
3	best efforts
1	, Wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher
1	Wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher
1	remains a silent , lumpish cipher
1	a silent , lumpish cipher
1	silent , lumpish cipher
1	, lumpish cipher
2	lumpish cipher
1	his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before
2	his encounters
1	reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before
1	nothing about who he is or who he was before
2	about who he is or who he was before
2	who he is or who he was before
2	who he is or
2	who he is
2	he is
3	who he was before
2	he was before
2	was before
2	There 's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy , and The Count of Monte Cristo ... never quite settles on either side .
2	There 's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy , and The Count of Monte Cristo ... never quite settles on either side
1	There 's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy , and
2	There 's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy ,
2	There 's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy
1	's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy
2	a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy
2	a thin line
2	thin line
2	between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy
2	likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy
1	old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy
2	old-fashioned and
1	The Count of Monte Cristo ... never quite settles on either side
2	The Count of Monte Cristo
2	The Count
2	of Monte Cristo
2	Monte Cristo
1	... never quite settles on either side
2	never quite settles on either side
1	never quite
2	settles on either side
2	on either side
2	either side
0	The emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .
2	The emotional overload of female angst
2	The emotional overload
2	emotional overload
2	of female angst
2	female angst
1	irreparably drags the film down .
1	drags the film down .
1	drags the film down
1	drags the film
2	the film
1	Schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .
2	Schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ...
1	Schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch
2	Schaefer 's ...
2	Schaefer 's
1	determination to inject farcical raunch
1	to inject farcical raunch
1	inject farcical raunch
2	farcical raunch
1	drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .
2	drowns out the promise of the romantic angle
1	drowns out
2	the promise of the romantic angle
2	the promise
2	of the romantic angle
2	the romantic angle
2	romantic angle
1	Like Showgirls and Glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .
2	Like Showgirls and Glitter
2	Showgirls and Glitter
2	Showgirls and
2	, the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .
3	the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .
3	the most entertaining moments
3	most entertaining moments
4	most entertaining
1	here are unintentional .
2	are unintentional .
2	are unintentional
1	While some of the camera work is interesting , the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
3	While some of the camera work is interesting
3	some of the camera work is interesting
2	some of the camera work
2	of the camera work
2	the camera work
2	camera work
3	is interesting
1	, the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
1	the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
1	the film 's mid-to-low budget
2	the film 's
2	film 's
1	mid-to-low budget
2	is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
1	is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work
1	betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work
1	by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work
1	the surprisingly shoddy makeup work
1	surprisingly shoddy makeup work
1	surprisingly shoddy
2	makeup work
2	The origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books .
3	The origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books
3	The origin story is well told , and
3	The origin story is well told ,
4	The origin story is well told
2	The origin story
2	origin story
4	is well told
3	is well
3	the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books
2	the characters
3	will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books
2	will not
0	disappoint anyone who values the original comic books
2	anyone who values the original comic books
3	who values the original comic books
3	values the original comic books
2	the original comic books
2	original comic books
2	comic books
1	It 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .
2	's in the action scenes that things fall apart .
0	's in the action scenes that things fall apart
2	's in the action scenes
2	in the action scenes
2	the action scenes
3	action scenes
1	that things fall apart
1	things fall apart
1	fall apart
1	Impostor is a step down for director Gary Fleder .
1	is a step down for director Gary Fleder .
1	is a step down for director Gary Fleder
1	is a step down
1	a step down
2	a step
2	for director Gary Fleder
2	director Gary Fleder
2	Gary Fleder
0	Seagal , who looks more like Danny Aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .
2	Seagal , who looks more like Danny Aiello these days ,
3	Seagal , who looks more like Danny Aiello these days
2	Seagal ,
2	who looks more like Danny Aiello these days
2	looks more like Danny Aiello these days
2	looks more like Danny Aiello
2	more like Danny Aiello
2	like Danny Aiello
2	Danny Aiello
2	these days
1	mumbles his way through the movie .
1	mumbles his way through the movie
2	mumbles his way
2	his way
2	through the movie
2	the movie
1	The movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents .
2	The movie
2	is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents .
1	is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents
1	a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents
1	a negligible work
1	negligible work
1	of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents
1	manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents
1	manipulation ,
1	an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents
2	an exploitation piece
1	exploitation piece
1	doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents
2	doing its usual worst
1	its usual worst
1	usual worst
1	to guilt-trip parents
2	guilt-trip parents
1	Lacks dramatic punch and depth .
0	Lacks dramatic punch and depth
3	dramatic punch and depth
3	punch and depth
2	punch and
2	There are moments of real pleasure to be found in Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary but not enough to sustain the film .
2	are moments of real pleasure to be found in Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary but not enough to sustain the film .
2	are moments of real pleasure to be found in Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary but not enough to sustain the film
2	moments of real pleasure to be found in Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary but not enough to sustain the film
3	moments of real pleasure
3	of real pleasure
3	real pleasure
2	to be found in Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary but not enough to sustain the film
1	be found in Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary but not enough to sustain the film
2	found in Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary but not enough to sustain the film
2	found in Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary but not enough
2	in Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary but not enough
3	Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary but not enough
3	Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary but not
3	Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary
3	Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy
2	Sara Sugarman 's
2	Sugarman 's
3	whimsical comedy
2	Very Annie-Mary
2	but not
2	to sustain the film
2	sustain the film
2	the film
0	I can analyze this movie in three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down .
0	can analyze this movie in three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down .
0	can analyze this movie in three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down
0	analyze this movie in three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down
2	analyze this movie
2	this movie
0	in three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down
0	three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down
2	three words :
2	three words
0	Thumbs Friggin ' Down
2	Thumbs Friggin '
2	Friggin '
1	Sadly , ` Garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne . '
2	, ` Garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne . '
2	` Garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne . '
1	Garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne . '
2	' has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne . '
1	has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne . '
2	has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne .
1	has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne
2	has n't
3	progressed as nicely as ` Wayne
2	progressed as nicely
2	as nicely
3	as ` Wayne
2	as `
0	Make like the title and dodge this one .
1	Make like the title and dodge this one
2	Make like the title and
2	Make like the title
2	like the title
2	the title
1	dodge this one
2	this one
0	This is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .
1	is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .
1	is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live
1	is not
4	one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live
3	of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live
4	the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live
2	the movies
4	you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live
3	'd want to watch if you only had a week to live
3	want to watch if you only had a week to live
2	to watch if you only had a week to live
3	watch if you only had a week to live
1	if you only had a week to live
2	you only had a week to live
1	only had a week to live
2	had a week to live
2	a week to live
2	week to live
2	to live
1	The first hour is tedious though Ford and Neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .
2	The first hour
2	first hour
1	is tedious though Ford and Neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .
1	is tedious though Ford and Neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie
2	is tedious
1	though Ford and Neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie
1	Ford and Neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie
2	Ford and Neeson
2	Ford and
1	capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie
1	hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie
2	our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie
2	our interest ,
2	our interest
1	but its just not a thrilling movie
1	its just not a thrilling movie
1	just not a thrilling movie
2	just not a
2	just not
3	thrilling movie
1	Here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .
2	's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .
1	's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
0	a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
2	a case
1	of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
2	two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
2	two actors
1	who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
1	do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
1	everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
2	humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
3	humanly possible
1	to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
1	create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
1	characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
2	who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
1	are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
3	are sweet and believable , and
3	are sweet and believable ,
3	are sweet and believable
3	sweet and believable
3	sweet and
0	are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
1	defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
1	by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
1	a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
2	a screenplay
2	that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
0	forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
2	forces them
1	into bizarre , implausible behavior
2	bizarre , implausible behavior
1	bizarre , implausible
1	, implausible
2	It 's obvious -LRB- Je-Gyu is -RRB- trying for poetry ; what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom .
0	It 's obvious -LRB- Je-Gyu is -RRB- trying for poetry ; what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom
1	It 's obvious -LRB- Je-Gyu is -RRB- trying for poetry ;
2	It 's obvious -LRB- Je-Gyu is -RRB- trying for poetry
2	's obvious -LRB- Je-Gyu is -RRB- trying for poetry
3	obvious -LRB- Je-Gyu is -RRB- trying for poetry
2	obvious -LRB- Je-Gyu is -RRB-
2	-LRB- Je-Gyu is -RRB-
2	Je-Gyu is -RRB-
2	Je-Gyu is
2	trying for poetry
2	for poetry
1	what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom
2	what he gets
2	he gets
1	instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom
1	has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom
1	all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom
2	all the lyricism
2	the lyricism
2	of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom
1	a limerick scrawled in a public restroom
2	a limerick
2	scrawled in a public restroom
2	in a public restroom
2	a public restroom
2	public restroom
2	Sweet Home Alabama is one dumb movie , but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end .
1	Sweet Home Alabama is one dumb movie , but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end
1	Sweet Home Alabama is one dumb movie , but
1	Sweet Home Alabama is one dumb movie ,
1	Sweet Home Alabama is one dumb movie
2	Sweet Home Alabama
4	Home Alabama
0	is one dumb movie
1	one dumb movie
0	dumb movie
1	its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end
1	its stupidity
3	is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end
2	is so relentlessly harmless
2	so relentlessly harmless
2	relentlessly harmless
3	that it almost wins you over in the end
2	it almost wins you over in the end
2	almost wins you over in the end
3	wins you over in the end
4	wins you over
4	wins you
2	in the end
2	the end
1	-LRB- Green is -RRB- the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and I 'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
1	Green is -RRB- the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and I 'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
0	is -RRB- the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and I 'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
0	is -RRB- the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and I 'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike
1	is -RRB- the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and
1	is -RRB- the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein ,
1	is -RRB- the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein
2	is -RRB-
1	the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein
2	the comedy equivalent of
3	the comedy equivalent
2	comedy equivalent
2	Saddam Hussein
1	I 'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike
1	'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike
2	'm just
2	about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike
1	ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike
2	to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike
1	go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike
2	go to the U.N. and
2	go to the U.N.
2	to the U.N.
2	the U.N.
2	ask permission for a preemptive strike
2	ask permission
2	for a preemptive strike
2	a preemptive strike
2	preemptive strike
1	No amount of good acting is enough to save Oleander 's uninspired story .
1	No amount of good acting
2	No amount
3	of good acting
3	good acting
1	is enough to save Oleander 's uninspired story .
2	is enough to save Oleander 's uninspired story
2	enough to save Oleander 's uninspired story
2	to save Oleander 's uninspired story
1	save Oleander 's uninspired story
1	Oleander 's uninspired story
2	Oleander 's
1	uninspired story
0	A vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome . '
0	A vile , incoherent mess
0	vile , incoherent mess
0	vile , incoherent
1	, incoherent
0	... a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome . '
1	a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome . '
0	a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome .
0	a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome
0	a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg
1	a scummy ripoff
0	scummy ripoff
2	of David Cronenberg
2	David Cronenberg
3	's brilliant ` Videodrome
4	's brilliant `
3	's brilliant
1	Murphy and Wilson actually make a pretty good team ... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote .
2	Murphy and Wilson actually make a pretty good team ... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote
3	Murphy and Wilson actually make a pretty good team ...
3	Murphy and Wilson actually make a pretty good team
2	Murphy and Wilson
2	Murphy and
3	actually make a pretty good team
3	make a pretty good team
3	a pretty good team
3	pretty good team
3	pretty good
1	but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote
2	the project surrounding them is distressingly rote
2	the project surrounding them
2	the project
2	surrounding them
0	is distressingly rote
1	distressingly rote
2	Despite its raucous intent , XXX is as conventional as a Nike ad and as rebellious as spring break .
2	Despite its raucous intent
2	its raucous intent
2	raucous intent
3	, XXX is as conventional as a Nike ad and as rebellious as spring break .
2	XXX is as conventional as a Nike ad and as rebellious as spring break .
2	is as conventional as a Nike ad and as rebellious as spring break .
2	is as conventional as a Nike ad and as rebellious as spring break
2	is as conventional as a Nike ad and as rebellious
2	as conventional as a Nike ad and as rebellious
2	as conventional as a Nike ad and
1	as conventional as a Nike ad
1	conventional as a Nike ad
2	as a Nike ad
2	a Nike ad
2	Nike ad
1	as rebellious
2	as spring break
2	spring break
0	Think The Lion King redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by Bryan Adams , the world 's most generic rock star .
2	Think The Lion King redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by Bryan Adams , the world 's most generic rock star
1	The Lion King redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by Bryan Adams , the world 's most generic rock star
3	The Lion King
2	Lion King
1	redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by Bryan Adams , the world 's most generic rock star
0	redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs
2	for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs
2	horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs
2	horses ,
1	with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs
1	fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs
1	fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite
2	fewer deliberate laughs
3	deliberate laughs
1	, more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite
2	more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite
2	more inadvertent ones and
2	more inadvertent ones
1	inadvertent ones
1	stunningly trite
2	by Bryan Adams , the world 's most generic rock star
3	Bryan Adams , the world 's most generic rock star
2	Bryan Adams ,
2	Bryan Adams
1	the world 's most generic rock star
2	the world 's
2	world 's
2	most generic rock star
1	most generic
2	rock star
2	It is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by Southern blacks as distilled through a Caucasian perspective .
2	is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by Southern blacks as distilled through a Caucasian perspective .
1	is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by Southern blacks as distilled through a Caucasian perspective
1	one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by Southern blacks as distilled through a Caucasian perspective
2	one more celluloid testimonial
2	more celluloid testimonial
1	more celluloid
1	to the cruelties experienced by Southern blacks as distilled through a Caucasian perspective
2	the cruelties experienced by Southern blacks as distilled through a Caucasian perspective
2	the cruelties
1	experienced by Southern blacks as distilled through a Caucasian perspective
2	experienced by Southern blacks as distilled
1	by Southern blacks as distilled
2	Southern blacks as distilled
2	Southern blacks
2	as distilled
2	through a Caucasian perspective
2	a Caucasian perspective
2	Caucasian perspective
2	It 's tough being a black man in America , especially when the Man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance .
1	's tough being a black man in America , especially when the Man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance .
1	's tough being a black man in America , especially when the Man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance
2	's tough being a black man in America ,
2	's tough being a black man in America
2	's tough
2	being a black man in America
2	a black man in America
2	a black man
2	black man
2	in America
2	especially when the Man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance
2	especially when
1	the Man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance
2	the Man
1	has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance
1	has taken away your car , your work-hours and
1	has taken away your car , your work-hours
1	taken away your car , your work-hours
2	taken away
2	your car , your work-hours
2	your car ,
2	your car
2	your work-hours
2	denied you health insurance
2	you health insurance
2	health insurance
1	A small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours -LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB- .
1	A small fortune in salaries and stunt cars
2	A small fortune
2	small fortune
2	in salaries and stunt cars
2	salaries and stunt cars
2	and stunt cars
2	stunt cars
0	might have been saved if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours -LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB- .
1	might have been saved if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours -LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB-
1	have been saved if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours -LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB-
1	been saved if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours -LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB-
1	saved if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours -LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB-
1	if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours -LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB-
3	the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours -LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB-
2	the director , Tom Dey ,
2	the director , Tom Dey
2	the director ,
2	the director
2	Tom Dey
2	had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours -LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB-
1	spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours -LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB-
2	spliced together
2	bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours -LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB-
2	bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours
2	bits and pieces
2	bits and
2	of Midnight Run and 48 Hours
2	Midnight Run and 48 Hours
2	Midnight Run and
2	Midnight Run
2	48 Hours
2	-LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB-
2	and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB-
3	, for that matter , Shrek -RRB-
3	for that matter , Shrek -RRB-
2	for that matter
2	that matter
3	, Shrek -RRB-
2	Shrek -RRB-
0	An amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .
0	An amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise
1	amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise
1	amateurish , quasi-improvised
2	, quasi-improvised
2	acting exercise
0	shot on ugly digital video .
0	shot on ugly digital video
1	on ugly digital video
1	ugly digital video
2	digital video
1	The holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .
1	The holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot
1	The holes in this film remain agape --
1	The holes in this film remain agape
1	The holes in this film
2	The holes
2	in this film
2	this film
2	remain agape
1	holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot
1	punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot
2	punched through
1	by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot
1	an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot
0	inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot
1	inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry
1	, meandering , and sometimes dry
1	meandering , and sometimes dry
2	, and sometimes dry
1	and sometimes dry
1	sometimes dry
0	Would Benigni 's Italian Pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?
0	Would Benigni 's Italian Pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster
2	Would Benigni 's Italian Pinocchio
2	Benigni 's Italian Pinocchio
2	Benigni 's
3	Italian Pinocchio
1	have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster
1	been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster
1	any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster
2	easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster
0	to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster
0	sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster
2	sit through
0	than this hastily dubbed disaster
2	this hastily dubbed disaster
2	hastily dubbed disaster
1	hastily dubbed
2	Unofficially , National Lampoon 's Van Wilder is Son of Animal House .
2	, National Lampoon 's Van Wilder is Son of Animal House .
2	National Lampoon 's Van Wilder is Son of Animal House .
2	National Lampoon 's Van Wilder
2	National Lampoon 's
2	Lampoon 's
2	Van Wilder
2	is Son of Animal House .
2	is Son of Animal House
2	Son of Animal House
3	of Animal House
2	Animal House
1	Officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny .
1	, it is twice as bestial but half as funny .
2	it is twice as bestial but half as funny .
1	is twice as bestial but half as funny .
1	is twice as bestial but half as funny
1	twice as bestial but half as funny
2	twice as bestial but half
2	twice as bestial but
2	twice as bestial
1	as bestial
3	as funny
0	This is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
0	is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
2	is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie
1	is a fragmented film ,
1	is a fragmented film
1	a fragmented film
1	fragmented film
1	once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie
1	a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie
2	a good idea that was followed by the bad idea
3	a good idea
3	good idea
1	that was followed by the bad idea
1	was followed by the bad idea
1	followed by the bad idea
2	by the bad idea
2	the bad idea
0	bad idea
2	to turn it into a movie
2	turn it into a movie
2	turn it
2	into a movie
2	a movie
3	Mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest The Mummy Returns .
2	yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest The Mummy Returns .
2	yet impressively
2	lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest The Mummy Returns .
2	lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest The Mummy Returns
1	spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest The Mummy Returns
0	spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects
0	of last summer 's bloated effects
1	last summer 's bloated effects
2	last summer 's
2	summer 's
1	bloated effects
2	fest The Mummy Returns
2	The Mummy Returns
2	Mummy Returns
1	Halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles .
2	Halfway through the movie
2	through the movie
2	the movie
1	, the humor dwindles .
1	the humor dwindles .
2	the humor
1	dwindles .
1	It 's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have -LRB- and probably should have -RRB- been a lighthearted comedy .
1	's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have -LRB- and probably should have -RRB- been a lighthearted comedy .
2	's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have -LRB- and probably should have -RRB- been a lighthearted comedy
1	replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have -LRB- and probably should have -RRB- been a lighthearted comedy
1	by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have -LRB- and probably should have -RRB- been a lighthearted comedy
1	some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have -LRB- and probably should have -RRB- been a lighthearted comedy
2	some dramatic scenes
2	dramatic scenes
1	that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have -LRB- and probably should have -RRB- been a lighthearted comedy
1	are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have -LRB- and probably should have -RRB- been a lighthearted comedy
0	are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have -LRB- and probably should have -RRB-
1	are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have
2	are jarring and
2	are jarring
1	deeply out of place in what could have
1	deeply out of place
2	deeply out
2	of place
2	in what could have
1	what could have
2	could have
1	-LRB- and probably should have -RRB-
1	-LRB- and probably should have
2	-LRB- and
2	probably should have
2	should have
3	been a lighthearted comedy
3	a lighthearted comedy
3	lighthearted comedy
2	will be far more interesting to the Soderbergh faithful than it will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by Julia Roberts ...
2	will be far more interesting to the Soderbergh faithful than it will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by Julia Roberts
2	be far more interesting to the Soderbergh faithful than it will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by Julia Roberts
2	be far more interesting to the Soderbergh faithful
2	far more interesting to the Soderbergh faithful
3	far more interesting
3	more interesting
2	to the Soderbergh faithful
2	the Soderbergh faithful
3	Soderbergh faithful
2	than it will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by Julia Roberts
2	it will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by Julia Roberts
2	will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by Julia Roberts
2	be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by Julia Roberts
2	to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by Julia Roberts
3	the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by Julia Roberts
2	the casual moviegoer
3	casual moviegoer
2	who might be lured in by Julia Roberts
2	might be lured in by Julia Roberts
3	be lured in by Julia Roberts
3	lured in by Julia Roberts
2	in by Julia Roberts
3	by Julia Roberts
2	Julia Roberts
2	Authentic , and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
1	, and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
3	and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
3	and at times endearing
2	and at times
2	and at
1	, humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
3	humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
1	, spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
2	spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
1	, educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
1	educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
1	, but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
2	, but
1	at other times as bland as a block of snow .
1	at other times as bland as a block of snow
1	other times as bland as a block of snow
2	other times
2	as bland as a block of snow
1	bland as a block of snow
1	as a block of snow
2	a block of snow
2	a block
2	of snow
0	Control-Alt-Delete Simone as quickly as possible
0	Control-Alt-Delete Simone as quickly
1	Control-Alt-Delete Simone
2	as quickly
2	as possible
1	Follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .
2	Follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet
2	the original film virtually scene for scene and yet
2	the original film virtually scene for scene and
2	the original film virtually scene for scene
2	the original film
3	original film
2	virtually scene for scene
2	virtually scene
2	for scene
0	manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .
0	manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun
0	to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun
0	bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun
1	it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun
0	almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun
2	completely dry of humor , verve and fun
1	dry of humor , verve and fun
3	of humor , verve and fun
3	humor , verve and fun
3	, verve and fun
4	verve and fun
2	verve and
2	The filmmaker ascends , literally , to the Olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster .
1	The filmmaker ascends , literally , to the Olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster
2	The filmmaker ascends , literally , to the Olympus of the art world , but
4	The filmmaker ascends , literally , to the Olympus of the art world ,
4	The filmmaker ascends , literally , to the Olympus of the art world
2	The filmmaker
3	ascends , literally , to the Olympus of the art world
2	ascends , literally ,
2	ascends , literally
2	ascends ,
2	to the Olympus of the art world
3	the Olympus of the art world
2	the Olympus
2	of the art world
2	the art world
2	art world
1	he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster
0	would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster
2	have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster
0	done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster
3	done well
2	to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster
1	end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster
3	end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other
1	end this flawed , dazzling series
2	this flawed , dazzling series
2	flawed , dazzling series
2	flawed , dazzling
3	, dazzling
2	with the raising of something other
2	the raising of something other
2	the raising
2	of something other
2	something other
2	than his own cremaster
2	his own cremaster
3	own cremaster
2	The screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as Hip-Hop Scooby-Doo .
2	The screenplay
2	comes across , rather unintentionally , as Hip-Hop Scooby-Doo .
2	comes across , rather unintentionally , as Hip-Hop Scooby-Doo
1	comes across , rather unintentionally ,
2	comes across , rather unintentionally
2	comes across ,
2	comes across
2	rather unintentionally
2	as Hip-Hop Scooby-Doo
2	Hip-Hop Scooby-Doo
1	Has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...
2	lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...
1	lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies
3	some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies
3	of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies
3	the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies
2	the dramatic conviction
2	dramatic conviction
3	that underlies the best of comedies
2	underlies the best of comedies
3	the best of comedies
4	the best
2	of comedies
1	Vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much .
1	Vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much
2	Vaguely interesting ,
3	Vaguely interesting
1	but it 's just too too much
2	it 's just too too much
2	's just too too much
2	's just
2	too too much
1	too much
0	... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .
0	no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .
1	no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch
0	no charm , no laughs , no fun ,
0	no charm , no laughs , no fun
0	no charm , no laughs ,
0	no charm , no laughs
1	no charm ,
1	no charm
1	no laughs
1	no fun
0	no reason to watch
2	reason to watch
2	to watch
0	A generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .
2	A generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set
2	A generic family comedy
2	generic family comedy
3	family comedy
0	unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set
2	to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set
1	be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set
2	appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set
2	by anyone outside the under-10 set
2	anyone outside the under-10 set
1	outside the under-10 set
2	the under-10 set
1	under-10 set
0	Kung Pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .
0	Kung Pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party
1	Kung Pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk and
1	Kung Pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk
2	Kung Pow
1	seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk
1	like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk
0	some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk
1	some futile concoction
1	futile concoction
2	that was developed hastily after Oedekerk
1	was developed hastily after Oedekerk
2	developed hastily after Oedekerk
1	developed hastily
2	after Oedekerk
2	his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party
2	his fellow moviemakers
2	fellow moviemakers
2	got through crashing a college keg party
2	through crashing a college keg party
2	crashing a college keg party
1	a college keg party
1	college keg party
2	keg party
1	Kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
3	seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
1	seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business
1	intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business
1	intimidated by both her subject matter and
1	intimidated by both her subject matter
2	by both her subject matter
2	both her subject matter
3	her subject matter
2	subject matter
2	the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business
2	the period trappings of this debut venture
2	the period trappings
1	period trappings
2	of this debut venture
2	this debut venture
2	debut venture
2	into the heritage business
2	the heritage business
2	heritage business
2	The film virtually chokes on its own self-consciousness .
2	The film
1	virtually chokes on its own self-consciousness .
1	chokes on its own self-consciousness .
1	chokes on its own self-consciousness
2	on its own self-consciousness
2	its own self-consciousness
2	own self-consciousness
1	A manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .
1	A manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse
2	A manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly
1	manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly
1	feminist empowerment tale thinly
1	empowerment tale thinly
2	tale thinly
1	posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse
3	as a serious drama about spousal abuse
2	a serious drama about spousal abuse
3	a serious drama
2	serious drama
2	about spousal abuse
1	spousal abuse
3	Everything in Maid in Manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .
2	Everything in Maid in Manhattan
2	in Maid in Manhattan
2	Maid in Manhattan
2	in Manhattan
3	is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .
3	is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend
4	is exceedingly pleasant ,
4	is exceedingly pleasant
4	exceedingly pleasant
2	designed not to offend
2	not to offend
1	to offend
3	It goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .
2	goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .
2	goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste
2	goes down easy ,
1	goes down easy
2	goes down
2	leaving virtually no aftertaste
1	virtually no aftertaste
2	no aftertaste
0	A profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
1	A profoundly stupid affair
0	profoundly stupid affair
0	profoundly stupid
1	, populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
0	populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
0	populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who
0	its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who
1	its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers
1	its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline
1	hackneyed and meanspirited storyline
0	hackneyed and meanspirited
1	hackneyed and
1	with cardboard characters and performers
1	cardboard characters and performers
2	characters and performers
2	characters and
1	value cash above credibility .
2	value cash above credibility
2	cash above credibility
2	above credibility
0	... pays tribute to heroes the way Julia Roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .
2	pays tribute to heroes the way Julia Roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .
2	pays tribute to heroes the way Julia Roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
3	pays tribute
0	to heroes the way Julia Roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
1	heroes the way Julia Roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
2	heroes the way
2	the way
0	Julia Roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
2	Julia Roberts
1	hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
2	hands out awards --
2	hands out awards
2	out awards
0	with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
0	phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
0	phony humility
1	barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
1	camouflaging grotesque narcissism
0	grotesque narcissism
1	Time stands still in more ways that one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
1	stands still in more ways that one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
0	stands still in more ways that one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable
2	stands still
1	in more ways that one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable
1	more ways that one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable
3	more ways
1	that one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable
1	one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable
2	one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi
2	in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi
2	Clockstoppers , a sci-fi
2	Clockstoppers ,
2	a sci-fi
0	thriller as lazy as it is interminable
1	thriller as lazy
1	as lazy
1	as it is interminable
1	it is interminable
1	is interminable
0	As a director , Eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising .
1	As a director , Eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising
1	As a director , Eastwood is off his game --
1	As a director , Eastwood is off his game
2	As a director
2	a director
1	, Eastwood is off his game
1	Eastwood is off his game
1	is off his game
1	off his game
2	his game
0	there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising
0	there 's no real sense of suspense , and
1	there 's no real sense of suspense ,
1	there 's no real sense of suspense
1	's no real sense of suspense
1	no real sense of suspense
1	no real sense
2	real sense
2	of suspense
1	none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising
1	none of the plot ` surprises '
3	of the plot ` surprises '
3	the plot ` surprises '
3	the plot ` surprises
2	the plot `
2	the plot
3	are really surprising
2	really surprising
2	Eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , Caruso 's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable .
3	Eccentric enough to stave off doldrums
1	enough to stave off doldrums
1	to stave off doldrums
2	stave off doldrums
2	stave off
0	, Caruso 's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable .
0	Caruso 's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable .
2	Caruso 's self-conscious debut
2	Caruso 's
1	self-conscious debut
1	is also eminently forgettable .
2	is also eminently forgettable
2	is also
0	eminently forgettable
2	To work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer .
2	To work
2	, love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer .
2	love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer .
2	love stories
2	require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer .
3	require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer
3	the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer
3	the full emotional involvement and
2	the full emotional involvement
2	full emotional involvement
2	emotional involvement
2	support of a viewer
2	of a viewer
2	a viewer
2	That is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .
1	is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .
1	is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion
1	made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion
2	made almost impossible
1	almost impossible
2	by events that set the plot in motion
2	events that set the plot in motion
2	that set the plot in motion
2	set the plot in motion
2	set the plot
2	the plot
2	in motion
2	Although Barbershop boasts some of today 's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy , this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom .
2	Although Barbershop boasts some of today 's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy
4	Barbershop boasts some of today 's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy
3	boasts some of today 's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy
3	some of today 's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy
3	of today 's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy
3	today 's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy
3	today 's hottest and
3	today 's hottest
2	today 's
2	hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy
2	hippest acts
3	from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy
2	the world of television , music and stand-up comedy
2	the world
2	of television , music and stand-up comedy
2	television , music and stand-up comedy
2	television , music and
2	television , music
2	television ,
2	stand-up comedy
1	, this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom .
1	this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom .
2	this movie strangely enough
2	this movie
2	strangely enough
1	has the outdated swagger of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom .
0	has the outdated swagger of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom
1	the outdated swagger of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom
1	the outdated swagger
1	outdated swagger
1	of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom
0	a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom
1	shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom
2	` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom
2	70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom
1	blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom
2	shuck-and-jive sitcom
1	A puzzle whose pieces do not fit .
1	puzzle whose pieces do not fit .
1	puzzle whose pieces do not fit
1	whose pieces do not fit
2	whose pieces
1	do not fit
2	do not
2	Some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie .
3	Some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie
2	Some are fascinating and others are not , and
2	Some are fascinating and others are not ,
1	Some are fascinating and others are not
3	Some are fascinating and
3	Some are fascinating
3	are fascinating
2	others are not
2	are not
3	in the end , it is almost a good movie
2	in the end
2	the end
2	, it is almost a good movie
2	it is almost a good movie
2	is almost a good movie
2	almost a good movie
4	a good movie
3	good movie
1	Would that Greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility .
1	Would that Greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility
2	that Greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility
2	Greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility
1	had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility
2	gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility
1	gone a tad less for grit and a lot more
2	a tad less for grit and a lot more
2	a tad less for grit and
2	a tad less for grit
2	a tad less
2	a tad
2	for grit
3	a lot more
2	a lot
3	for intelligibility
2	The good is very , very good ... The rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful .
3	The good is very , very good ... The rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful
4	The good is very , very good ...
4	The good is very , very good
3	The good
4	is very , very good
4	very , very good
3	, very good
3	very good
0	The rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful
2	The rest
0	runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful
0	from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful
0	mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful
1	mildly unimpressive
0	to despairingly awful
0	despairingly awful
1	` Butterfingered ' is the word for the big-fisted direction of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
2	Butterfingered ' is the word for the big-fisted direction of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
2	' is the word for the big-fisted direction of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
1	is the word for the big-fisted direction of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
1	is the word for the big-fisted direction of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach
2	the word for the big-fisted direction of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach
2	the word
1	for the big-fisted direction of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach
1	the big-fisted direction of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach
2	the big-fisted direction
2	big-fisted direction
1	of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach
2	Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach
2	Jez Butterworth ,
2	Jez Butterworth
1	who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach
2	manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach
1	to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach
2	blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach
1	blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance
2	even the smallest sensitivities from the romance
2	even the smallest sensitivities
2	the smallest sensitivities
2	smallest sensitivities
2	from the romance
2	the romance
2	with his clamorous approach
1	his clamorous approach
2	clamorous approach
0	Be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
1	Be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film
1	forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film
2	forewarned ,
2	if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film
2	you 're depressed about anything before watching this film
2	're depressed about anything before watching this film
1	depressed about anything before watching this film
2	depressed about anything
2	about anything
2	before watching this film
2	watching this film
2	this film
0	, you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
0	you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
0	may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
0	may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards
2	may just
0	end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards
2	end up
0	trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards
0	to drown yourself in a lake afterwards
0	drown yourself in a lake afterwards
1	drown yourself in a lake
1	drown yourself
2	in a lake
2	a lake
0	a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .
0	a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome
0	a terrible adaptation
0	terrible adaptation
1	of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome
0	a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome
2	a play
1	that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome
2	only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome
2	ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome
1	walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome
1	the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome
2	the delicate tightrope
2	delicate tightrope
0	between farcical and loathsome
0	farcical and loathsome
2	farcical and
1	In the wrong hands , i.e. Peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
1	In the wrong hands
2	the wrong hands
1	wrong hands
0	, i.e. Peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
0	i.e. Peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
2	i.e. Peploe
0	's , it 's simply unbearable
2	's ,
0	it 's simply unbearable
0	's simply unbearable
2	's simply
1	An inexperienced director , Mehta has much to learn .
2	An inexperienced director , Mehta
1	An inexperienced director ,
2	An inexperienced director
2	inexperienced director
2	has much to learn .
1	has much to learn
2	has much
2	to learn
0	A limp Eddie Murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
1	A limp Eddie Murphy
1	limp Eddie Murphy
2	Eddie Murphy
3	vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
1	vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of
1	that even he seems embarrassed to be part of
2	that even
1	he seems embarrassed to be part of
1	seems embarrassed to be part of
1	embarrassed to be part of
2	to be part of
3	be part of
2	part of
0	So muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style .
1	So muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style
1	So muddled , repetitive and ragged
1	muddled , repetitive and ragged
1	, repetitive and ragged
1	repetitive and ragged
1	repetitive and
2	that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style
1	it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style
1	says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style
2	far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style
2	far less about the horrifying historical reality
2	less about the horrifying historical reality
2	about the horrifying historical reality
1	the horrifying historical reality
2	horrifying historical reality
2	historical reality
2	than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style
3	about the filmmaker 's characteristic style
3	the filmmaker 's characteristic style
2	the filmmaker 's
2	filmmaker 's
3	characteristic style
1	A gushy episode of `` M \* A \* S \* H '' only this time from an Asian perspective .
2	A gushy episode of `` M
2	A gushy episode
2	gushy episode
2	of `` M
2	of ``
2	\* A \* S \* H '' only this time from an Asian perspective .
2	\* A \* S \* H '' only this time from an Asian perspective
2	\* A \* S \* H '' only this time
2	\* A \* S \* H ''
2	A \* S \* H ''
2	\* S \* H ''
2	S \* H ''
2	\* H ''
2	H ''
2	only this time
2	this time
2	from an Asian perspective
2	an Asian perspective
2	Asian perspective
1	`` Looking For Leonard '' just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .
2	`` Looking For Leonard '' just seems to kinda
2	Looking For Leonard '' just seems to kinda
2	Looking For Leonard
3	For Leonard
2	'' just seems to kinda
2	just seems to kinda
2	seems to kinda
2	to kinda
2	sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .
2	sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something
1	sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it
2	sit in neutral ,
1	sit in neutral
2	in neutral
2	hoping for a stiff wind to blow it
1	hoping for a stiff wind
2	for a stiff wind
2	a stiff wind
2	stiff wind
1	to blow it
2	blow it
3	uphill or something
2	uphill or
1	Nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .
1	Nothing more than four or five mild chuckles
2	Nothing more than four or
2	Nothing more than four
3	more than four
2	than four
2	five mild chuckles
2	mild chuckles
0	surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .
1	surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy
0	by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy
2	86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy
2	86 minutes
0	of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy
1	overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy
0	and poorly-constructed comedy
1	poorly-constructed comedy
3	Definitely in the guilty pleasure B-movie category , Reign of Fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .
3	Definitely in the guilty pleasure B-movie category
2	in the guilty pleasure B-movie category
2	the guilty pleasure B-movie category
2	guilty pleasure B-movie category
2	pleasure B-movie category
1	B-movie category
2	, Reign of Fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .
3	Reign of Fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .
2	Reign of Fire
2	of Fire
2	is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .
2	is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable
1	is so incredibly inane
0	so incredibly inane
0	incredibly inane
3	that it is laughingly enjoyable
3	it is laughingly enjoyable
4	is laughingly enjoyable
1	is laughingly
1	Good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like Clueless Does South Fork .
2	Good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing
2	Good-looking but relentlessly
3	Good-looking but
2	lowbrow outing
1	plays like Clueless Does South Fork .
2	plays like Clueless Does South Fork
2	like Clueless Does South Fork
1	Clueless Does South Fork
2	Does South Fork
2	South Fork
1	entertaining enough , but nothing new
1	enough , but nothing new
2	enough , but
2	enough ,
0	nothing new
1	... one resurrection too many .
1	one resurrection too many .
2	resurrection too many .
2	resurrection too many
1	too many
1	This is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .
2	is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .
1	is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout
2	a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout
1	a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency
2	a film
2	about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency
1	the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency
2	the irksome , tiresome nature
1	irksome , tiresome nature
1	, tiresome nature
1	tiresome nature
3	of complacency
2	that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout
1	remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout
2	utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout
2	satisfied to remain the same throughout
2	to remain the same throughout
2	remain the same throughout
2	the same throughout
2	same throughout
1	Even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached .
2	Even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life
2	as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life
2	the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life
2	the hero of the story
2	the hero
2	of the story
2	the story
3	rediscovers his passion in life
2	rediscovers his passion
3	his passion
2	in life
2	, the mood remains oddly detached .
2	the mood remains oddly detached .
2	the mood
2	remains oddly detached .
1	remains oddly detached
1	oddly detached
2	DeMeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material .
3	DeMeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material
2	DeMeo is not without talent ;
3	DeMeo is not without talent
3	is not without talent
1	is not
2	without talent
1	he just needs better material
1	just needs better material
1	needs better material
2	better material
1	In spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .
3	In spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers
2	spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers
2	of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers
2	featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers
2	a script credited to no fewer than five writers
2	a script
2	credited to no fewer than five writers
2	to no fewer than five writers
2	no fewer than five writers
2	no fewer than five
2	fewer than five
2	than five
1	, apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .
1	apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .
3	nobody here bothered to check it twice .
2	here bothered to check it twice .
2	bothered to check it twice .
2	bothered to check it twice
2	to check it twice
2	check it twice
2	check it
0	No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson , seems entirely improvised .
1	No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson , seems entirely improvised
0	No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and
1	No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting ,
1	No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting
2	No one involved , save Dash ,
2	No one involved , save Dash
2	No one involved ,
2	No one involved
2	No one
2	save Dash
2	shows the slightest aptitude for acting
2	the slightest aptitude for acting
2	the slightest aptitude
2	slightest aptitude
2	for acting
1	the script , credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson , seems entirely improvised
2	the script , credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson ,
2	the script , credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson
2	the script ,
2	the script
3	credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson
2	to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson
2	director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson
2	director Abdul Malik Abbott and
2	director Abdul Malik Abbott
2	Abdul Malik Abbott
2	Malik Abbott
2	Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson
2	` Tron ' Anderson
2	Tron ' Anderson
2	' Anderson
2	seems entirely improvised
1	entirely improvised
3	Initially gripping , eventually cloying POW drama .
3	Initially gripping
2	, eventually cloying POW drama .
1	eventually cloying POW drama .
2	eventually cloying POW drama
2	cloying POW drama
2	POW drama
1	A timid , soggy near miss .
1	A timid , soggy near miss
2	A timid ,
2	A timid
2	soggy near miss
1	near miss
1	Works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever .
1	Works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever
2	Works better in the conception than it does in the execution ...
1	Works better in the conception than it does in the execution
2	better in the conception than it does in the execution
1	in the conception than it does in the execution
2	the conception than it does in the execution
2	the conception
2	than it does in the execution
2	it does in the execution
2	does in the execution
2	in the execution
1	the execution
2	winds up seeming just a little too clever
2	up seeming just a little too clever
2	seeming just a little too clever
2	just a little too clever
2	just a little
2	a little
3	too clever
1	To the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .
2	To the vast majority of more casual filmgoers
2	the vast majority of more casual filmgoers
2	the vast majority
2	vast majority
2	of more casual filmgoers
2	more casual filmgoers
3	casual filmgoers
1	, it will probably be a talky bore .
1	it will probably be a talky bore .
1	will probably be a talky bore .
1	will probably be a talky bore
3	will probably
1	be a talky bore
1	a talky bore
2	a talky
2	Observant intelligence constantly vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility -- throughout Maelstrom .
3	Observant intelligence
2	constantly vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility -- throughout Maelstrom .
1	vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility -- throughout Maelstrom .
2	vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility -- throughout Maelstrom
1	vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility --
1	with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility --
2	pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility --
2	-- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility --
2	and sometimes plain wacky implausibility --
2	sometimes plain wacky implausibility --
1	plain wacky implausibility --
1	plain wacky implausibility
1	wacky implausibility
2	throughout Maelstrom
2	This version of H.G. Wells ' Time Machine was directed by H.G. Wells ' great-grandson .
2	This version of H.G. Wells ' Time Machine
2	This version
2	of H.G. Wells ' Time Machine
2	H.G. Wells ' Time Machine
2	H.G. Wells '
2	Wells '
2	Time Machine
2	was directed by H.G. Wells ' great-grandson .
2	was directed by H.G. Wells ' great-grandson
2	directed by H.G. Wells ' great-grandson
2	by H.G. Wells ' great-grandson
2	H.G. Wells ' great-grandson
2	H.G. Wells '
2	Wells '
2	They should have found Orson Welles ' great-grandson .
2	should have found Orson Welles ' great-grandson .
2	should have found Orson Welles ' great-grandson
2	have found Orson Welles ' great-grandson
2	found Orson Welles ' great-grandson
2	Orson Welles ' great-grandson
2	Orson Welles '
2	Welles '
1	Shunji Iwai 's All About Lily Chou Chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in Japan .
2	Shunji Iwai 's All About Lily Chou Chou
2	Shunji Iwai 's
2	Iwai 's
2	All About Lily Chou Chou
2	All About Lily
2	All About
2	Chou Chou
3	is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in Japan .
2	is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in Japan
1	a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in Japan
2	a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film
2	beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film
2	beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed
3	beautifully shot , but
3	beautifully shot ,
4	beautifully shot
1	ultimately flawed
2	about growing up in Japan
2	growing up in Japan
2	growing up
2	in Japan
1	With more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie .
1	With more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie
2	With more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ;
2	With more character development this might have been an eerie thriller
2	With more character development
2	more character development
2	character development
1	this might have been an eerie thriller
2	might have been an eerie thriller
3	have been an eerie thriller
2	been an eerie thriller
3	an eerie thriller
3	eerie thriller
2	with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie
2	with better payoffs
2	better payoffs
1	, it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie
2	it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie
2	could have been a thinking man 's monster movie
2	have been a thinking man 's monster movie
2	been a thinking man 's monster movie
3	a thinking man 's monster movie
3	a thinking man 's
2	thinking man 's
2	man 's
2	monster movie
2	Thriller directorial debut for Traffic scribe Gaghan has all the right parts , but the pieces do n't quite fit together .
1	Thriller directorial debut for Traffic scribe Gaghan has all the right parts , but the pieces do n't quite fit together
3	Thriller directorial debut for Traffic scribe Gaghan has all the right parts , but
3	Thriller directorial debut for Traffic scribe Gaghan has all the right parts ,
4	Thriller directorial debut for Traffic scribe Gaghan has all the right parts
2	Thriller directorial debut for Traffic scribe Gaghan
2	Thriller directorial debut
2	directorial debut
2	for Traffic scribe Gaghan
3	Traffic scribe Gaghan
2	scribe Gaghan
3	has all the right parts
3	all the right parts
2	the right parts
2	right parts
1	the pieces do n't quite fit together
2	the pieces
1	do n't quite fit together
2	do n't quite
2	do n't
2	fit together
2	... would be a total loss if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movie 's edges .
2	would be a total loss if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movie 's edges .
2	would be a total loss if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movie 's edges
2	be a total loss if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movie 's edges
1	be a total loss
0	a total loss
1	total loss
2	if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movie 's edges
2	if not
2	for two supporting performances taking place at the movie 's edges
2	two supporting performances taking place at the movie 's edges
2	two supporting performances
2	supporting performances
2	taking place at the movie 's edges
3	taking place
2	at the movie 's edges
2	the movie 's edges
2	the movie 's
2	movie 's
0	There 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , Jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .
2	There 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , Jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects
1	There 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and
1	There 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment
1	's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment
2	's not
2	a single jump-in-your-seat moment
2	single jump-in-your-seat moment
3	jump-in-your-seat moment
1	believe it or not , Jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects
2	believe it or not
3	believe it or
3	believe it
2	, Jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects
2	Jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects
2	actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects
1	takes a backseat in his own film to special effects
2	takes a backseat in his own film
1	a backseat in his own film
2	a backseat
2	in his own film
2	his own film
2	own film
2	to special effects
2	special effects
3	Goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner Laurence Coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage .
3	Goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner Laurence Coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage
3	Goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but
3	Goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ...
3	Goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing
4	draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing
4	draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent
4	on an elegant visual sense and a talent
3	an elegant visual sense and a talent
3	an elegant visual sense and
4	an elegant visual sense
3	elegant visual sense
2	visual sense
3	a talent
3	for easy , seductive pacing
3	easy , seductive pacing
3	easy , seductive
2	, seductive
2	she and writing partner Laurence Coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage
2	she and writing partner Laurence Coriat
2	she and
2	writing partner Laurence Coriat
2	partner Laurence Coriat
2	Laurence Coriat
1	do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage
2	do n't
2	manage an equally assured narrative coinage
3	an equally assured narrative coinage
2	equally assured narrative coinage
3	equally assured
2	narrative coinage
1	Though Harris is affecting at times , he can not overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
2	Though Harris is affecting at times
3	Harris is affecting at times
2	is affecting at times
2	affecting at times
2	at times
1	, he can not overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
0	he can not overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
1	can not overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
1	can not overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities
2	can not
1	overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities
2	overcome the sense
2	the sense
2	that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities
1	Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities
1	is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities
1	a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities
1	a mere plot pawn
1	mere plot pawn
2	plot pawn
1	for two directors with far less endearing disabilities
1	two directors with far less endearing disabilities
2	two directors
2	with far less endearing disabilities
0	far less endearing disabilities
1	far less endearing
2	less endearing
0	The documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .
2	The documentary
1	is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .
1	is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice
1	much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice
1	too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice
1	conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice
1	conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. --
1	-- lots of boring talking heads , etc. --
1	lots of boring talking heads , etc. --
0	lots of boring talking heads , etc.
1	of boring talking heads , etc.
0	boring talking heads , etc.
1	boring talking heads ,
1	boring talking heads
2	talking heads
2	to do the subject matter justice
3	do the subject matter justice
2	the subject matter justice
2	subject matter justice
2	matter justice
1	The movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .
2	The movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits
2	The movie
2	itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits
2	appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits
3	to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits
2	be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits
2	running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits
2	running on hypertime in reverse
2	on hypertime in reverse
1	hypertime in reverse
3	in reverse
2	as the truly funny bits
3	the truly funny bits
3	truly funny bits
4	truly funny
2	get further and further apart .
2	get further and further apart
2	further and further apart
2	further and
2	further apart
1	This is not a Jackie Chan movie .
2	is not a Jackie Chan movie .
2	is not a Jackie Chan movie
1	is not
3	a Jackie Chan movie
2	Jackie Chan movie
2	Chan movie
1	It 's just a movie that happens to have Jackie Chan in it .
1	's just a movie that happens to have Jackie Chan in it .
2	's just a movie that happens to have Jackie Chan in it
2	's just
2	a movie that happens to have Jackie Chan in it
2	a movie
2	that happens to have Jackie Chan in it
2	happens to have Jackie Chan in it
2	to have Jackie Chan in it
2	have Jackie Chan in it
2	Jackie Chan in it
2	Jackie Chan
2	in it
3	And that makes all the difference .
3	that makes all the difference .
3	makes all the difference .
3	makes all the difference
2	all the difference
2	the difference
0	Far too clever by half , Howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
2	Far too clever by half
2	too clever by half
2	clever by half
2	by half
1	, Howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
2	Howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
2	Howard 's film
2	Howard 's
2	is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
2	is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another
2	is really a series of strung-together moments ,
2	is really a series of strung-together moments
2	is really
2	a series of strung-together moments
2	a series
1	of strung-together moments
1	strung-together moments
2	with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another
3	all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another
2	all the spaces in between
2	all the spaces
2	the spaces
2	in between
3	filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another
3	filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope
3	with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope
2	fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope
3	, daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope
4	daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope
3	, memories and one fantastic visual trope
3	memories and one fantastic visual trope
2	and one fantastic visual trope
4	one fantastic visual trope
3	fantastic visual trope
2	visual trope
2	after another
1	The problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .
1	The problem with movies about angels
2	The problem
2	with movies about angels
3	movies about angels
2	about angels
1	is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .
1	is they have a tendency to slip into hokum
1	they have a tendency to slip into hokum
1	have a tendency to slip into hokum
1	a tendency to slip into hokum
1	tendency to slip into hokum
2	to slip into hokum
1	slip into hokum
1	into hokum
0	A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
0	A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness
1	A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip --
2	A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip
2	A Rumor of Angels
2	A Rumor
2	of Angels
2	does n't just slip
2	does n't just
1	does n't
2	it avalanches into forced fuzziness
2	avalanches into forced fuzziness
3	into forced fuzziness
2	forced fuzziness
0	No big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .
1	No big whoop , nothing new to see ,
1	No big whoop , nothing new to see
1	No big whoop ,
1	No big whoop
2	big whoop
1	nothing new to see
2	new to see
2	to see
0	zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .
0	zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film
0	thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film
1	thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending
1	thrills , too many flashbacks and
1	thrills , too many flashbacks
3	thrills ,
1	too many flashbacks
2	many flashbacks
1	a choppy ending
1	choppy ending
1	make for a bad film
0	for a bad film
0	a bad film
0	bad film
1	I do n't think this movie loves women at all .
2	do n't think this movie loves women at all .
1	do n't think this movie loves women at all
2	do n't
1	think this movie loves women at all
3	this movie loves women at all
2	this movie
2	loves women at all
2	loves women
2	at all
0	Shankman ... and screenwriter Karen Janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of Bible parables and not an actual story .
2	Shankman ... and screenwriter Karen Janszen
2	Shankman ... and screenwriter
2	... and screenwriter
2	... and
2	Karen Janszen
0	bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of Bible parables and not an actual story .
0	bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of Bible parables and not an actual story
1	bungle their way through the narrative
1	bungle their way
2	their way
2	through the narrative
2	the narrative
2	as if it were a series of Bible parables and not an actual story
2	if it were a series of Bible parables and not an actual story
2	it were a series of Bible parables and not an actual story
1	were a series of Bible parables and not an actual story
2	a series of Bible parables and not an actual story
2	a series
1	of Bible parables and not an actual story
2	Bible parables and not an actual story
2	Bible parables and
2	Bible parables
2	not an actual story
3	an actual story
2	actual story
1	A negligible British comedy .
1	negligible British comedy .
3	British comedy .
2	comedy .
1	Fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .
0	Fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers
0	to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers
1	convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers
2	convince the audience
2	the audience
1	that these brats will ever be anything more than losers
1	these brats will ever be anything more than losers
2	these brats
1	will ever be anything more than losers
2	will ever
2	be anything more than losers
2	anything more than losers
2	anything more
1	than losers
0	Slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth .
0	Slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth
1	Slack and
0	uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth
0	, and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth
3	, and
0	peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth
2	peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic
2	peopled mainly
1	by characters so unsympathetic
1	characters so unsympathetic
1	so unsympathetic
2	that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth
1	you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth
0	're left with a sour taste in your mouth
1	left with a sour taste in your mouth
2	with a sour taste in your mouth
1	a sour taste in your mouth
1	a sour taste
1	sour taste
2	in your mouth
2	your mouth
0	Skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience .
0	Skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience
0	Skip this turd and
0	Skip this turd
0	this turd
0	pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience
0	pick your nose instead
2	pick your nose
3	your nose
1	because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience
2	you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience
2	're sure to get more out of the latter experience
2	sure to get more out of the latter experience
2	to get more out of the latter experience
3	get more out of the latter experience
2	get more out
2	more out
2	of the latter experience
2	the latter experience
2	latter experience
2	What can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ?
2	can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ?
2	can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log
2	can one
1	say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log
2	about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log
1	a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log
2	a balding 50-year-old actor
1	balding 50-year-old actor
2	50-year-old actor
2	playing an innocent boy carved from a log
2	an innocent boy carved from a log
2	an innocent boy
2	innocent boy
2	carved from a log
2	from a log
2	a log
1	Trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` Gadzooks ! ''
1	Trailer trash cinema
1	trash cinema
0	so uncool the only thing missing is the `` Gadzooks ! ''
1	uncool the only thing missing is the `` Gadzooks ! ''
1	uncool the only thing missing is the `` Gadzooks !
1	uncool the only thing missing is the `` Gadzooks
2	the only thing missing is the `` Gadzooks
2	the only thing missing
3	only thing missing
2	thing missing
2	is the `` Gadzooks
2	the `` Gadzooks
2	`` Gadzooks
1	Her film is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless .
3	Her film
1	is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless .
1	is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless
0	like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless
1	a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless
2	a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up
3	a beautiful food entrée
3	beautiful food entrée
2	food entrée
1	that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up
1	is n't heated properly , so that it ends up
1	is n't heated properly ,
2	is n't heated properly
1	is n't heated
1	is n't
2	so that it ends up
2	that it ends up
2	it ends up
2	ends up
1	a bit cold and relatively flavorless
1	a bit cold and
2	a bit cold
2	a bit
0	relatively flavorless
1	Like the world of his film , Hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
2	Like the world of his film
2	the world of his film
2	the world
2	of his film
2	his film
1	, Hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
1	Hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
1	created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
1	created a monster but did n't know how to handle it
2	created a monster but
1	created a monster
1	a monster
2	did n't know how to handle it
2	did n't
2	know how to handle it
2	how to handle it
2	to handle it
2	handle it
1	No new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through .
2	No new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through
2	No new plot conceptions or environmental changes ,
1	No new plot conceptions or environmental changes
1	No new plot conceptions or
1	No new plot conceptions
2	new plot conceptions
2	plot conceptions
2	environmental changes
1	just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through
2	just different bodies for sharp objects
2	just different bodies
2	different bodies
2	for sharp objects
3	sharp objects
2	to rip through
2	rip through
1	Needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism .
1	Needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism
1	Needs more impressionistic
2	more impressionistic
2	cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism
3	cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and
3	cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots
3	cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and
3	cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots
3	cinematography and exhilarating
2	cinematography and
2	point-of-view shots
2	fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots
2	slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots
3	` grandeur ' shots
3	grandeur ' shots
2	' shots
1	quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism
1	quick-cut edits
2	that often detract from the athleticism
2	often detract from the athleticism
1	detract from the athleticism
2	from the athleticism
2	the athleticism
0	In the end , there is n't much to it .
2	In the end
2	the end
1	, there is n't much to it .
1	there is n't much to it .
1	is n't much to it .
1	is n't much to it
1	is n't
3	much to it
2	to it
1	A waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .
2	A waste of fearless purity in the acting craft
1	A waste of fearless purity
0	A waste
2	of fearless purity
3	fearless purity
2	in the acting craft
2	the acting craft
2	acting craft
1	The film is ultimately about as inspiring as a Hallmark card .
2	The film
0	is ultimately about as inspiring as a Hallmark card .
1	is ultimately about as inspiring as a Hallmark card
2	is ultimately about as inspiring
3	is ultimately
1	about as inspiring
3	as inspiring
2	as a Hallmark card
2	a Hallmark card
2	Hallmark card
1	Anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .
1	Anyone not into high-tech splatterfests
1	not into high-tech splatterfests
2	into high-tech splatterfests
2	high-tech splatterfests
1	is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .
1	is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly
1	advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly
2	to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly
1	take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly
2	take the warning literally , and
2	take the warning literally ,
1	take the warning literally
2	take the warning
2	the warning
2	log on to something more user-friendly
2	on to something more user-friendly
2	to something more user-friendly
1	something more user-friendly
2	more user-friendly
1	Disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .
2	Disreputable doings and exquisite trappings
2	Disreputable doings and
2	Disreputable doings
3	exquisite trappings
2	are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .
1	are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances
1	dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances
1	by a lackluster script and substandard performances
0	a lackluster script and substandard performances
2	a lackluster script and
1	a lackluster script
1	lackluster script
1	substandard performances
0	You could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .
0	could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .
1	could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time
2	could easily
1	mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time
2	mistake it
0	for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time
1	a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time
1	a sketchy work-in-progress
2	sketchy work-in-progress
1	that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time
1	was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time
2	was inexplicably
2	rushed to the megaplexes before its time
1	rushed to the megaplexes
2	to the megaplexes
2	the megaplexes
2	before its time
2	its time
2	Directors Harry Gantz and Joe Gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter , but the couples exposing themselves are n't all that interesting .
1	Directors Harry Gantz and Joe Gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter , but the couples exposing themselves are n't all that interesting
2	Directors Harry Gantz and Joe Gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter , but
3	Directors Harry Gantz and Joe Gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter ,
2	Directors Harry Gantz and Joe Gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter
2	Directors Harry Gantz and Joe Gantz
2	Harry Gantz and Joe Gantz
2	Gantz and Joe Gantz
2	and Joe Gantz
2	Joe Gantz
4	have chosen a fascinating subject matter
3	chosen a fascinating subject matter
4	a fascinating subject matter
4	fascinating subject matter
3	fascinating subject
1	the couples exposing themselves are n't all that interesting
2	the couples
2	exposing themselves are n't all that interesting
1	themselves are n't all that interesting
1	are n't all that interesting
1	are n't
2	all that interesting
2	all that
1	Yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-Brits genre that was ushered in by The Full Monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit .
2	another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-Brits genre that was ushered in by The Full Monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit .
2	another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-Brits genre that was ushered in by The Full Monty and is still straining to produce another smash
2	another entry
2	in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-Brits genre that was ushered in by The Full Monty and is still straining to produce another smash
1	the sentimental oh-those-wacky-Brits genre that was ushered in by The Full Monty and is still straining to produce another smash
3	the sentimental oh-those-wacky-Brits genre
2	sentimental oh-those-wacky-Brits genre
2	sentimental oh-those-wacky-Brits
1	that was ushered in by The Full Monty and is still straining to produce another smash
1	was ushered in by The Full Monty and is still straining to produce another smash
2	was ushered in by The Full Monty and
2	was ushered in by The Full Monty
2	ushered in by The Full Monty
2	in by The Full Monty
3	by The Full Monty
2	The Full Monty
2	Full Monty
2	is still straining to produce another smash
2	is still
1	straining to produce another smash
3	to produce another smash
3	produce another smash
4	another smash
3	hit .
0	for those for whom the name Woody Allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , Hollywood Ending is a depressing experience
2	for those for whom the name Woody Allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile
2	those for whom the name Woody Allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile
2	for whom the name Woody Allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile
3	whom the name Woody Allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile
2	whom the name
3	whom the
2	Woody Allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile
2	Woody Allen
2	was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile
2	was once a guarantee of something
2	once a guarantee of something
2	once a guarantee
3	a guarantee
2	of something
4	fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile
3	fresh , sometimes funny , and
3	fresh , sometimes funny ,
3	fresh , sometimes funny
4	fresh ,
3	sometimes funny
3	usually genuinely worthwhile
3	genuinely worthwhile
0	, Hollywood Ending is a depressing experience
1	Hollywood Ending is a depressing experience
2	Hollywood Ending
1	is a depressing experience
1	a depressing experience
2	depressing experience
1	Femme Fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .
2	Femme Fatale
1	offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .
0	offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience
1	offers nothing
2	more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience
3	more than a bait-and-switch
3	more than a
2	than a
1	that is beyond playing fair with the audience
1	is beyond playing fair with the audience
2	beyond playing fair with the audience
2	playing fair with the audience
2	playing fair
2	with the audience
2	the audience
1	Are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue ?
1	Are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue
2	Are we
1	dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue
2	dealing with dreams , visions or
2	dealing with dreams , visions
2	with dreams , visions
2	dreams , visions
3	dreams ,
2	being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue
1	told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue
2	what actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue
3	actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue
2	happened as if it were the third ending of Clue
2	as if it were the third ending of Clue
2	if it were the third ending of Clue
2	it were the third ending of Clue
2	were the third ending of Clue
2	the third ending of Clue
2	the third ending
2	third ending
2	of Clue
0	It could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director Clare Peploe 's misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress .
1	It could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director Clare Peploe 's misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
2	It could have been something special , but
2	It could have been something special ,
1	It could have been something special
2	could have been something special
2	have been something special
2	been something special
4	something special
1	two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director Clare Peploe 's misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
2	two things
0	drag it down to mediocrity -- director Clare Peploe 's misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
0	drag it down to mediocrity --
0	drag it down to mediocrity
2	drag it
1	down to mediocrity
1	to mediocrity
2	director Clare Peploe 's misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
2	director Clare Peploe 's
2	Clare Peploe 's
2	Peploe 's
1	misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
1	of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
1	Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
2	Marivaux 's rhythms , and
2	Marivaux 's rhythms ,
2	Marivaux 's rhythms
2	Marivaux 's
1	Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
1	Mira Sorvino 's limitations
2	Mira Sorvino 's
2	Sorvino 's
2	as a classical actress
3	a classical actress
3	classical actress
1	Fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .
1	Fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references
1	Fluffy neo-noir
1	hiding behind cutesy film references
3	behind cutesy film references
2	cutesy film references
2	film references
1	Imagine Susan Sontag falling in love with Howard Stern .
2	Imagine Susan Sontag falling in love with Howard Stern
2	Susan Sontag falling in love with Howard Stern
2	Susan Sontag
2	falling in love with Howard Stern
3	falling in love
2	in love
2	with Howard Stern
2	Howard Stern
2	Like being trapped inside a huge video game , where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again .
2	Like being trapped inside a huge video game
2	being trapped inside a huge video game
1	trapped inside a huge video game
2	inside a huge video game
2	a huge video game
2	huge video game
2	video game
1	, where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again .
2	where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again .
2	where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again
2	where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and
2	where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head
3	where exciting
1	, inane images keep popping past your head
1	inane images keep popping past your head
2	inane images
2	keep popping past your head
2	popping past your head
3	past your head
2	your head
1	the same illogical things keep happening over and over again
1	the same illogical things
1	same illogical things
2	illogical things
2	keep happening over and over again
2	happening over and over again
2	happening over and over
2	over and over
2	over and
1	Should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .
2	have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .
1	have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor
3	have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but
3	have been worth cheering as a breakthrough
3	been worth cheering as a breakthrough
3	worth cheering as a breakthrough
2	cheering as a breakthrough
2	as a breakthrough
3	a breakthrough
1	is devoid of wit and humor
0	devoid of wit and humor
2	of wit and humor
3	wit and humor
2	wit and
3	The best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .
2	The best thing about the movie
3	The best thing
4	best thing
2	about the movie
2	the movie
3	is its personable , amusing cast .
3	is its personable , amusing cast
4	its personable , amusing cast
3	personable , amusing cast
3	personable , amusing
3	, amusing
1	These guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .
2	These guys
1	seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .
1	seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers
1	great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers
1	to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers
0	knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers
2	knock back
1	a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers
2	a beer
1	with but they 're simply not funny performers
1	but they 're simply not funny performers
2	they 're simply not funny performers
1	're simply not funny performers
0	simply not funny performers
1	not funny performers
3	funny performers
0	Everything was as superficial as the forced New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma had .
2	was as superficial as the forced New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma had .
1	was as superficial as the forced New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma had
1	was as superficial
2	as superficial
2	as the forced New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma had
1	the forced New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma had
1	the forced New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma
2	forced New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma
2	New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma
1	Jersey lowbrow accent Uma
2	lowbrow accent Uma
2	accent Uma
1	Director David Fincher and writer David Koepp ca n't sustain it .
2	Director David Fincher and writer David Koepp
2	David Fincher and writer David Koepp
2	Fincher and writer David Koepp
2	and writer David Koepp
2	writer David Koepp
2	David Koepp
1	ca n't sustain it .
2	ca n't sustain it
2	ca n't
2	sustain it
2	Finally coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , Waking Up in Reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie .
1	coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , Waking Up in Reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie .
1	coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , Waking Up in Reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie
1	coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , Waking Up in Reno makes
1	coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , Waking Up in Reno
1	coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts ,
2	coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts
2	coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves
2	coming down off
2	down off
2	of Miramax 's deep shelves
2	Miramax 's deep shelves
2	Miramax 's
2	deep shelves
1	after a couple of aborted attempts
1	a couple of aborted attempts
2	a couple
1	of aborted attempts
1	aborted attempts
2	Waking Up in Reno
2	Waking Up
2	in Reno
1	a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie
3	a strong case
3	strong case
2	for letting sleeping dogs lie
2	letting sleeping dogs lie
2	sleeping dogs lie
2	sleeping dogs
2	A movie that feels like the pilot episode of a new teen-targeted action TV series .
2	A movie that feels
2	A movie
2	that feels
2	like the pilot episode of a new teen-targeted action TV series .
2	like the pilot episode of a new teen-targeted action TV series
2	the pilot episode of a new teen-targeted action TV series
2	the pilot episode
3	pilot episode
3	of a new teen-targeted action TV series
2	a new teen-targeted action TV series
2	new teen-targeted action TV series
3	teen-targeted action TV series
2	action TV series
2	TV series
0	One of the most highly-praised disappointments I 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .
2	One of the most highly-praised disappointments I
0	of the most highly-praised disappointments I
1	the most highly-praised disappointments I
2	most highly-praised disappointments I
1	highly-praised disappointments I
1	disappointments I
1	've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .
1	've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time
1	had the misfortune to watch in quite some time
2	had the misfortune
2	the misfortune
2	to watch in quite some time
2	watch in quite some time
2	in quite some time
2	quite some time
2	some time
2	The animation and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet Return to Neverland never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief .
3	The animation and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet Return to Neverland never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief
3	The animation and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet
4	The animation and backdrops are lush and inventive ,
4	The animation and backdrops are lush and inventive
2	The animation and backdrops
2	The animation and
2	The animation
4	are lush and inventive
4	lush and inventive
2	lush and
1	Return to Neverland never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief
2	Return to Neverland
2	to Neverland
1	never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief
4	manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief
3	to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief
3	take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief
3	take us to that elusive , lovely place
2	take us
3	to that elusive , lovely place
3	that elusive , lovely place
3	elusive , lovely place
3	elusive , lovely
3	, lovely
2	where we suspend our disbelief
2	we suspend our disbelief
2	suspend our disbelief
2	our disbelief
1	Director Shekhar Kapur and screenwriters Michael Schiffer and Hossein Amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .
1	Director Shekhar Kapur and screenwriters Michael Schiffer and Hossein Amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great
2	Director Shekhar Kapur and screenwriters Michael Schiffer and Hossein Amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but
3	Director Shekhar Kapur and screenwriters Michael Schiffer and Hossein Amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things ,
2	Director Shekhar Kapur and screenwriters Michael Schiffer and Hossein Amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things
2	Director Shekhar Kapur and screenwriters Michael Schiffer and Hossein Amini
2	Shekhar Kapur and screenwriters Michael Schiffer and Hossein Amini
2	Kapur and screenwriters Michael Schiffer and Hossein Amini
2	and screenwriters Michael Schiffer and Hossein Amini
2	screenwriters Michael Schiffer and Hossein Amini
2	Michael Schiffer and Hossein Amini
2	Schiffer and Hossein Amini
2	and Hossein Amini
2	Hossein Amini
2	have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things
2	tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things
3	tried hard
2	to modernize and reconceptualize things
2	modernize and reconceptualize things
2	modernize and reconceptualize
2	modernize and
1	the barriers finally prove to be too great
2	the barriers
2	finally prove to be too great
2	prove to be too great
3	to be too great
2	be too great
3	too great
0	Strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , The Four Feathers comes up short .
1	Strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , The Four Feathers comes up short
2	Strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and
2	Strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose ,
3	Strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose
4	Strong filmmaking
2	requires a clear sense of purpose
3	a clear sense of purpose
2	a clear sense
3	clear sense
4	of purpose
1	in that oh-so-important category , The Four Feathers comes up short
2	in that oh-so-important category
2	that oh-so-important category
2	oh-so-important category
1	, The Four Feathers comes up short
1	The Four Feathers comes up short
2	The Four Feathers
2	Four Feathers
2	comes up short
2	up short
0	The thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes -LRB- of which they 'll get plenty -RRB- fills me with revulsion .
1	The thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes -LRB- of which they 'll get plenty -RRB-
0	The thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes
2	The thought
1	of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes
1	watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes
2	watching this film
2	this film
2	with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes
1	an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes
2	an audience
1	full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes
2	of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes
1	teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes
1	fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes
2	on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes
1	its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes
3	its body humour and reinforcement
3	body humour and reinforcement
2	humour and reinforcement
3	humour and
2	of stereotypes
2	-LRB- of which they 'll get plenty -RRB-
2	of which they 'll get plenty -RRB-
2	of which they 'll get plenty
2	of which
2	they 'll get plenty
2	'll get plenty
2	get plenty
0	fills me with revulsion .
1	fills me with revulsion
2	fills me
1	with revulsion
1	Devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered CGI effects .
1	Devolves into the derivative
2	into the derivative
2	the derivative
1	, leaning on badly-rendered CGI effects .
2	leaning on badly-rendered CGI effects .
1	leaning on badly-rendered CGI effects
1	on badly-rendered CGI effects
1	badly-rendered CGI effects
3	CGI effects
2	Anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes will find plenty to shake and shiver about in ` The Ring . '
1	Anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes
1	who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes
1	gets chills from movies with giant plot holes
3	gets chills
1	from movies with giant plot holes
0	movies with giant plot holes
1	with giant plot holes
1	giant plot holes
1	plot holes
2	will find plenty to shake and shiver about in ` The Ring . '
3	will find plenty to shake and shiver about in ` The Ring .
3	will find plenty to shake and shiver about in ` The Ring
2	find plenty to shake and shiver about in ` The Ring
2	find plenty
3	to shake and shiver about in ` The Ring
2	shake and shiver about in ` The Ring
2	shake and shiver
2	shake and
2	about in ` The Ring
2	in ` The Ring
2	in `
2	The Ring
0	A grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather .
0	A grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather
1	A grand fart
1	grand fart
1	coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather
1	from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather
1	a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather
2	a director
1	beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather
2	to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather
2	resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather
2	someone 's crazy French grandfather
2	someone 's
2	crazy French grandfather
2	French grandfather
1	The script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .
2	The script
0	is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .
0	is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters
0	is a disaster ,
1	is a disaster
0	a disaster
1	with cloying messages and irksome characters
1	cloying messages and irksome characters
2	cloying messages and
1	cloying messages
1	irksome characters
2	both overstuffed and undernourished ... The film ca n't be called a solid success , although there 's plenty of evidence here to indicate Clooney might have better luck next time .
0	both overstuffed and undernourished ... The film ca n't be called a solid success , although there 's plenty of evidence here to indicate Clooney might have better luck next time
0	both overstuffed and undernourished ...
1	both overstuffed and undernourished
1	overstuffed and undernourished
1	overstuffed and
1	The film ca n't be called a solid success , although there 's plenty of evidence here to indicate Clooney might have better luck next time
2	The film
2	ca n't be called a solid success , although there 's plenty of evidence here to indicate Clooney might have better luck next time
2	ca n't
3	be called a solid success , although there 's plenty of evidence here to indicate Clooney might have better luck next time
2	called a solid success , although there 's plenty of evidence here to indicate Clooney might have better luck next time
4	called a solid success ,
3	called a solid success
4	a solid success
4	solid success
2	although there 's plenty of evidence here to indicate Clooney might have better luck next time
2	there 's plenty of evidence here to indicate Clooney might have better luck next time
1	's plenty of evidence here to indicate Clooney might have better luck next time
2	's plenty of evidence here
3	's plenty of evidence
2	plenty of evidence
2	of evidence
1	to indicate Clooney might have better luck next time
2	indicate Clooney might have better luck next time
1	Clooney might have better luck next time
2	might have better luck next time
1	have better luck next time
2	have better luck
1	better luck
2	next time
2	Plods along , minus the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals that have made Miike ... a cult hero .
2	Plods along
2	, minus the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals that have made Miike ... a cult hero .
2	minus the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals that have made Miike ... a cult hero .
2	minus the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals that have made
3	minus the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals
3	the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals
3	twisted humor and eye-popping visuals
3	humor and eye-popping visuals
4	humor and eye-popping
3	humor and
2	that have made
2	have made
3	Miike ... a cult hero .
2	Miike ... a cult hero
2	Miike ...
2	a cult hero
2	cult hero
1	Hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight to Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .
1	has taken quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight to Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .
0	has taken quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight to Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff
0	taken quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight to Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff
1	taken quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight
2	quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight
0	quite a nosedive
2	a nosedive
2	from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight
3	Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight
3	Alfred Hitchcock 's
3	Hitchcock 's
3	imaginative flight
1	to Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff
2	Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff
2	Shyamalan 's
1	self-important summer fluff
1	summer fluff
1	The film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking .
2	The film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams
2	The film 's maudlin focus
2	The film 's
2	film 's
1	maudlin focus
1	on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams
1	the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams
2	the young woman 's infirmity and
2	the young woman 's infirmity
2	the young woman 's
2	young woman 's
2	woman 's
2	her naive dreams
1	naive dreams
0	play like the worst kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking .
0	play like the worst kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking
1	like the worst kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking
1	the worst kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking
2	the worst kind
0	worst kind
1	of Hollywood heart-string plucking
2	Hollywood heart-string plucking
3	heart-string plucking
3	I firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon .
3	firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon .
2	believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon .
2	believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon
3	that a good video game movie is going to show up soon
2	a good video game movie is going to show up soon
4	a good video game movie
3	good video game movie
2	video game movie
2	game movie
2	is going to show up soon
2	going to show up soon
2	to show up soon
2	show up soon
2	show up
1	I also believe that Resident Evil is not it .
2	also believe that Resident Evil is not it .
1	believe that Resident Evil is not it .
1	believe that Resident Evil is not it
1	that Resident Evil is not it
1	Resident Evil is not it
3	Resident Evil
1	is not it
1	is not
1	It has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .
1	has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .
1	has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition
2	has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and
2	has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent
2	the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent
2	the air
3	of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent
2	a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent
1	a surprisingly juvenile lark ,
2	a surprisingly juvenile lark
2	surprisingly juvenile lark
1	surprisingly juvenile
3	a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent
2	a pop-influenced prank
2	pop-influenced prank
4	whose charms are immediately apparent
3	charms are immediately apparent
2	are immediately apparent
2	immediately apparent
1	wear thin with repetition
2	thin with repetition
2	with repetition
2	The plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back .
2	The plot
1	meanders from gripping to plodding and back .
1	meanders from gripping to plodding and back
2	from gripping to plodding and back
2	gripping to plodding and back
1	to plodding and back
2	plodding and back
1	plodding and
1	This is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .
0	is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .
1	is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy
0	cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy
1	cruel , misanthropic stuff
2	, misanthropic stuff
1	misanthropic stuff
1	with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy
1	only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy
2	only weak claims
1	weak claims
3	to surrealism and black comedy
2	surrealism and black comedy
2	and black comedy
2	black comedy
0	No amount of nostalgia for Carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .
1	No amount of nostalgia for Carvey 's glory days
2	No amount
2	of nostalgia for Carvey 's glory days
2	nostalgia for Carvey 's glory days
2	for Carvey 's glory days
3	Carvey 's glory days
2	Carvey 's
3	glory days
1	can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .
1	can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it
0	disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it
1	disguise the fact
2	the fact
0	that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it
1	that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and
1	that the new film is a lame kiddie flick
1	the new film is a lame kiddie flick
2	the new film
2	new film
1	is a lame kiddie flick
0	a lame kiddie flick
0	lame kiddie flick
2	kiddie flick
2	that Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it
1	Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it
3	Carvey 's considerable talents
2	Carvey 's
4	considerable talents
1	are wasted in it
1	wasted in it
2	in it
2	Best described as I Know What You Did Last Winter .
2	described as I Know What You Did Last Winter .
2	described as I Know What You Did Last Winter
3	as I Know What You Did Last Winter
2	I Know What You Did Last Winter
2	Know What You Did Last Winter
2	What You Did Last Winter
2	You Did Last Winter
2	Did Last Winter
2	Last Winter
2	-LRB- Taylor -RRB- takes us on a ride that 's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb .
2	-LRB- Taylor -RRB-
2	Taylor -RRB-
2	takes us on a ride that 's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb .
2	takes us on a ride that 's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb
2	takes us
3	on a ride that 's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb
3	a ride that 's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb
2	a ride
1	that 's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb
2	's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb
3	's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but ,
3	's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but
3	's consistently surprising , easy
3	consistently surprising , easy
3	consistently surprising ,
3	consistently surprising
2	to watch -- but
2	watch -- but
2	watch --
2	oh , so dumb
0	, so dumb
0	so dumb
2	It 's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in Invincible and overlook its drawbacks .
2	's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in Invincible and overlook its drawbacks .
3	's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in Invincible and overlook its drawbacks
2	's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work
2	difficult for a longtime admirer of his work
3	for a longtime admirer of his work
3	a longtime admirer of his work
3	a longtime admirer
3	longtime admirer
2	of his work
2	his work
2	to not be swept up in Invincible and overlook its drawbacks
2	not be swept up in Invincible and overlook its drawbacks
3	be swept up in Invincible and overlook its drawbacks
2	be swept up in Invincible and
4	be swept up in Invincible
3	swept up in Invincible
2	swept up
2	in Invincible
2	overlook its drawbacks
1	its drawbacks
1	Lazily directed by Charles Stone III ... from a leaden script by Matthew Cirulnick and novelist Thulani Davis .
2	directed by Charles Stone III ... from a leaden script by Matthew Cirulnick and novelist Thulani Davis .
2	directed by Charles Stone III ... from a leaden script by Matthew Cirulnick and novelist Thulani Davis
2	directed by Charles Stone III ... from a leaden script
2	directed by Charles Stone III ...
2	directed by Charles Stone III
2	by Charles Stone III
2	Charles Stone III
2	Stone III
2	from a leaden script
2	a leaden script
1	leaden script
2	by Matthew Cirulnick and novelist Thulani Davis
2	Matthew Cirulnick and novelist Thulani Davis
2	Matthew Cirulnick and
2	Matthew Cirulnick
2	novelist Thulani Davis
2	Thulani Davis
1	Though Jones and Snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché .
3	Though Jones and Snipes are enthralling
3	Jones and Snipes are enthralling
2	Jones and Snipes
2	Jones and
3	are enthralling
0	, the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché .
1	the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché .
2	the movie
1	bogs down in rhetoric and cliché .
1	bogs down in rhetoric and cliché
2	bogs down
1	in rhetoric and cliché
1	rhetoric and cliché
2	rhetoric and
2	The most remarkable -LRB- and frustrating -RRB- thing about World Traveler , which opens today in Manhattan , is that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank .
2	The most remarkable -LRB- and frustrating -RRB- thing about World Traveler , which opens today in Manhattan ,
1	The most remarkable -LRB- and frustrating -RRB- thing about World Traveler , which opens today in Manhattan
1	The most remarkable -LRB- and frustrating -RRB- thing about World Traveler ,
2	The most remarkable -LRB- and frustrating -RRB- thing about World Traveler
1	The most remarkable -LRB- and frustrating -RRB- thing
2	most remarkable -LRB- and frustrating -RRB- thing
4	most remarkable
2	-LRB- and frustrating -RRB- thing
2	-LRB- and frustrating -RRB-
1	-LRB- and frustrating
2	-LRB- and
2	about World Traveler
2	World Traveler
2	which opens today in Manhattan
2	opens today in Manhattan
2	today in Manhattan
2	in Manhattan
1	is that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank .
0	is that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank
0	that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank
1	its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank
2	its protagonist
1	, after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank
1	after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank
2	after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes
2	being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes
2	an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes
2	an object
1	of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes
1	intense scrutiny for 104 minutes
2	intense scrutiny
2	for 104 minutes
2	104 minutes
3	, remains a complete blank
1	remains a complete blank
2	a complete blank
1	complete blank
0	An artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .
1	An artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art
2	An artsploitation movie
2	artsploitation movie
1	with too much exploitation and too little art
1	too much exploitation and too little art
1	too much exploitation and too little
0	too much exploitation and
1	too much exploitation
2	much exploitation
1	too little
0	The pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .
1	The pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs
1	The pacing is often way off and
1	The pacing is often way off
2	The pacing
1	is often way off
2	is often
1	way off
1	there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs
1	are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs
2	are too
0	many bona fide groaners among too few laughs
1	many bona fide groaners
1	bona fide groaners
3	bona fide
2	among too few laughs
1	too few laughs
2	few laughs
2	With lines that feel like long soliloquies -- even as they are being framed in conversation -- Max is static , stilted .
1	With lines that feel like long soliloquies
1	lines that feel like long soliloquies
2	that feel like long soliloquies
2	feel like long soliloquies
2	like long soliloquies
1	long soliloquies
1	-- even as they are being framed in conversation -- Max is static , stilted .
2	-- even as they are being framed in conversation --
3	even as they are being framed in conversation --
2	even as they are being framed in conversation
2	as they are being framed in conversation
2	they are being framed in conversation
2	are being framed in conversation
2	being framed in conversation
2	framed in conversation
2	in conversation
1	Max is static , stilted .
1	is static , stilted .
2	is static , stilted
1	static , stilted
2	static ,
1	Barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference .
1	manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference .
1	manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
1	manages for but a few seconds
1	for but a few seconds
2	but a few seconds
2	a few seconds
3	few seconds
0	over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
1	its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
0	seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
2	seemingly eternal
2	running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
1	time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
2	to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
1	pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
3	pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything ,
2	pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything
2	your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything
2	your interest , your imagination , your empathy or
3	your interest , your imagination , your empathy
2	your interest , your imagination ,
2	your interest , your imagination
2	your interest ,
2	your interest
2	your imagination
2	your empathy
1	really , save your disgust and your indifference
1	, save your disgust and your indifference
2	save your disgust and your indifference
0	your disgust and your indifference
2	your disgust and
1	your disgust
1	your indifference
3	Writer\/director Burr Steers emphasizes the Q in Quirky , with mixed results .
2	Writer\/director Burr Steers
2	Burr Steers
1	emphasizes the Q in Quirky , with mixed results .
2	emphasizes the Q in Quirky , with mixed results
2	emphasizes the Q in Quirky ,
2	emphasizes the Q in Quirky
3	the Q in Quirky
2	the Q
2	in Quirky
2	with mixed results
1	mixed results
1	One senses in World Traveler and in his earlier film that Freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .
2	One senses in World Traveler and in his earlier film that Freundlich
3	One senses
2	in World Traveler and in his earlier film that Freundlich
2	in World Traveler and in his earlier film
2	in World Traveler and
2	in World Traveler
2	World Traveler
2	in his earlier film
2	his earlier film
2	earlier film
2	that Freundlich
1	bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .
1	bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact
2	bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and
1	bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers ,
1	bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers
2	a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers
2	a grievous but obscure complaint
1	grievous but obscure complaint
1	grievous but obscure
1	grievous but
2	against fathers
2	circles it obsessively , without making contact
2	circles it obsessively ,
2	circles it obsessively
2	circles it
2	without making contact
2	making contact
3	In between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '
2	In between the icy stunts
2	between the icy stunts
2	the icy stunts
2	icy stunts
2	, the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '
2	the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '
2	the actors
2	spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '
2	spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do .
3	spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do
3	spout hilarious dialogue
4	hilarious dialogue
2	about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do
2	following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do
2	following your dream and
3	following your dream
3	your dream
3	` just letting the mountain tell you what to do
2	just letting the mountain tell you what to do
2	letting the mountain tell you what to do
2	letting the mountain tell
2	the mountain tell
2	the mountain
2	you what to do
2	what to do
2	to do
2	The obligatory break-ups and hook-ups do n't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters .
2	The obligatory break-ups and hook-ups
1	The obligatory break-ups and
2	The obligatory break-ups
2	obligatory break-ups
1	do n't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters .
1	do n't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters
2	do n't
3	seem to have much emotional impact on the characters
2	to have much emotional impact on the characters
3	have much emotional impact on the characters
2	much emotional impact on the characters
3	much emotional impact
2	emotional impact
2	on the characters
2	the characters
2	Make no mistake , ivans xtc .
2	Make no mistake
3	no mistake
2	, ivans xtc .
2	ivans xtc .
2	xtc .
0	is a mess .
2	is a mess
0	a mess
0	Hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .
1	Hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat
1	Hypnotically dull ,
0	Hypnotically dull
1	relentlessly downbeat
0	, laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .
2	laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .
2	laughably predictable wail
2	laughably predictable
1	pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .
2	pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry
0	to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry
1	the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry
2	the cadence
1	of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry
1	a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry
2	a depressed fifteen-year-old 's
1	depressed fifteen-year-old 's
2	fifteen-year-old 's
2	suicidal poetry
3	The concept is a hoot .
2	The concept
2	is a hoot .
3	is a hoot
3	a hoot
4	The trailer is a riot .
2	The trailer
3	is a riot .
4	is a riot
3	a riot
0	The movie is a dud .
2	The movie
0	is a dud .
1	is a dud
0	a dud
3	It 's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .
1	's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .
3	's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring
2	a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring
0	a boring movie
1	boring movie
2	about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring
2	a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring
1	a boring man ,
1	a boring man
0	boring man
2	made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring
3	made watchable by a bravura performance
3	watchable by a bravura performance
3	by a bravura performance
4	a bravura performance
3	bravura performance
3	from a consummate actor incapable of being boring
3	a consummate actor incapable of being boring
3	a consummate actor
3	consummate actor
3	incapable of being boring
1	of being boring
1	being boring
0	Because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .
0	Because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work
1	the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work
2	the intelligence level of the characters
2	the intelligence level
2	intelligence level
2	of the characters
2	the characters
1	must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work
1	be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work
1	be low , very low , very very low ,
2	be low , very low , very very low
0	low , very low , very very low
1	low , very low , very
1	low , very low ,
1	low , very low
2	low ,
2	very low
2	very low
2	for the masquerade to work
2	the masquerade to work
2	masquerade to work
2	to work
1	, the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .
1	the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .
2	the movie
0	contains no wit , only labored gags .
1	contains no wit , only labored gags
1	no wit , only labored gags
1	no wit , only
1	no wit ,
1	no wit
1	labored gags
0	It 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
1	's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
0	's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
0	hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
0	to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
0	imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
1	another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
0	director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
1	ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
0	making his wife look so bad in a major movie
1	his wife look so bad in a major movie
2	his wife
0	look so bad in a major movie
0	so bad in a major movie
0	bad in a major movie
2	in a major movie
3	a major movie
3	major movie
2	Some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema .
4	Some stunning visuals
3	stunning visuals
1	-- and some staggeringly boring cinema .
2	and some staggeringly boring cinema .
0	and some staggeringly boring cinema
0	some staggeringly boring cinema
2	staggeringly boring cinema
0	staggeringly boring
1	These characters become wearisome .
2	These characters
1	become wearisome .
1	become wearisome
1	A hit - and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as Cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped .
1	A hit - and-miss affair ,
2	A hit - and-miss affair
3	A hit -
3	A hit
2	and-miss affair
2	consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as Cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped .
2	consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as Cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped
3	consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny
3	consistently amusing but
3	consistently amusing
1	not as outrageous or funny
2	as outrageous or funny
3	outrageous or funny
2	outrageous or
2	as Cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped
2	as Cho may have intended or
2	as Cho may have intended
2	Cho may have intended
2	may have intended
2	have intended
3	as imaginative as one might have hoped
3	imaginative as one might have hoped
2	imaginative as one
2	as one
2	might have hoped
2	have hoped
1	This may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .
1	may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .
1	may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar
2	be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar
2	be the first cartoon
2	the first cartoon
2	first cartoon
1	ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar
1	to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar
0	look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar
2	as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar
2	if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar
2	it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar
2	were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar
2	being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar
2	shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar
2	on the projection television screen of a sports bar
2	the projection television screen of a sports bar
2	the projection television screen
2	projection television screen
3	television screen
2	of a sports bar
2	a sports bar
2	sports bar
1	Kim Ki-Deok seems to have in mind an -LRB- emotionally at least -RRB- adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .
2	Kim Ki-Deok
1	seems to have in mind an -LRB- emotionally at least -RRB- adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .
1	seems to have in mind an -LRB- emotionally at least -RRB- adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested
2	to have in mind an -LRB- emotionally at least -RRB- adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested
2	have in mind an -LRB- emotionally at least -RRB- adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested
1	in mind an -LRB- emotionally at least -RRB- adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested
2	in mind
1	an -LRB- emotionally at least -RRB- adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested
2	an -LRB- emotionally at least -RRB- adolescent audience
2	-LRB- emotionally at least -RRB- adolescent audience
2	-LRB- emotionally at least -RRB-
3	emotionally at least -RRB-
2	emotionally at least
2	at least
2	adolescent audience
1	demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested
2	regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested
2	regular shocks and bouts
2	shocks and bouts
2	shocks and
1	of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested
1	barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested
1	barely defensible sexual violence
2	defensible sexual violence
2	sexual violence
3	to keep it interested
3	keep it interested
2	it interested
2	A sterling film - a cross between Boys Do n't Cry , Deliverance , and Ode to Billy Joe - lies somewhere in the story of Matthew Shepard , but that film is yet to be made .
3	A sterling film
3	sterling film
2	- a cross between Boys Do n't Cry , Deliverance , and Ode to Billy Joe - lies somewhere in the story of Matthew Shepard , but that film is yet to be made .
2	a cross between Boys Do n't Cry , Deliverance , and Ode to Billy Joe - lies somewhere in the story of Matthew Shepard , but that film is yet to be made .
1	a cross between Boys Do n't Cry , Deliverance , and Ode to Billy Joe - lies somewhere in the story of Matthew Shepard , but that film is yet to be made
2	a cross between Boys
3	a cross
2	between Boys
2	Do n't Cry , Deliverance , and Ode to Billy Joe - lies somewhere in the story of Matthew Shepard , but that film is yet to be made
1	Do n't
2	Cry , Deliverance , and Ode to Billy Joe - lies somewhere in the story of Matthew Shepard , but that film is yet to be made
1	Cry , Deliverance , and
2	Cry , Deliverance ,
2	Cry , Deliverance
2	Cry ,
2	Ode to Billy Joe - lies somewhere in the story of Matthew Shepard , but that film is yet to be made
2	Ode to Billy Joe -
2	Ode to Billy Joe
2	to Billy Joe
2	Billy Joe
3	lies somewhere in the story of Matthew Shepard , but that film is yet to be made
2	lies somewhere in the story of Matthew Shepard , but
2	lies somewhere in the story of Matthew Shepard ,
2	lies somewhere in the story of Matthew Shepard
3	somewhere in the story of Matthew Shepard
2	in the story of Matthew Shepard
2	the story of Matthew Shepard
2	the story
3	of Matthew Shepard
2	Matthew Shepard
2	that film is yet to be made
1	film is yet to be made
2	is yet to be made
2	is yet
2	to be made
2	be made
0	After sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
0	After sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special
0	sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special
1	through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special
1	this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special
1	sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special
0	sloppy , made-for-movie
2	, made-for-movie
3	comedy special
1	, it makes me wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
1	it makes me wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
2	makes me wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
1	makes me wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work
0	me wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work
1	wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work
2	if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work
1	Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work
1	hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work
2	hates criticism
1	so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work
2	so much
1	that he refuses to evaluate his own work
1	he refuses to evaluate his own work
1	refuses to evaluate his own work
2	to evaluate his own work
2	evaluate his own work
2	his own work
2	own work
1	Contrived pastiche of caper clichés .
2	Contrived pastiche of caper
2	Contrived pastiche
2	of caper
1	clichés .
2	Many shallower movies these days seem too long , but this one is egregiously short .
2	Many shallower movies these days seem too long , but this one is egregiously short
2	Many shallower movies these days seem too long , but
1	Many shallower movies these days seem too long ,
1	Many shallower movies these days seem too long
2	Many shallower movies
2	shallower movies
1	these days seem too long
2	these days
1	seem too long
1	too long
2	this one is egregiously short
2	this one
1	is egregiously short
1	egregiously short
2	Just a Kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people .
2	Just a Kiss
3	a Kiss
2	wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people .
1	wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people
2	wants desperately
2	to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people
2	come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people
2	come off
3	as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people
3	a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people
3	a fanciful film
3	fanciful film
2	about the typical problems of average people
2	the typical problems of average people
2	the typical problems
1	typical problems
2	of average people
2	average people
2	But it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit .
2	it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit .
2	is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit .
2	is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit
2	set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit
2	in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit
2	a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit
2	a world
2	that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit
1	is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit
1	is very , very far
2	very , very far
2	, very far
2	very far
2	from the one most of us inhabit
2	the one most of us inhabit
2	the one most
2	one most
2	of us inhabit
2	us inhabit
2	The most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog Rover Dangerfield .
0	The most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog Rover
0	The most ill-conceived animated comedy
1	most ill-conceived animated comedy
0	most ill-conceived
2	animated comedy
2	since the 1991 dog Rover
2	the 1991 dog Rover
2	1991 dog Rover
2	dog Rover
2	Dangerfield .
2	Like shave ice without the topping , this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless .
2	Like shave ice without the topping
1	shave ice without the topping
2	shave ice
2	without the topping
2	the topping
1	, this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless .
0	this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless .
2	this cinematic snow cone
2	cinematic snow cone
2	snow cone
2	is as innocuous as it is flavorless .
1	is as innocuous as it is flavorless
2	is as innocuous
2	as innocuous
1	as it is flavorless
1	it is flavorless
0	is flavorless
1	Despite its sincere acting , Signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
1	Despite its sincere acting
3	its sincere acting
3	sincere acting
0	, Signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
1	Signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
0	is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
1	is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype
2	is just
0	another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype
1	another unoriginal run
1	unoriginal run
2	of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype
0	the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype
1	the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and
1	the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending
2	the mill sci-fi film
2	mill sci-fi film
2	sci-fi film
1	with a flimsy ending
2	a flimsy ending
1	flimsy ending
2	lots of hype
1	of hype
2	Yet another movie which presumes that high school social groups are at war , let alone conscious of each other 's existence .
1	another movie which presumes that high school social groups are at war , let alone conscious of each other 's existence .
2	another movie which presumes that high school social groups are at war
2	another movie
2	which presumes that high school social groups are at war
2	presumes that high school social groups are at war
2	that high school social groups are at war
2	high school social groups are at war
2	high school social groups
2	school social groups
2	social groups
2	are at war
2	at war
1	, let alone conscious of each other 's existence .
2	let alone conscious of each other 's existence .
2	let alone conscious of each other 's existence
3	alone conscious of each other 's existence
2	alone conscious
2	of each other 's existence
2	each other 's existence
2	each other 's
2	other 's
0	Loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .
1	Loud , chaotic and largely unfunny
1	Loud , chaotic and
2	Loud , chaotic
2	Loud ,
1	largely unfunny
2	I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there 's only one problem ... it 's supposed to be a drama .
1	I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there 's only one problem ... it 's supposed to be a drama
3	I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there 's only one problem ...
3	I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there 's only one problem
3	I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but
3	I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie ,
4	I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie
4	ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie
2	ca n't
4	remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie
4	the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie
2	the last time
2	last time
4	I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie
4	saw an audience laugh so much during a movie
3	an audience laugh so much during a movie
2	an audience
3	laugh so much during a movie
3	laugh so much
2	so much
2	during a movie
2	a movie
2	there 's only one problem
2	's only one problem
1	only one problem
2	one problem
2	it 's supposed to be a drama
2	's supposed to be a drama
2	supposed to be a drama
2	to be a drama
2	be a drama
2	a drama
1	Qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .
2	Qualities that were once amusing
1	that were once amusing
1	were once amusing
1	once amusing
1	are becoming irritating .
1	are becoming irritating
1	becoming irritating
1	Well , Jason 's gone to Manhattan and Hell , I guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB- .
1	Well , Jason 's gone to Manhattan and Hell
2	, Jason 's gone to Manhattan and Hell
2	Jason 's gone to Manhattan and Hell
3	's gone to Manhattan and Hell
2	gone to Manhattan and Hell
2	to Manhattan and Hell
2	Manhattan and Hell
2	Manhattan and
1	, I guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB- .
1	I guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB- .
1	guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB- .
0	guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB-
1	a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB-
2	a space station in the year 2455
2	a space station
2	space station
2	in the year 2455
2	the year 2455
2	year 2455
0	can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB-
1	be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB-
1	crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB-
2	crossed off
2	the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB-
2	the list
1	of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB-
1	ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB-
2	ideas for the inevitable future sequels
2	for the inevitable future sequels
2	the inevitable future sequels
2	inevitable future sequels
2	future sequels
2	-LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB-
2	hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB-
2	hey , do n't shoot the messenger
2	hey ,
2	do n't shoot the messenger
2	do n't
2	shoot the messenger
2	the messenger
1	Donovan ... squanders his main asset , Jackie Chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences .
1	Donovan ... squanders his main asset , Jackie Chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences
1	Donovan ... squanders his main asset , Jackie Chan , and
1	Donovan ... squanders his main asset , Jackie Chan ,
1	Donovan ... squanders his main asset , Jackie Chan
1	Donovan ... squanders his main asset ,
1	Donovan ... squanders his main asset
2	Donovan ... squanders
2	Donovan ...
2	his main asset
3	main asset
2	Jackie Chan
1	fumbles the vital action sequences
3	the vital action sequences
3	vital action sequences
2	action sequences
0	There is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
0	is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
0	is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract
1	no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract
1	no psychology here , and no real narrative logic --
1	no psychology here , and no real narrative logic
2	no psychology here , and
1	no psychology here ,
2	no psychology here
1	no psychology
0	no real narrative logic
3	real narrative logic
2	narrative logic
1	just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract
2	just a series
2	a series
1	of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract
1	carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract
2	carefully choreographed atrocities ,
1	carefully choreographed atrocities
3	carefully choreographed
1	which become strangely impersonal and abstract
1	become strangely impersonal and abstract
1	strangely impersonal and abstract
1	impersonal and abstract
1	impersonal and
0	Bread , My Sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
0	, My Sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
0	My Sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
2	My Sweet
0	has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
0	has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it
0	so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it
1	so many flaws
0	many flaws
0	it would be easy for critics to shred it
1	would be easy for critics to shred it
1	be easy for critics to shred it
2	be easy for critics
2	easy for critics
2	for critics
2	to shred it
2	shred it
2	It may even fall into the category of Films You Love to Hate .
2	It may even fall into the category of Films
2	may even fall into the category of Films
2	may even
2	fall into the category of Films
2	into the category of Films
2	the category of Films
2	the category
2	of Films
2	You Love to Hate .
2	Love to Hate .
2	Love to Hate
1	to Hate
2	I admit it , I hate to like it .
2	I admit it
2	admit it
2	, I hate to like it .
2	I hate to like it .
1	hate to like it .
2	hate to like it
2	to like it
3	like it
2	Frida is certainly no disaster , but neither is it the Kahlo movie Frida fans have been looking for .
2	Frida is certainly no disaster , but neither is it the Kahlo movie Frida fans have been looking for
2	Frida is certainly no disaster , but
2	Frida is certainly no disaster ,
2	Frida is certainly no disaster
3	is certainly no disaster
2	is certainly
2	no disaster
1	neither is it the Kahlo movie Frida fans have been looking for
3	is it the Kahlo movie Frida fans have been looking for
3	it the Kahlo movie Frida fans have been looking for
3	the Kahlo movie Frida fans have been looking for
2	the Kahlo movie Frida fans
2	Kahlo movie Frida fans
2	movie Frida fans
2	Frida fans
2	have been looking for
2	been looking for
2	looking for
1	Leaks treacle from every pore .
2	treacle from every pore .
2	treacle from every pore
2	from every pore
2	every pore
0	The characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament .
0	The characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament
0	The characters are so generic and
1	The characters are so generic
2	The characters
1	are so generic
2	so generic
1	the plot so bland that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament
2	the plot
1	so bland that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament
1	so bland
2	that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament
1	even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament
2	even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac
3	as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac
2	rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac
2	rogue CIA
2	assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac
2	working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac
2	working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close
2	for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close
2	Chris Cooper 's agency boss close
2	Chris Cooper 's
2	Cooper 's
2	agency boss close
2	boss close
3	in on the resourceful amnesiac
2	on the resourceful amnesiac
1	the resourceful amnesiac
3	resourceful amnesiac
1	, we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament
2	we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament
1	do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament
2	do n't
2	feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament
2	feel much
3	for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament
3	Damon\/Bourne or his predicament
3	Damon\/Bourne or
2	his predicament
1	Kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .
1	weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .
0	weighs down the tale with bogus profundities
1	weighs down
0	the tale with bogus profundities
2	the tale
0	with bogus profundities
2	bogus profundities
2	While we want MacDowell 's character to retrieve her husband , we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her .
2	While we want MacDowell 's character to retrieve her husband
2	we want MacDowell 's character to retrieve her husband
2	want MacDowell 's character to retrieve her husband
2	MacDowell 's character to retrieve her husband
2	MacDowell 's
2	character to retrieve her husband
2	to retrieve her husband
2	retrieve her husband
2	her husband
2	, we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her .
2	we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her .
1	have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her .
2	have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her
2	to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her
2	ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her
2	whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her
3	her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her
2	her personal odyssey
2	personal odyssey
2	trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her
1	the carnage that claims so many lives around her
2	the carnage
2	that claims so many lives around her
2	claims so many lives around her
2	so many lives around her
2	so many lives
2	so many
2	around her
1	Blue Crush is as predictable as the tides .
2	Blue Crush
1	is as predictable as the tides .
1	is as predictable as the tides
0	as predictable as the tides
1	predictable as the tides
2	as the tides
2	the tides
1	... The movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
1	The movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
2	The movie
1	feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
0	feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies
1	stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies
1	stitched together from stock situations and characters
2	stitched together
2	from stock situations and characters
1	stock situations and characters
2	situations and characters
2	situations and
2	from other movies
2	other movies
0	If you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then Blood Work is for you .
0	If you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright
1	you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright
0	enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright
1	being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright
1	rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright
0	by a script that assumes you are n't very bright
0	a script that assumes you are n't very bright
2	a script
1	that assumes you are n't very bright
1	assumes you are n't very bright
0	you are n't very bright
0	are n't very bright
1	are n't
4	very bright
3	, then Blood Work is for you .
3	then Blood Work is for you .
3	Blood Work is for you .
2	Blood Work
2	is for you .
2	is for you
2	for you
1	Trouble Every Day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead .
0	Trouble Every Day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead
2	Trouble Every Day is a success in some sense , but
3	Trouble Every Day is a success in some sense ,
3	Trouble Every Day is a success in some sense
2	Trouble Every Day
2	Every Day
3	is a success in some sense
2	a success in some sense
4	a success
2	in some sense
2	some sense
0	it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead
0	's hard to like a film so cold and dead
1	hard to like a film so cold and dead
2	to like a film so cold and dead
1	like a film so cold and dead
0	a film so cold and dead
2	a film
1	so cold and dead
0	cold and dead
2	cold and
2	The film 's stagecrafts are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film 's production design .
2	The film 's stagecrafts
2	The film 's
2	film 's
2	are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film 's production design .
1	are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film 's production design
3	are intimate and therefore bolder
4	intimate and therefore bolder
2	intimate and therefore
2	intimate and
2	than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film 's production design
1	the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film 's production design
2	the otherwise calculated artifice
2	otherwise calculated artifice
3	otherwise calculated
2	that defines and overwhelms the film 's production design
2	defines and overwhelms the film 's production design
2	defines and overwhelms
2	defines and
2	the film 's production design
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	production design
1	A well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .
3	A well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor
2	A well-intentioned effort
3	well-intentioned effort
1	that 's still too burdened by the actor
1	's still too burdened by the actor
2	's still
1	too burdened by the actor
1	burdened by the actor
2	by the actor
2	the actor
2	's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .
2	's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility
1	offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility
2	offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core
3	offbeat sensibilities
3	for the earnest emotional core
3	the earnest emotional core
3	earnest emotional core
2	emotional core
2	to emerge with any degree of accessibility
2	emerge with any degree of accessibility
2	with any degree of accessibility
2	any degree of accessibility
2	any degree
2	of accessibility
2	A family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise .
3	A family-friendly fantasy that
3	A family-friendly fantasy
3	family-friendly fantasy
1	ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise .
1	ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise
2	ends up
1	doing very little with its imaginative premise
1	doing very little
2	very little
3	with its imaginative premise
3	its imaginative premise
3	imaginative premise
2	A plodding look at the French Revolution through the eyes of aristocrats .
2	A plodding
3	look at the French Revolution through the eyes of aristocrats .
2	look at the French Revolution through the eyes of aristocrats
2	look at the French Revolution
2	at the French Revolution
2	the French Revolution
2	French Revolution
2	through the eyes of aristocrats
2	the eyes of aristocrats
2	the eyes
2	of aristocrats
2	Tom Shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing Adams , but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it .
1	Tom Shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing Adams , but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it
2	Tom Shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing Adams , but
3	Tom Shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing Adams ,
3	Tom Shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing Adams
2	Tom Shadyac
2	has learned a bit more craft since directing Adams
2	learned a bit more craft since directing Adams
2	learned a bit more craft
2	a bit more craft
2	a bit more
2	a bit
2	since directing Adams
2	directing Adams
2	he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it
1	still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it
1	lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it
2	lingers over every point
2	over every point
2	every point
1	until the slowest viewer grasps it
1	the slowest viewer grasps it
2	the slowest viewer
2	slowest viewer
2	grasps it
2	Unspools like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers .
1	like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers .
1	like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers
1	like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial ,
1	like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial
1	a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial
1	highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial
0	, low-key , 102-minute infomercial
1	low-key , 102-minute infomercial
0	, 102-minute infomercial
2	102-minute infomercial
3	blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers
3	blending entrepreneurial zeal
3	entrepreneurial zeal
4	with the testimony of satisfied customers
2	the testimony of satisfied customers
2	the testimony
2	of satisfied customers
3	satisfied customers
2	A fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece .
2	A fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece
2	A fast-paced ,
3	A fast-paced
1	glitzy but extremely silly piece
1	but extremely silly piece
2	extremely silly piece
1	extremely silly
0	Any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .
1	Any reasonably creative eighth-grader
1	reasonably creative eighth-grader
3	reasonably creative
1	could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .
1	could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors
1	have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors
1	written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors
2	written a more credible script , though
3	a more credible script , though
3	a more credible script ,
3	a more credible script
2	more credible script
2	more credible
1	with the same number of continuity errors
1	the same number of continuity errors
2	the same number
2	same number
1	of continuity errors
1	continuity errors
1	... while the humor aspects of ` Jason X ' were far more entertaining than I had expected , everything else about the film tanks .
1	while the humor aspects of ` Jason X ' were far more entertaining than I had expected , everything else about the film tanks .
3	while the humor aspects of ` Jason X ' were far more entertaining than I had expected
3	the humor aspects of ` Jason X ' were far more entertaining than I had expected
2	the humor aspects of ` Jason X '
2	the humor aspects
2	humor aspects
2	of ` Jason X '
2	of ` Jason X
2	of `
2	Jason X
4	were far more entertaining than I had expected
4	far more entertaining than I had expected
4	far more entertaining
3	more entertaining
2	than I had expected
2	I had expected
2	had expected
1	, everything else about the film tanks .
1	everything else about the film tanks .
2	everything else about the film
2	everything else
2	about the film
2	the film
1	tanks .
2	Your taste for Jonah - A Veggie Tales Movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the Holy Spirit .
2	Your taste for Jonah
2	Your taste
2	for Jonah
1	- A Veggie Tales Movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the Holy Spirit .
1	A Veggie Tales Movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the Holy Spirit .
2	A Veggie Tales Movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the Holy Spirit
2	A Veggie Tales Movie
3	Veggie Tales Movie
2	Tales Movie
2	may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the Holy Spirit
3	may well
1	depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the Holy Spirit
2	on your threshold for pop manifestations of the Holy Spirit
2	your threshold for pop manifestations of the Holy Spirit
2	your threshold
2	for pop manifestations of the Holy Spirit
3	pop manifestations of the Holy Spirit
2	pop manifestations
2	of the Holy Spirit
2	the Holy Spirit
2	Holy Spirit
1	Like an Afterschool Special with costumes by Gianni Versace , Mad Love looks better than it feels .
2	Like an Afterschool Special with costumes by Gianni Versace
2	an Afterschool Special with costumes by Gianni Versace
2	an Afterschool Special
2	Afterschool Special
2	with costumes by Gianni Versace
2	costumes by Gianni Versace
2	by Gianni Versace
2	Gianni Versace
1	, Mad Love looks better than it feels .
2	Mad Love looks better than it feels .
2	Mad Love
2	looks better than it feels .
2	looks better than it feels
2	better than it feels
2	than it feels
2	it feels
2	While certain cues , like the happy music , suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts , Jeong-Hyang Lee 's film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness .
2	While certain cues , like the happy music , suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts
2	certain cues , like the happy music , suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts
2	certain cues
2	, like the happy music , suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts
2	like the happy music , suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts
3	like the happy music
3	the happy music
3	happy music
2	, suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts
2	suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts
2	that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts
2	this movie is supposed to warm our hearts
2	this movie
2	is supposed to warm our hearts
2	supposed to warm our hearts
3	to warm our hearts
3	warm our hearts
2	our hearts
1	, Jeong-Hyang Lee 's film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness .
2	Jeong-Hyang Lee 's film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness .
2	Jeong-Hyang Lee 's film
2	Jeong-Hyang Lee 's
2	Lee 's
1	is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness .
1	is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness
2	is just as likely
2	is just
2	as likely
1	to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness
1	blacken that organ with cold vengefulness
2	blacken that organ
2	that organ
1	with cold vengefulness
1	cold vengefulness
0	The script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained .
0	The script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained
1	The script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and
0	The script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff ,
1	The script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff
2	The script , the gags , the characters
2	The script ,
2	The script
2	the gags , the characters
2	the gags ,
2	the gags
2	the characters
1	are all direct-to-video stuff
2	all direct-to-video stuff
1	direct-to-video stuff
1	that 's where this film should have remained
2	's where this film should have remained
2	where this film should have remained
2	this film should have remained
2	this film
2	should have remained
2	have remained
1	A thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .
0	A thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions
1	A thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid
3	A thriller
1	without thrills and a mystery devoid
2	thrills and a mystery devoid
2	thrills and
1	a mystery devoid
0	mystery devoid
2	of urgent questions
2	urgent questions
1	A collage of clichés and a dim echo of allusions to other films .
0	A collage of clichés and a dim
2	A collage
1	of clichés and a dim
1	clichés and a dim
2	clichés and
1	a dim
2	echo of allusions to other films .
2	echo of allusions to other films
3	echo of allusions
2	of allusions
2	to other films
2	other films
1	The film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .
2	The film
1	is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .
1	is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters
0	hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters
0	by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters
0	its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters
1	predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters
1	plot and paper-thin supporting characters
1	and paper-thin supporting characters
0	paper-thin supporting characters
2	supporting characters
2	Jonah is only so-so ... the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you , or it will lessen it .
2	Jonah is only so-so ... the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you , or it will lessen it
2	Jonah is only so-so ...
1	Jonah is only so-so
1	is only so-so
2	only so-so
1	the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you , or it will lessen it
2	the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you , or
2	the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you ,
2	the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you
2	the addition of a biblical message
2	the addition
2	of a biblical message
2	a biblical message
2	biblical message
2	will either improve the film for you
2	will either
2	improve the film for you
2	the film for you
2	the film
2	for you
2	it will lessen it
2	will lessen it
2	lessen it
1	An excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay .
0	An excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay
1	An excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability
2	An excruciating demonstration
1	excruciating demonstration
1	of the unsalvageability
1	the unsalvageability
0	of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay
2	a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay
2	a movie
2	saddled with an amateurish screenplay
1	with an amateurish screenplay
0	an amateurish screenplay
1	amateurish screenplay
1	How many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?
2	How many more times
2	How many more
2	How many
2	will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?
1	will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other
2	will indie filmmakers
2	indie filmmakers
1	subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other
2	subject us
0	to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other
1	boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other
1	boring , self-important stories
1	, self-important stories
2	self-important stories
3	of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other
1	how horrible we are to ourselves and each other
0	how horrible
2	we are to ourselves and each other
3	are to ourselves and each other
2	to ourselves and each other
2	ourselves and each other
3	ourselves and
2	each other
1	There are some laughs in this movie , but Williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak .
2	There are some laughs in this movie , but Williams ' anarchy gets tiresome
3	There are some laughs in this movie , but
3	There are some laughs in this movie ,
3	There are some laughs in this movie
2	are some laughs in this movie
3	some laughs in this movie
3	some laughs
2	in this movie
2	this movie
1	Williams ' anarchy gets tiresome
2	Williams ' anarchy
2	Williams '
1	gets tiresome
1	, the satire is weak .
1	the satire is weak .
2	the satire
1	is weak .
2	is weak
0	As steamy as last week 's pork dumplings .
2	As steamy as
2	steamy as
2	last week 's pork dumplings .
2	last week 's pork
2	last week 's
2	week 's
2	dumplings .
0	The somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make Green Dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .
1	The somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks
1	The somber pacing and lack
1	somber pacing and lack
1	pacing and lack
2	pacing and
3	of dramatic fireworks
2	dramatic fireworks
1	make Green Dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .
1	make Green Dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment
1	Green Dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment
2	Green Dragon
2	seem more like medicine than entertainment
1	seem more like medicine
2	more like medicine
2	like medicine
2	than entertainment
1	The filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about .
2	The filmmakers
2	needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about .
1	needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about
2	needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less
1	needed more emphasis
2	more emphasis
2	on the storytelling and less
2	the storytelling and less
3	the storytelling and
2	the storytelling
1	on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about
1	the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about
2	the glamorous machine
3	glamorous machine
1	that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about
1	thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about
3	thrusts the audience
2	the audience
1	into a future they wo n't much care about
1	a future they wo n't much care about
2	a future
1	they wo n't much care about
1	wo n't much care about
2	wo n't much
2	wo n't
2	care about
0	Another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures .
1	Another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt
1	Another wholly unnecessary addition
1	wholly unnecessary addition
1	wholly unnecessary
1	to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt
2	the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt
1	the growing , moldering pile
1	growing , moldering pile
2	, moldering pile
1	moldering pile
2	of , well , extreme stunt
2	of , well ,
3	, well ,
2	well ,
2	extreme stunt
2	pictures .
0	This strenuously unfunny Showtime deserves the hook .
0	strenuously unfunny Showtime deserves the hook .
2	unfunny Showtime deserves the hook .
1	Showtime deserves the hook .
2	deserves the hook .
1	deserves the hook
2	the hook
1	The whole thing 's fairly lame , making it par for the course for Disney sequels .
2	The whole thing
3	whole thing
1	's fairly lame , making it par for the course for Disney sequels .
1	's fairly lame , making it par for the course for Disney sequels
1	's fairly lame ,
1	's fairly lame
1	fairly lame
1	making it par for the course for Disney sequels
2	it par for the course for Disney sequels
2	par for the course for Disney sequels
2	for the course for Disney sequels
2	the course for Disney sequels
2	the course
2	for Disney sequels
2	Disney sequels
1	... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .
2	its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .
1	its solemn pretension
1	solemn pretension
2	prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .
1	prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself
2	prevents us
1	from sharing the awe in which it holds itself
2	sharing the awe in which it holds itself
3	the awe in which it holds itself
3	the awe
2	in which it holds itself
2	in which
3	it holds itself
3	holds itself
1	... the good and different idea -LRB- of middle-aged romance -RRB- is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` Never Again . ''
1	the good and different idea -LRB- of middle-aged romance -RRB- is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` Never Again . ''
1	the good and different idea -LRB- of middle-aged romance -RRB- is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances
3	the good and different
3	good and different
3	good and
1	idea -LRB- of middle-aged romance -RRB- is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances
1	idea -LRB- of middle-aged romance -RRB- is not handled well and ,
1	idea -LRB- of middle-aged romance -RRB- is not handled well and
1	idea -LRB- of middle-aged romance -RRB- is not handled well
2	idea -LRB- of middle-aged romance -RRB-
2	-LRB- of middle-aged romance -RRB-
2	of middle-aged romance -RRB-
2	of middle-aged romance
2	middle-aged romance
1	is not handled well
1	is not
3	handled well
3	except for the fine star performances
3	for the fine star performances
4	the fine star performances
4	fine star performances
3	star performances
1	, there is little else to recommend `` Never Again . ''
1	there is little else to recommend `` Never Again . ''
1	is little else to recommend `` Never Again . ''
1	is little else to recommend `` Never Again .
1	is little else to recommend `` Never Again
1	is little else
1	little else
2	to recommend `` Never Again
3	recommend `` Never Again
3	recommend ``
2	Never Again
1	If Disney 's Cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then Cinderella II proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .
2	If Disney 's Cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes
4	Disney 's Cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes
2	Disney 's Cinderella
2	Disney 's
2	proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes
2	that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes
2	that '
3	a dream is a wish your heart makes
3	a dream
2	is a wish your heart makes
3	a wish your heart makes
2	a wish
2	your heart makes
2	your heart
2	, ' then Cinderella II proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .
2	' then Cinderella II proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .
2	then Cinderella II proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .
2	then Cinderella II
2	Cinderella II
1	proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .
2	proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes
1	that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes
2	a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes
1	a nightmare
4	is a wish a studio 's wallet makes
2	a wish a studio 's wallet makes
2	a wish
2	a studio 's wallet makes
2	a studio 's wallet
2	a studio 's
2	studio 's
0	Features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
2	Features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances ,
1	Features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances
2	Features nonsensical and laughable plotting ,
1	Features nonsensical and laughable plotting
1	nonsensical and laughable plotting
1	nonsensical and laughable
1	nonsensical and
1	wooden performances
0	ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
0	directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
0	directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory
0	directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue
1	action sequences and some of the worst dialogue
2	action sequences and
2	action sequences
1	some of the worst dialogue
1	of the worst dialogue
0	the worst dialogue
2	worst dialogue
2	in recent memory
2	recent memory
2	With Rare Birds , as with The Shipping News before it , an attempt is made to transplant a Hollywood star into Newfoundland 's wild soil -- and The Rock once again resists the intrusion .
2	With Rare Birds
2	Rare Birds
2	, as with The Shipping News before it , an attempt is made to transplant a Hollywood star into Newfoundland 's wild soil -- and The Rock once again resists the intrusion .
2	as with The Shipping News before it , an attempt is made to transplant a Hollywood star into Newfoundland 's wild soil -- and The Rock once again resists the intrusion .
2	as with The Shipping News before it , an attempt is made to transplant a Hollywood star into Newfoundland 's wild soil -- and The Rock once again resists the intrusion
2	as with The Shipping News before it , an attempt is made to transplant a Hollywood star into Newfoundland 's wild soil -- and
2	as with The Shipping News before it , an attempt is made to transplant a Hollywood star into Newfoundland 's wild soil --
2	as with The Shipping News before it , an attempt is made to transplant a Hollywood star into Newfoundland 's wild soil
2	as with The Shipping News before it
2	with The Shipping News before it
2	The Shipping News before it
2	The Shipping News
2	Shipping News
2	before it
1	, an attempt is made to transplant a Hollywood star into Newfoundland 's wild soil
2	an attempt is made to transplant a Hollywood star into Newfoundland 's wild soil
2	an attempt
2	is made to transplant a Hollywood star into Newfoundland 's wild soil
3	made to transplant a Hollywood star into Newfoundland 's wild soil
2	to transplant a Hollywood star into Newfoundland 's wild soil
2	transplant a Hollywood star into Newfoundland 's wild soil
2	transplant a Hollywood star
2	a Hollywood star
2	Hollywood star
2	into Newfoundland 's wild soil
2	Newfoundland 's wild soil
2	Newfoundland 's
2	wild soil
2	The Rock once again resists the intrusion
2	The Rock
2	once again resists the intrusion
2	once again
2	resists the intrusion
2	the intrusion
0	Nothing about this movie works .
1	Nothing about this movie
2	about this movie
2	this movie
2	works .
2	If the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you , the simplistic Heaven will quite likely be more like hell .
2	If the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you
1	the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you
2	the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light
2	the idea
2	of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light
2	the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light
2	the white man
2	white man
2	arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light
2	arriving on foreign shores
3	on foreign shores
2	foreign shores
2	to show wary natives the true light
2	show wary natives the true light
2	show wary natives
1	wary natives
2	the true light
3	true light
0	is abhorrent to you
1	abhorrent to you
2	to you
2	, the simplistic Heaven will quite likely be more like hell .
1	the simplistic Heaven will quite likely be more like hell .
2	the simplistic Heaven
2	simplistic Heaven
1	will quite likely be more like hell .
1	will quite likely be more like hell
2	will quite likely
2	quite likely
0	be more like hell
2	be more
2	like hell
1	A spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .
1	A spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged
2	A spooky yarn
2	spooky yarn
1	of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged
1	demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged
2	demonic doings
1	on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged
1	the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged
2	the high seas
2	high seas
2	that works better the less the brain is engaged
0	works better the less the brain is engaged
2	better the less the brain is engaged
2	the less the brain is engaged
2	the less
3	the brain is engaged
3	the brain
3	is engaged
1	None of Birthday Girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...
2	None of Birthday Girl 's calculated events
2	of Birthday Girl 's calculated events
1	Birthday Girl 's calculated events
2	Birthday Girl 's
2	Girl 's
2	calculated events
3	take us by surprise ...
2	take us by surprise
2	take us
2	by surprise
2	Are monsters born , or made ?
2	Are monsters born , or made
2	Are monsters
2	born , or made
2	born , or
2	born ,
1	Lisa Rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but Love Liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .
1	Lisa Rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but Love Liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension
2	Lisa Rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but
3	Lisa Rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely ,
3	Lisa Rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely
2	Lisa Rinzler 's cinematography
2	Lisa Rinzler 's
2	Rinzler 's
3	may be lovely
3	be lovely
2	Love Liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension
3	Love Liza 's tale
3	Love Liza 's
2	Liza 's
1	itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension
1	virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension
1	collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension
2	collapses into an inhalant blackout ,
0	collapses into an inhalant blackout
1	into an inhalant blackout
1	an inhalant blackout
2	inhalant blackout
1	maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension
1	maintaining consciousness just long enough
2	maintaining consciousness just
2	maintaining consciousness
2	long enough
2	to achieve callow pretension
2	achieve callow pretension
1	callow pretension
1	The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and Esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .
1	The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and Esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard
1	The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and
1	The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated ,
2	The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated
2	The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ;
1	The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage
1	The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but
1	The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther ,
1	The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther
2	The narrator and the other characters
2	The narrator and
2	The narrator
2	the other characters
2	other characters
2	try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther
1	to convince us that acting transfigures Esther
2	convince us that acting transfigures Esther
2	convince us
3	that acting transfigures Esther
2	acting transfigures Esther
2	acting transfigures
2	she 's never seen speaking on stage
2	's never seen speaking on stage
2	's never
2	seen speaking on stage
2	speaking on stage
2	on stage
1	one feels cheated
1	feels cheated
1	Esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard
1	seems to remain an unchanged dullard
1	to remain an unchanged dullard
1	remain an unchanged dullard
1	an unchanged dullard
1	unchanged dullard
1	It 's exactly the kind of movie Toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .
1	's exactly the kind of movie Toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .
1	's exactly the kind of movie Toback 's detractors always accuse him of making
2	's exactly
1	the kind of movie Toback 's detractors always accuse him of making
2	the kind of movie
2	the kind
2	of movie
2	Toback 's detractors always accuse him of making
2	Toback 's detractors
2	Toback 's
2	always accuse him of making
2	accuse him of making
2	accuse him
2	of making
1	With the dog days of August upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .
2	With the dog days of August upon us
2	the dog days of August upon us
2	the dog days
2	dog days
2	of August upon us
2	August upon us
2	upon us
2	, think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .
1	think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .
1	think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity
0	think of this dog of a movie
1	of this dog of a movie
1	this dog of a movie
2	this dog
2	of a movie
2	a movie
1	as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity
1	the cinematic equivalent of high humidity
2	the cinematic equivalent
2	cinematic equivalent
3	of high humidity
1	high humidity
2	Less about Shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw Quentin Tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations .
0	Less about Shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw Quentin Tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations
2	Less about Shakespeare than the spawn
2	Less about Shakespeare
2	about Shakespeare
2	than the spawn
2	the spawn
0	of fools who saw Quentin Tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations
1	fools who saw Quentin Tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations
2	who saw Quentin Tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations
1	saw Quentin Tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations
2	saw Quentin Tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films and
2	saw Quentin Tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films
2	Quentin Tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films
2	Quentin Tarantino 's handful
2	Quentin Tarantino 's
2	Tarantino 's
2	of raucous gangster films
2	raucous gangster films
2	gangster films
1	branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations
2	branched out
2	into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations
1	their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations
2	own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations
1	pseudo-witty copycat interpretations
1	copycat interpretations
0	The film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables .
2	The film
0	is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables .
1	is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables
1	like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables
0	sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables
1	sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and
1	sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing ,
1	sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing
2	sitting in a downtown café ,
2	sitting in a downtown café
2	in a downtown café
2	a downtown café
2	downtown café
2	overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing
0	a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing
2	a bunch
1	of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing
1	typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing
1	typical late-twenty-somethings natter
2	late-twenty-somethings natter
2	on about nothing
1	about nothing
1	desperately wishing you could change tables
2	wishing you could change tables
3	you could change tables
2	could change tables
3	change tables
1	This rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .
1	This rather unfocused
1	rather unfocused
1	, all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .
1	all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .
2	all-over-the-map movie
1	would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .
1	would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor
1	be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor
2	be a lot better
3	a lot better
2	a lot
0	if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor
1	if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or
2	if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ...
2	if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens
2	it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens
1	pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens
2	pared down its plots and characters
2	pared down
2	its plots and characters
2	plots and characters
2	plots and
1	to a few rather than dozens
2	a few rather than dozens
2	a few rather than
2	a few
2	rather than
1	if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor
2	if it were subtler ... or
2	if it were subtler ...
2	if it were subtler
2	it were subtler
2	were subtler
2	if it had a sense of humor
3	it had a sense of humor
3	had a sense of humor
2	a sense of humor
2	a sense
2	of humor
1	Takes a clunky TV-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker .
1	Takes a clunky TV-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker
1	a clunky TV-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker
2	a clunky TV-movie approach
0	clunky TV-movie approach
1	clunky TV-movie
2	to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker
2	detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker
2	detailing a chapter
2	a chapter
2	in the life of the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker
2	the life of the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker
2	the life
2	of the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker
2	the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker
2	celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker
2	Irish playwright , poet and drinker
2	playwright , poet and drinker
2	, poet and drinker
2	poet and drinker
2	poet and
0	Not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .
1	Not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream
2	Not only
2	does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream
1	does the thoroughly formulaic film
2	the thoroughly formulaic film
1	thoroughly formulaic film
2	formulaic film
3	represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream
2	totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream
3	totally exemplify
2	middle-of-the-road mainstream
0	, it also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .
1	it also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .
1	also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .
0	represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .
1	represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest
2	represents glossy Hollywood
1	glossy Hollywood
1	at its laziest
1	its laziest
0	A shame that Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .
1	shame that Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .
0	shame that Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
0	that Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
0	Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
2	Stealing Harvard
0	is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
1	is too busy
1	too busy
0	getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
2	getting in its own way
3	in its own way
2	its own way
2	own way
0	to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
1	be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
2	anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
3	anything but frustrating , boring , and
2	anything but frustrating , boring ,
2	anything but frustrating , boring
3	anything but frustrating ,
2	anything but frustrating
2	anything but
0	Nearly every attempt at humor here is DOA .
3	Nearly every attempt at humor
2	Nearly every attempt
2	every attempt
2	at humor
1	here is DOA .
0	is DOA .
0	is DOA
1	Collapses under its own meager weight .
1	Collapses under its own meager weight
1	under its own meager weight
1	its own meager weight
1	own meager weight
1	meager weight
2	This is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous .
2	is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous .
0	is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous
2	mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous
1	mild-mannered , been-there material
2	, been-there material
1	been-there material
2	given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous
3	given a pedestrian spin
2	a pedestrian spin
2	pedestrian spin
2	by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous
2	a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous
2	a director
2	who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous
1	needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous
3	a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous
2	a touch
2	of the flamboyant , the outrageous
3	the flamboyant , the outrageous
2	the flamboyant ,
2	the flamboyant
2	the outrageous
2	If you adored The Full Monty so resoundingly that you 're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting , then this should keep you reasonably entertained .
1	If you adored The Full Monty so resoundingly that you 're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting
2	you adored The Full Monty so resoundingly that you 're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting
1	adored The Full Monty so resoundingly that you 're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting
3	adored The Full Monty so resoundingly
2	The Full Monty so resoundingly
2	The Full Monty
2	Full Monty
2	so resoundingly
1	that you 're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting
1	you 're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting
1	're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting
1	dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting
1	to see the same old thing in a tired old setting
0	see the same old thing in a tired old setting
1	see the same old thing
1	the same old thing
2	same old thing
2	old thing
1	in a tired old setting
1	a tired old setting
1	tired old setting
2	old setting
3	, then this should keep you reasonably entertained .
3	then this should keep you reasonably entertained .
3	this should keep you reasonably entertained .
3	should keep you reasonably entertained .
3	should keep you reasonably entertained
3	keep you reasonably entertained
3	you reasonably entertained
3	reasonably entertained
1	Technically and artistically inept .
1	Technically and artistically inept
0	and artistically inept
1	artistically inept
1	Those who are only mildly curious , I fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .
2	Those who are only mildly curious
2	who are only mildly curious
2	are only mildly curious
2	are only
2	mildly curious
1	, I fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .
2	, I fear ,
2	I fear ,
1	I fear
1	will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .
0	will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals
0	be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals
0	put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals
1	to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals
1	sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals
2	sleep or bewildered
2	or bewildered
1	by the artsy and often pointless visuals
1	the artsy and often pointless visuals
2	artsy and often pointless visuals
0	artsy and often pointless
3	artsy and
1	often pointless
1	Though Tom Shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
3	Though Tom Shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough
3	Tom Shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough
2	Tom Shadyac 's film
2	Tom Shadyac 's
2	Shadyac 's
2	kicks off spookily enough
3	off spookily enough
2	spookily enough
1	, around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
2	around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
2	around the
1	halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
1	mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
1	mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance
1	it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance
1	takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance
2	takes an abrupt turn
2	an abrupt turn
2	abrupt turn
2	into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance
2	glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance
1	glucose sentimentality and
2	glucose sentimentality
2	laughable contrivance
0	A long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .
0	A long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music
0	A long , dull procession of despair ,
0	A long , dull procession of despair
2	A long , dull procession
1	long , dull procession
1	, dull procession
1	dull procession
1	of despair
2	set to cello music
2	to cello music
2	cello music
2	culled from a minimalist funeral .
2	culled from a minimalist funeral
2	from a minimalist funeral
2	a minimalist funeral
2	minimalist funeral
0	Call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but I believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .
1	Call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie
2	Call me
0	a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie
2	a cold-hearted curmudgeon
1	cold-hearted curmudgeon
2	for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie
1	not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie
2	being able to enjoy a mindless action movie
2	able to enjoy a mindless action movie
2	to enjoy a mindless action movie
2	enjoy a mindless action movie
1	a mindless action movie
1	mindless action movie
2	action movie
1	, but I believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .
1	, but I believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid
2	, but
2	I believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid
1	believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid
1	a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid
2	a movie
2	can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid
1	be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid
1	mindless without being the peak of all things insipid
2	without being the peak of all things insipid
2	being the peak of all things insipid
1	the peak of all things insipid
2	the peak
2	of all things insipid
1	all things insipid
1	things insipid
1	Death might be a release .
2	might be a release .
2	might be a release
2	be a release
2	a release
1	`` -LRB- Hopkins -RRB- does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .
0	-LRB- Hopkins -RRB- does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .
0	Hopkins -RRB- does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .
2	-RRB- does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .
1	does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .
1	does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it
1	does n't so much phone in his performance as
1	does n't
1	so much phone in his performance as
2	so much phone
2	much phone
2	in his performance as
2	his performance as
2	performance as
2	fax it
1	No , even that 's too committed .
2	, even that 's too committed .
1	even that 's too committed .
2	even that
2	's too committed .
2	's too committed
2	too committed
2	He gets his secretary to fax it . ''
2	gets his secretary to fax it . ''
2	gets his secretary to fax it .
2	gets his secretary to fax it
2	his secretary to fax it
2	secretary to fax it
2	to fax it
2	fax it
1	Sodden and glum , even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light .
1	Sodden and glum
2	Sodden and
2	, even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light .
2	even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light .
1	even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light
2	in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light
2	those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light
2	those moments
2	where it 's supposed to feel funny and light
1	it 's supposed to feel funny and light
2	's supposed to feel funny and light
1	supposed to feel funny and light
3	to feel funny and light
3	feel funny and light
3	funny and light
3	funny and
0	Priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .
2	, lethargically paced parable of renewal .
1	lethargically paced parable of renewal .
2	paced parable of renewal .
2	paced parable of renewal
2	parable of renewal
2	of renewal
1	A beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '
3	A beautifully
1	shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '
1	shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic .
2	shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic
1	but dull and ankle-deep ` epic
1	but dull and ankle-deep
1	dull and ankle-deep
1	dull and
4	` epic
1	Even with its $ 50-million US budget , Pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
2	Even with its $ 50-million US budget
2	with its $ 50-million US budget
2	its $ 50-million US budget
2	$ 50-million US budget
2	$ 50-million
2	US budget
1	, Pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
1	Pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
1	never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
1	never quite
3	achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
3	achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture
3	the feel of a fanciful motion picture
2	the feel
3	of a fanciful motion picture
3	a fanciful motion picture
3	fanciful motion picture
2	motion picture
1	This is a third-person story now , told by Hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .
2	is a third-person story now , told by Hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .
2	is a third-person story now , told by Hollywood , and much more ordinary for it
1	a third-person story now , told by Hollywood , and much more ordinary for it
2	a third-person story
2	third-person story
1	now , told by Hollywood , and much more ordinary for it
2	now , told by Hollywood
2	now ,
2	told by Hollywood
2	by Hollywood
2	, and much more ordinary for it
3	, and
2	much more ordinary for it
3	much more ordinary
2	more ordinary
2	for it
3	The filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story .
3	The filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story
3	The filmmakers know how to please the eye , but
3	The filmmakers know how to please the eye ,
4	The filmmakers know how to please the eye
2	The filmmakers
3	know how to please the eye
2	how to please the eye
2	to please the eye
3	please the eye
2	the eye
2	it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story
3	is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story
1	is not
3	always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story
3	always the prettiest pictures
2	the prettiest pictures
3	prettiest pictures
4	that tell the best story
3	tell the best story
4	the best story
4	best story
1	Written , flatly , by David Kendall and directed , barely , by There 's Something About Mary co-writer Ed Decter .
1	Written , flatly , by David Kendall and directed , barely , by There
1	Written , flatly , by David Kendall and
1	Written , flatly , by David Kendall
1	Written , flatly ,
1	Written , flatly
2	Written ,
2	by David Kendall
2	David Kendall
1	directed , barely , by There
0	directed , barely ,
1	directed , barely
2	directed ,
2	by There
2	's Something About Mary co-writer Ed Decter .
2	's Something About Mary co-writer Ed Decter
2	Something About Mary co-writer Ed Decter
2	About Mary co-writer Ed Decter
2	Mary co-writer Ed Decter
2	co-writer Ed Decter
2	Ed Decter
2	The characters are interesting and the relationship between Yosuke and Saeko is worth watching as it develops , but there 's not enough to the story to fill two hours .
2	The characters are interesting and the relationship between Yosuke and Saeko is worth watching as it develops , but there 's not enough to the story to fill two hours
2	The characters are interesting and the relationship between Yosuke and Saeko is worth watching as it develops , but
3	The characters are interesting and the relationship between Yosuke and Saeko is worth watching as it develops ,
3	The characters are interesting and the relationship between Yosuke and Saeko is worth watching as it develops
3	The characters are interesting and
3	The characters are interesting
2	The characters
3	are interesting
4	the relationship between Yosuke and Saeko is worth watching as it develops
2	the relationship between Yosuke and Saeko
2	the relationship
2	between Yosuke and Saeko
2	Yosuke and Saeko
2	Yosuke and
4	is worth watching as it develops
2	is worth
3	watching as it develops
3	as it develops
2	it develops
1	there 's not enough to the story to fill two hours
1	's not enough to the story to fill two hours
2	's not
3	enough to the story to fill two hours
2	to the story to fill two hours
2	the story to fill two hours
2	story to fill two hours
2	to fill two hours
2	fill two hours
2	two hours
2	Very well made , but does n't generate a lot of tension .
3	well made , but does n't generate a lot of tension .
2	made , but does n't generate a lot of tension .
1	made , but does n't generate a lot of tension
2	made , but
2	made ,
2	does n't generate a lot of tension
1	does n't
2	generate a lot of tension
3	a lot of tension
2	a lot
2	of tension
2	Like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone .
1	Like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone
2	Like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and
3	Like being invited to a classy dinner soiree
3	being invited to a classy dinner soiree
3	invited to a classy dinner soiree
3	to a classy dinner soiree
3	a classy dinner soiree
3	classy dinner soiree
2	dinner soiree
2	not knowing anyone
2	knowing anyone
1	You leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .
1	leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .
1	leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends
1	the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends
3	the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt ,
2	the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt
2	the same way you came --
2	the same way you came
2	the same way
2	same way
2	you came
3	a few tasty morsels under your belt
3	a few tasty morsels
2	few tasty morsels
3	tasty morsels
3	under your belt
2	your belt
2	but no new friends
1	no new friends
3	new friends
1	It 's depressing to see how far Herzog has fallen .
1	's depressing to see how far Herzog has fallen .
0	's depressing to see how far Herzog has fallen
0	depressing to see how far Herzog has fallen
1	to see how far Herzog has fallen
2	see how far Herzog has fallen
1	how far Herzog has fallen
2	how far
1	Herzog has fallen
1	has fallen
2	The question hanging over The Time Machine is not , as the main character suggests , ` what if ? '
2	The question hanging over The Time Machine
2	The question
2	hanging over The Time Machine
2	over The Time Machine
2	The Time Machine
2	Time Machine
2	is not , as the main character suggests , ` what if ? '
2	is not , as the main character suggests , ` what if ?
2	is not , as the main character suggests , ` what if
1	is not
2	, as the main character suggests , ` what if
3	as the main character suggests , ` what if
2	the main character suggests , ` what if
2	the main character
2	main character
2	suggests , ` what if
2	suggests , `
2	suggests ,
2	what if
0	but rather , ` How can you charge money for this ? '
2	but rather
0	, ` How can you charge money for this ? '
1	` How can you charge money for this ? '
0	How can you charge money for this ? '
2	How can you
2	can you
1	charge money for this ? '
0	charge money for this ?
2	charge money for this
2	money for this
2	for this
1	Millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .
2	Millions of dollars
2	of dollars
3	heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .
2	heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry
2	upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry
2	a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry
2	a project of such vast proportions
2	a project
2	of such vast proportions
2	such vast proportions
2	vast proportions
1	need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry
2	to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry
2	reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry
3	reap more rewards
2	more rewards
3	than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry
3	spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry
3	spiffy bluescreen technique and
3	spiffy bluescreen technique
2	bluescreen technique
3	stylish weaponry
1	`` Freaky Friday , '' it 's not .
1	Freaky Friday , '' it 's not .
2	Freaky Friday
2	, '' it 's not .
2	'' it 's not .
2	it 's not .
2	's not .
2	's not
1	Perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .
0	a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .
2	a better celebration of these unfairly
3	a better celebration
3	better celebration
2	of these unfairly
2	these unfairly
0	dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .
1	dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
1	heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
0	would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
1	be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
2	a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
2	a film
0	that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
0	is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
1	is n't
0	this painfully forced , false and fabricated
0	painfully forced , false and fabricated
1	painfully forced ,
1	painfully forced
1	false and fabricated
1	false and
1	Although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .
2	Although no pastry is violated
3	no pastry is violated
2	no pastry
1	is violated
0	, this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .
0	this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .
1	this nasty comedy
1	nasty comedy
1	pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .
1	pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success
2	pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables --
2	fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables --
1	at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables --
2	the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables --
1	the same easy targets
1	same easy targets
2	easy targets
0	as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables --
1	other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables --
2	other rowdy raunch-fests
2	rowdy raunch-fests
1	-- farts , boobs , unmentionables --
2	farts , boobs , unmentionables --
2	farts , boobs , unmentionables
1	farts , boobs ,
1	farts , boobs
2	farts ,
1	without much success
2	much success
2	In this film , Aussie David Caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of Guy Ritchie .
2	In this film
2	this film
2	, Aussie David Caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of Guy Ritchie .
1	Aussie David Caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of Guy Ritchie .
2	Aussie David Caesar
2	David Caesar
2	channels the not-quite-dead career of Guy Ritchie .
2	channels the not-quite-dead career of Guy Ritchie
2	the not-quite-dead career of Guy Ritchie
2	the not-quite-dead career
2	not-quite-dead career
3	of Guy Ritchie
2	Guy Ritchie
0	Maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
1	Maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back
2	Maybe you 'll be lucky , and
2	Maybe you 'll be lucky ,
2	Maybe you 'll be lucky
2	you 'll be lucky
2	'll be lucky
2	be lucky
0	there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back
0	'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back
0	be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back
2	be a power outage during your screening
2	be a power outage
2	a power outage
2	power outage
2	during your screening
2	your screening
1	so you can get your money back
2	you can get your money back
0	can get your money back
1	get your money back
2	get your money
2	your money
1	The characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of Scooter .
2	The characterizations and dialogue
2	The characterizations and
2	The characterizations
1	lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of Scooter .
1	lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of Scooter
0	lack depth or complexity ,
1	lack depth or complexity
1	depth or complexity
2	depth or
2	with the ironic exception of Scooter
2	the ironic exception of Scooter
2	the ironic exception
2	ironic exception
2	of Scooter
2	This film was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers .
2	This film
1	was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers .
2	was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers
1	made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers
2	by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers
2	by and
2	for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers
2	those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers
2	those folks
2	who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers
2	collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers
2	collect the serial killer cards and
2	collect the serial killer cards
2	the serial killer cards
2	serial killer cards
2	killer cards
3	are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers
2	fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers
2	by the mere suggestion of serial killers
3	the mere suggestion of serial killers
2	the mere suggestion
2	mere suggestion
2	of serial killers
2	serial killers
0	For the rest of us , sitting through Dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
2	For the rest of us
2	the rest of us
2	the rest
2	of us
0	, sitting through Dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
0	sitting through Dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
1	sitting through Dahmer 's two hours
1	through Dahmer 's two hours
2	Dahmer 's two hours
2	Dahmer 's
2	two hours
1	amounts to little more than punishment .
1	amounts to little more than punishment
1	to little more than punishment
1	little more than punishment
2	more than punishment
2	than punishment
2	Narc can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself .
2	can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself .
1	can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself
2	can only
2	remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself
3	remind us of brilliant crime dramas
3	us of brilliant crime dramas
3	of brilliant crime dramas
4	brilliant crime dramas
2	crime dramas
2	without becoming one itself
2	becoming one itself
2	one itself
1	Somewhere inside the mess that is World Traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
1	Somewhere inside the mess that is World Traveler
1	inside the mess that is World Traveler
1	the mess that is World Traveler
1	the mess
2	that is World Traveler
2	is World Traveler
2	World Traveler
0	, there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
1	there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
2	is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
1	is a mediocre movie trying to get out
1	a mediocre movie trying to get out
1	a mediocre movie
1	mediocre movie
3	trying to get out
2	to get out
1	get out
2	A tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship .
1	A tedious
2	parable about honesty and good sportsmanship .
3	parable about honesty and good sportsmanship
2	about honesty and good sportsmanship
3	honesty and good sportsmanship
3	honesty and
3	good sportsmanship
2	Its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film .
2	Its strengths and weaknesses
2	strengths and weaknesses
3	strengths and
1	play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film .
2	play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film
1	play off each other virtually to a stand-off ,
1	play off each other virtually to a stand-off
2	play off
2	each other virtually to a stand-off
3	each other virtually
2	other virtually
2	to a stand-off
2	a stand-off
1	with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film
1	the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film
2	unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film
1	trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film
1	card being the dreary mid-section of the film
1	being the dreary mid-section of the film
2	the dreary mid-section of the film
2	the dreary mid-section
1	dreary mid-section
2	of the film
2	the film
1	An artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike .
1	An artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike
2	An artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill
2	An artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out
2	An artful yet depressing film
2	artful yet depressing film
1	yet depressing film
1	yet depressing
2	that makes a melodramatic mountain out
2	makes a melodramatic mountain out
3	makes a melodramatic mountain
2	a melodramatic mountain
3	melodramatic mountain
2	of the molehill
1	the molehill
2	of a missing bike
2	a missing bike
2	missing bike
0	The movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director Michel Gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .
1	The movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director Michel Gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness
1	The movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but
1	The movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite ,
1	The movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite
2	The movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves --
2	The movie 's
2	movie 's
3	ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves --
2	point -- that everyone should be themselves --
2	-- that everyone should be themselves --
2	that everyone should be themselves --
2	that everyone should be themselves
2	everyone should be themselves
3	should be themselves
1	be themselves
1	is trite
1	the screenwriter and director Michel Gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness
2	the screenwriter and director Michel Gondry
2	the screenwriter and
2	the screenwriter
2	director Michel Gondry
2	Michel Gondry
2	restate it to the point of ridiculousness
2	restate it
0	to the point of ridiculousness
0	the point of ridiculousness
2	the point
1	of ridiculousness
2	A glossy knock-off of a B-movie revenge flick .
1	A glossy knock-off of a B-movie revenge
0	A glossy knock-off
1	glossy knock-off
2	of a B-movie revenge
1	a B-movie revenge
2	B-movie revenge
2	flick .
1	... expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape .
0	expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape .
0	expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape
1	the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape
2	the horizons
0	of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape
0	boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape
0	boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness ,
0	boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness
1	boredom to the point of collapse ,
0	boredom to the point of collapse
0	boredom to the point
2	to the point
2	the point
2	of collapse
1	turning into a black hole of dullness
0	into a black hole of dullness
0	a black hole of dullness
1	a black hole
2	black hole
2	of dullness
1	from which no interesting concept can escape
2	from which
1	no interesting concept can escape
0	no interesting concept
3	interesting concept
2	can escape
2	It 's just plain boring .
2	's just plain boring .
0	's just plain boring
2	's just
3	plain boring
1	Sad nonsense , this .
1	Sad nonsense , this
1	Sad nonsense ,
0	Sad nonsense
3	But not without cheesy fun factor .
3	not without cheesy fun factor .
3	without cheesy fun factor .
1	without cheesy fun factor
3	cheesy fun factor
3	fun factor
1	One of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .
0	One of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
1	of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
0	those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
2	those decades-spanning historical epics
2	decades-spanning historical epics
2	historical epics
2	that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
1	strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
3	strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but
2	strives to be intimate and socially encompassing
3	to be intimate and socially encompassing
4	be intimate and socially encompassing
4	intimate and socially encompassing
2	intimate and
3	socially encompassing
1	fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
1	to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
3	do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
3	do justice
1	to either effort in three hours of screen time
2	either effort in three hours of screen time
2	either effort
2	in three hours of screen time
2	three hours of screen time
2	three hours
2	of screen time
2	screen time
2	Really dumb but occasionally really funny .
3	Really dumb but occasionally really funny
1	dumb but occasionally really funny
1	dumb but occasionally
2	dumb but
4	really funny
1	The movie wavers between Hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .
2	The movie
2	wavers between Hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .
1	wavers between Hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial
1	between Hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial
2	Hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial
1	Hallmark card sentimentality and
1	Hallmark card sentimentality
2	card sentimentality
2	goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial
3	goofy , life-affirming moments
3	, life-affirming moments
3	life-affirming moments
1	straight out of a cellular phone commercial
1	out of a cellular phone commercial
2	of a cellular phone commercial
1	a cellular phone commercial
2	cellular phone commercial
2	phone commercial
1	The director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .
1	The director 's many dodges and turns
2	The director 's
2	director 's
2	many dodges and turns
2	dodges and turns
2	dodges and
0	add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .
0	add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff
2	add up
1	to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff
0	little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff
2	little more than a screenful of gamesmanship
2	little more
2	than a screenful of gamesmanship
2	a screenful of gamesmanship
2	a screenful
2	of gamesmanship
1	that 's low on both suspense and payoff
1	's low on both suspense and payoff
1	low on both suspense and payoff
3	on both suspense and payoff
2	both suspense and payoff
2	suspense and payoff
2	suspense and
1	While the transgressive trappings -LRB- especially the frank sex scenes -RRB- ensure that the film is never dull , Rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
3	While the transgressive trappings -LRB- especially the frank sex scenes -RRB- ensure that the film is never dull
2	the transgressive trappings -LRB- especially the frank sex scenes -RRB- ensure that the film is never dull
2	the transgressive
3	trappings -LRB- especially the frank sex scenes -RRB- ensure that the film is never dull
3	-LRB- especially the frank sex scenes -RRB- ensure that the film is never dull
4	especially the frank sex scenes -RRB- ensure that the film is never dull
2	especially the frank sex scenes
2	the frank sex scenes
2	frank sex scenes
2	sex scenes
3	-RRB- ensure that the film is never dull
3	ensure that the film is never dull
3	that the film is never dull
4	the film is never dull
2	the film
3	is never dull
2	is never
1	, Rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
1	Rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
2	Rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor
3	Rodrigues 's
2	beast-within metaphor
0	is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
1	is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative
1	is ultimately rather silly and overwrought ,
2	is ultimately rather silly and overwrought
3	is ultimately
2	rather silly and overwrought
1	silly and overwrought
1	silly and
0	making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative
1	the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative
2	the ambiguous ending
1	ambiguous ending
1	seem goofy rather than provocative
1	seem goofy
1	rather than provocative
2	than provocative
0	The satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .
2	The satire
0	is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .
1	is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere
1	is unfocused ,
1	is unfocused
1	while the story goes nowhere
1	the story goes nowhere
2	the story
2	goes nowhere
1	They threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
1	threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
1	threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
2	threw loads of money
2	loads of money
2	of money
1	at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
1	an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
2	an idea
1	that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
1	should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
2	've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
2	been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
2	been so much more
3	so much more
2	much more
2	even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
2	if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
1	it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
2	was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
1	was only
2	made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
2	for teenage boys and wrestling fans
2	teenage boys and wrestling fans
2	boys and wrestling fans
2	and wrestling fans
2	wrestling fans
0	It 's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of Action Man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of -LRB- Woo 's -RRB- best work .
0	's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of Action Man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of -LRB- Woo 's -RRB- best work .
0	's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of Action Man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of -LRB- Woo 's -RRB- best work
1	mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of Action Man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of -LRB- Woo 's -RRB- best work
1	mired in a shabby script
0	in a shabby script
0	a shabby script
1	shabby script
2	that piles layer upon layer of Action Man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of -LRB- Woo 's -RRB- best work
0	piles layer upon layer of Action Man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of -LRB- Woo 's -RRB- best work
1	layer upon layer of Action Man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of -LRB- Woo 's -RRB- best work
1	upon layer of Action Man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of -LRB- Woo 's -RRB- best work
1	layer of Action Man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of -LRB- Woo 's -RRB- best work
0	layer of Action Man cliché atop wooden dialogue and
1	layer of Action Man cliché atop wooden dialogue
1	of Action Man cliché atop wooden dialogue
1	Action Man cliché atop wooden dialogue
0	Action Man cliché
1	Man cliché
1	atop wooden dialogue
1	wooden dialogue
0	a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of -LRB- Woo 's -RRB- best work
2	a shifting tone
2	shifting tone
1	that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of -LRB- Woo 's -RRB- best work
1	falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of -LRB- Woo 's -RRB- best work
0	falls far short
1	far short
3	of the peculiarly moral amorality of -LRB- Woo 's -RRB- best work
4	the peculiarly moral amorality of -LRB- Woo 's -RRB- best work
2	the peculiarly moral amorality
1	peculiarly moral amorality
2	peculiarly moral
3	of -LRB- Woo 's -RRB- best work
2	of -LRB- Woo 's -RRB-
2	-LRB- Woo 's -RRB-
2	Woo 's -RRB-
2	Woo 's
4	best work
1	Reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script
2	Reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but
3	Reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer ,
3	Reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer
2	Reyes ' directorial debut
2	Reyes '
2	directorial debut
2	has good things to offer
3	good things to offer
2	things to offer
2	to offer
1	ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script
1	it 's undone by a sloppy script
1	's undone by a sloppy script
1	undone by a sloppy script
1	by a sloppy script
1	a sloppy script
1	sloppy script
0	If you 're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .
1	If you 're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 , and have a driver 's license
2	you 're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 , and have a driver 's license
1	're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 , and have a driver 's license
2	're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 , and
1	're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 ,
2	're over 25 , have an IQ over 90
2	're over 25 ,
3	're over 25
2	over 25
2	have an IQ over 90
2	an IQ over 90
2	an IQ
2	over 90
2	have a driver 's license
2	a driver 's license
2	a driver 's
2	driver 's
1	, you should be able to find better entertainment .
0	you should be able to find better entertainment .
2	should be able to find better entertainment .
1	should be able to find better entertainment
1	be able to find better entertainment
2	able to find better entertainment
1	to find better entertainment
2	find better entertainment
3	better entertainment
1	The darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil .
1	The darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil
1	The darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and
1	The darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters
1	The darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence
2	The darker elements
2	darker elements
1	of misogyny and unprovoked violence
1	misogyny and unprovoked violence
1	misogyny and unprovoked
2	misogyny and
1	suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters
2	the illumination created by the two daughters
2	the illumination
2	created by the two daughters
2	by the two daughters
2	the two daughters
2	two daughters
2	the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil
1	the sparse instances of humor
2	the sparse instances
1	sparse instances
2	of humor
2	meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil
1	to shine through the gloomy film noir veil
3	shine through the gloomy film noir veil
1	through the gloomy film noir veil
1	the gloomy film noir veil
1	gloomy film noir veil
2	film noir veil
1	noir veil
2	... the picture 's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine .
1	the picture 's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine .
2	the picture 's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine
4	the picture 's cleverness
2	the picture 's
2	picture 's
0	is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine
2	is ironically
1	muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine
2	by the very people who are intended to make it shine
1	the very people who are intended to make it shine
2	the very people
3	very people
2	who are intended to make it shine
2	are intended to make it shine
3	intended to make it shine
3	to make it shine
3	make it shine
3	it shine
1	Never does `` Lilo & Stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan . ''
2	does `` Lilo & Stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan . ''
3	does `` Lilo & Stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan .
2	does `` Lilo & Stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan
2	`` Lilo & Stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan
4	Lilo & Stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan
2	Lilo & Stitch
2	Lilo &
3	'' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan
3	reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan
3	the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan
3	the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even
3	the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or
3	the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past ,
4	the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past
2	the emotion or timelessness
2	emotion or timelessness
2	emotion or
3	of Disney 's great past
3	Disney 's great past
2	Disney 's
3	great past
2	that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan
2	of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan
2	more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan
3	more recent successes
3	recent successes
2	such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan
2	as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan
2	`` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan
2	Mulan '' or `` Tarzan
2	Mulan '' or ``
2	Mulan '' or
2	Mulan ''
1	One of those so-so films that could have been much better .
1	One of those so-so films that could have been much better
1	of those so-so films that could have been much better
1	those so-so films that could have been much better
2	those so-so films
2	so-so films
1	that could have been much better
1	could have been much better
3	have been much better
1	been much better
3	much better
0	Crossroads feels like a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .
0	feels like a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .
1	feels like a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama
1	like a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama
1	a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama
1	a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and
1	a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo
3	a teenybopper Ed Wood film ,
2	a teenybopper Ed Wood film
2	teenybopper Ed Wood film
2	Ed Wood film
2	Wood film
1	replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo
1	replete with the pubescent scandalous
1	with the pubescent scandalous
2	the pubescent scandalous
2	pubescent scandalous
2	the high-strung but flaccid drama
1	high-strung but flaccid drama
2	high-strung but flaccid
2	high-strung but
1	Fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .
1	Fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor
2	to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor
1	satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor
3	exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor
2	its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor
2	its gender politics , genre thrills or
3	its gender politics , genre thrills
2	its gender politics ,
2	its gender politics
1	gender politics
3	genre thrills
2	inherent humor
1	Interview With the Assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its Blair Witch Project real-time roots .
1	Interview With the Assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its Blair Witch Project real-time roots
3	Interview With the Assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and
1	Interview With the Assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic ,
2	Interview With the Assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic
1	With the Assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic
2	With the Assassin
2	the Assassin
3	is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic
3	structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic
3	less as a documentary and more as a found relic
2	as a documentary and more as a found relic
2	a documentary and more as a found relic
2	a documentary and
2	a documentary
2	more as a found relic
2	more as a
2	as a
2	found relic
1	as such the film has a difficult time shaking its Blair Witch Project real-time roots
2	as such the film
2	such the film
2	the film
1	has a difficult time shaking its Blair Witch Project real-time roots
1	a difficult time shaking its Blair Witch Project real-time roots
1	a difficult time
2	difficult time
2	shaking its Blair Witch Project real-time roots
2	its Blair Witch Project real-time roots
2	Blair Witch Project real-time roots
3	Witch Project real-time roots
2	Project real-time roots
2	real-time roots
1	Cacoyannis ' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .
2	Cacoyannis ' vision
2	Cacoyannis '
1	is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .
1	is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts
2	is far less mature ,
1	is far less mature
2	is far
3	less mature
2	interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts
1	interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy
2	interpreting the play
2	the play
1	as a call for pity and sympathy
2	a call for pity and sympathy
2	a call
2	for pity and sympathy
2	pity and sympathy
1	pity and
2	for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts
3	anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts
2	anachronistic phantasms
2	haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts
1	the imagined glory of their own pasts
2	the imagined glory
2	imagined glory
2	of their own pasts
2	their own pasts
2	own pasts
1	It has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .
0	has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .
1	has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline
0	more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline
2	more in common with a fireworks
2	more in common
2	in common
2	with a fireworks
3	a fireworks
1	display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline
1	than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline
1	a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline
2	a movie ,
2	a movie
2	which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline
2	normally is expected to have characters and a storyline
2	is expected to have characters and a storyline
2	expected to have characters and a storyline
2	to have characters and a storyline
2	have characters and a storyline
2	characters and a storyline
2	characters and
2	a storyline
0	It appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
0	appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
0	appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
0	to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
0	have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
1	been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
0	made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
1	by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
1	people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
1	to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
2	to whom
1	the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
2	the idea of narrative logic or cohesion
2	the idea
2	of narrative logic or cohesion
2	narrative logic or cohesion
2	logic or cohesion
2	logic or
1	is an entirely foreign concept
2	an entirely foreign concept
2	entirely foreign concept
2	entirely foreign
2	Less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice Belgian waffle .
1	Less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice Belgian waffle
3	a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice Belgian waffle
3	a heartfelt appeal
3	heartfelt appeal
2	for the handicapped than a nice Belgian waffle
1	the handicapped than a nice Belgian waffle
2	the handicapped
2	than a nice Belgian waffle
3	a nice Belgian waffle
3	nice Belgian waffle
2	Belgian waffle
1	It 's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .
1	's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .
1	's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
2	's not
1	helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
1	to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
2	listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
1	listen to extremist name-calling ,
1	listen to extremist name-calling
1	to extremist name-calling
2	extremist name-calling
2	regardless of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
2	of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
1	whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
2	you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
2	think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
2	Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
2	was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
1	a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
2	a calculating fiend or just
1	a calculating fiend or
1	a calculating fiend
3	calculating fiend
2	a slippery self-promoter
1	slippery self-promoter
1	Abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .
1	spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .
2	spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed
0	90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed
2	90 minutes
1	trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed
2	trying figure out
2	trying figure
2	whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed
1	whether or not
2	whether or
2	some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed
1	some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid
2	cocky pseudo-intellectual kid
1	pseudo-intellectual kid
1	has intentionally left college or was killed
2	has intentionally left college or
2	has intentionally left college
2	has intentionally
2	left college
2	was killed
0	The only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
1	The only problem
2	only problem
1	is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
0	is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care
0	that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care
0	, by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care
2	, by the end ,
2	by the end ,
2	by the end
2	the end
1	no one in the audience or the film seems to really care
2	no one in the audience or the film
2	no one
2	in the audience or the film
2	the audience or the film
2	the audience or
2	the audience
2	the film
3	seems to really care
3	to really care
2	really care
4	No Such Thing is sort of a minimalist Beauty and the Beast , but in this case the Beast should definitely get top billing .
2	No Such Thing is sort of a minimalist Beauty and the Beast , but in this case the Beast should definitely get top billing
2	No Such Thing is sort of a minimalist Beauty and the Beast , but
2	No Such Thing is sort of a minimalist Beauty and the Beast ,
2	No Such Thing is sort of a minimalist Beauty and the Beast
2	No Such Thing
2	Such Thing
2	is sort of a minimalist Beauty and the Beast
2	sort of a minimalist Beauty and the Beast
2	of a minimalist Beauty and the Beast
1	a minimalist Beauty and the Beast
3	a minimalist Beauty and
3	a minimalist Beauty
2	minimalist Beauty
2	the Beast
2	in this case the Beast should definitely get top billing
2	in this case
2	this case
3	the Beast should definitely get top billing
2	the Beast
3	should definitely get top billing
2	should definitely
3	get top billing
3	top billing
3	Robert John Burke as The Monster horns in and steals the show .
2	Robert John Burke as The Monster
2	Robert John Burke
2	John Burke
2	as The Monster
2	The Monster
2	horns in and steals the show .
2	horns in and steals the show
2	horns in and
2	horns in
3	steals the show
2	the show
0	Due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer .
1	Due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue
1	to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue
0	stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue
1	, soap opera-ish dialogue
1	soap opera-ish dialogue
1	opera-ish dialogue
0	, the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer .
1	the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer .
2	the rest of the cast
2	the rest
2	of the cast
2	the cast
0	comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer .
0	comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer
2	comes across
1	as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer
1	stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer
2	stick figures
1	reading lines from a TelePrompTer
1	reading lines
2	from a TelePrompTer
2	a TelePrompTer
1	-LRB- T -RRB- he film is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .
2	-LRB- T -RRB- he film
2	-LRB- T -RRB-
2	T -RRB-
2	he film
1	is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .
2	is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation
2	is never
3	sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation
2	to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation
2	make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation
3	make a clear point --
3	make a clear point
4	a clear point
3	clear point
2	even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation
2	if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation
1	it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation
1	seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation
2	to rely on an ambiguous presentation
1	rely on an ambiguous presentation
2	on an ambiguous presentation
2	an ambiguous presentation
2	ambiguous presentation
3	While it may not add up to the sum of its parts , Holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .
1	While it may not add up to the sum of its parts
2	it may not add up to the sum of its parts
1	may not add up to the sum of its parts
1	may not
2	add up to the sum of its parts
2	add up
2	to the sum of its parts
2	the sum of its parts
3	the sum
2	of its parts
2	its parts
2	, Holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .
2	Holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .
3	Holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often
3	Holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and
2	Holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded ,
2	Holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded
2	Holofcener 's film
2	Holofcener 's
3	offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded
3	just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded
3	enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded
2	insight to keep it from being simpleminded
2	to keep it from being simpleminded
3	keep it from being simpleminded
2	keep it
2	from being simpleminded
1	being simpleminded
3	the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often
2	the ensemble cast
3	ensemble cast
3	is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often
3	engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often
3	engaging enough
2	to keep you from shifting in your chair too often
2	keep you from shifting in your chair too often
2	keep you
2	from shifting in your chair too often
1	shifting in your chair too often
2	shifting in your chair
2	in your chair
2	your chair
2	too often
2	An overwrought Taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship .
1	An overwrought Taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship
1	An overwrought Taiwanese soaper
1	overwrought Taiwanese soaper
2	Taiwanese soaper
2	about three people and their mixed-up relationship
2	three people and their mixed-up relationship
2	three people and
2	three people
2	their mixed-up relationship
3	mixed-up relationship
0	Nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .
0	seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .
1	seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release
0	to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release
0	have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release
0	cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release
1	cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting
1	cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay
1	much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay
2	about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay
2	about any aspect of it ,
2	about any aspect of it
2	any aspect of it
2	any aspect
2	of it
1	from its cheesy screenplay
1	its cheesy screenplay
1	cheesy screenplay
1	to the grayish quality of its lighting
2	the grayish quality of its lighting
2	the grayish quality
1	grayish quality
2	of its lighting
2	its lighting
1	to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release
2	its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release
2	last-minute , haphazard theatrical release
1	, haphazard theatrical release
1	haphazard theatrical release
2	theatrical release
0	A thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` The Thing ' and a geriatric ` Scream . '
0	A thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` The Thing ' and a geriatric
0	A thoroughly awful movie --
0	A thoroughly awful movie
0	thoroughly awful movie
0	thoroughly awful
0	dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` The Thing ' and a geriatric
0	dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam
0	dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ...
0	dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy
0	dumb , narratively chaotic ,
0	dumb , narratively chaotic
1	dumb ,
2	narratively chaotic
1	visually sloppy
2	a weird amalgam
1	weird amalgam
2	of ` The Thing ' and a geriatric
2	` The Thing ' and a geriatric
1	The Thing ' and a geriatric
2	The Thing
2	' and a geriatric
2	' and
1	a geriatric
2	` Scream . '
2	Scream . '
2	Scream .
1	... another example of how Sandler is losing his touch .
2	another example of how Sandler is losing his touch .
1	another example of how Sandler is losing his touch
2	another example
1	of how Sandler is losing his touch
1	how Sandler is losing his touch
1	Sandler is losing his touch
1	is losing his touch
1	losing his touch
2	his touch
0	Nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .
1	sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .
0	sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
2	sticks , really ,
2	sticks , really
2	sticks ,
1	except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
2	a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
1	a lingering creepiness one
1	lingering creepiness one
2	creepiness one
1	feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
0	from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
1	being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
1	dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
1	through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
2	a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
1	a sad , sordid universe
1	sad , sordid universe
1	, sordid universe
1	sordid universe
2	of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
2	guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
2	, drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
2	drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
1	, avarice and damaged dreams
1	avarice and damaged dreams
1	and damaged dreams
2	damaged dreams
1	What goes on for the 110 minutes of `` Panic Room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .
1	What goes on for the 110 minutes of `` Panic Room ''
1	goes on for the 110 minutes of `` Panic Room ''
2	goes on
2	for the 110 minutes of `` Panic Room ''
2	the 110 minutes of `` Panic Room ''
2	the 110 minutes
2	110 minutes
2	of `` Panic Room ''
2	of `` Panic Room
2	of ``
2	Panic Room
2	is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .
1	is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals
1	a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals
2	a battle
2	of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals
1	witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals
1	witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and
2	witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter
2	between a not-so-bright mother and daughter
1	a not-so-bright mother and daughter
1	not-so-bright mother and daughter
2	mother and daughter
2	mother and
1	an even less capable trio of criminals
0	an even less capable trio
1	even less capable trio
1	even less capable
1	less capable
3	of criminals
1	The plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .
2	The plot 's contrivances
2	The plot 's
2	plot 's
1	are uncomfortably strained .
1	are uncomfortably strained
1	uncomfortably strained
0	Guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it 's not scary in the slightest .
0	Guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this
1	of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this
0	the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this
1	the worst sin
1	worst sin
2	of attributable to a movie like this
3	attributable to a movie like this
2	to a movie like this
2	a movie like this
2	a movie
2	like this
0	: it 's not scary in the slightest .
1	it 's not scary in the slightest .
1	it 's not scary in the slightest
1	's not scary in the slightest
2	's not
2	scary in the slightest
2	in the slightest
2	the slightest
1	Schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ...
2	bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ...
0	bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs
2	bounces around with limp wrists ,
1	bounces around with limp wrists
2	bounces around
2	with limp wrists
2	limp wrists
2	wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs
2	wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and
2	wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger
2	wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers ,
2	wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers
2	tight tummy tops and hip huggers
2	tummy tops and hip huggers
2	tops and hip huggers
2	and hip huggers
2	hip huggers
2	twirling his hair on his finger
2	twirling his hair
2	his hair
2	on his finger
2	his finger
2	assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs
3	that 's enough to sustain laughs
3	's enough to sustain laughs
3	enough to sustain laughs
3	to sustain laughs
3	sustain laughs
1	Its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .
2	Its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare
2	Its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but
2	Its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously ,
1	Its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously
2	Its simplicity
1	puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously
3	puts an exclamation point on the fact
3	puts an exclamation point
4	an exclamation point
2	exclamation point
2	on the fact
2	the fact
1	that this is n't something to be taken seriously
2	this is n't something to be taken seriously
1	is n't something to be taken seriously
1	is n't
3	something to be taken seriously
3	to be taken seriously
2	be taken seriously
3	taken seriously
0	it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare
1	also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare
1	wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare
2	any chance of the movie rising above similar fare
2	any chance
2	of the movie rising above similar fare
3	the movie rising above similar fare
2	the movie
3	rising above similar fare
2	above similar fare
2	similar fare
1	By the final whistle you 're convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic .
2	By the final whistle
2	the final whistle
1	final whistle
1	you 're convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic .
1	're convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic .
1	're convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic
1	convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic
1	that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic
2	this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic
2	this Mean Machine
2	Mean Machine
2	was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic
2	a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic
3	a decent TV outing
3	decent TV outing
2	TV outing
1	that just does n't have big screen magic
1	just does n't have big screen magic
1	does n't have big screen magic
1	does n't
2	have big screen magic
4	big screen magic
4	screen magic
0	To say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .
1	To say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful
1	say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful
1	that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful
0	this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful
2	this vapid vehicle
1	vapid vehicle
0	is downright doltish and uneventful
2	downright doltish and uneventful
1	doltish and uneventful
1	doltish and
1	is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .
0	is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor
1	is just as obvious as telling a country skunk
2	is just
1	as obvious as telling a country skunk
1	obvious as telling a country skunk
1	as telling a country skunk
2	telling a country skunk
1	a country skunk
2	country skunk
2	that he has severe body odor
0	he has severe body odor
0	has severe body odor
0	severe body odor
2	body odor
0	A film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .
1	A film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun
2	A film
0	of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun
1	empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun
0	empty , fetishistic violence
1	, fetishistic violence
1	fetishistic violence
2	in which murder is casual and fun
2	in which
2	murder is casual and fun
3	is casual and fun
4	casual and fun
2	casual and
1	Pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .
1	Pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away
2	it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away
2	's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away
2	a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away
2	a werewolf itself
2	a werewolf
2	by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away
1	avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away
1	avoiding eye contact and
2	avoiding eye contact
2	eye contact
2	walking slowly away
2	slowly away
3	It 's fun , but it 's a real howler .
3	It 's fun , but it 's a real howler
2	It 's fun , but
3	It 's fun ,
4	It 's fun
3	's fun
2	it 's a real howler
2	's a real howler
3	a real howler
2	real howler
1	Some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .
2	Some fine
1	acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .
1	acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being
2	acting , but ultimately
2	, but ultimately
2	, but
0	a movie with no reason for being
2	a movie
1	with no reason for being
1	no reason for being
2	no reason
2	for being
1	It 's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
0	's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
1	's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting
1	difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting
1	to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting
1	feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting
1	feel anything much while watching this movie ,
2	feel anything much while watching this movie
2	feel anything much while
2	feel anything
2	much while
2	watching this movie
2	this movie
1	beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting
1	mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting
1	mild disturbance or detached pleasure
1	disturbance or detached pleasure
2	or detached pleasure
2	detached pleasure
2	at the acting
2	the acting
1	A waterlogged version of ` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .
1	A waterlogged version of ` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads
1	A waterlogged version of ` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ...
1	A waterlogged version of ` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set
2	A waterlogged version
2	waterlogged version
1	of ` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set
1	` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set
2	Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set
2	Fatal Attraction '
2	Fatal Attraction
2	for the teeny-bopper set
1	the teeny-bopper set
1	teeny-bopper set
0	a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads
0	a sad , soggy potboiler
1	sad , soggy potboiler
0	, soggy potboiler
1	soggy potboiler
0	that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads
0	wastes the talents of its attractive young leads
3	the talents of its attractive young leads
2	the talents
3	of its attractive young leads
3	its attractive young leads
3	attractive young leads
2	young leads
2	It tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did .
0	tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did .
1	tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did
2	tells its story in a flat manner and
1	tells its story in a flat manner
2	tells its story
2	its story
1	in a flat manner
2	a flat manner
1	flat manner
1	leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did
2	leaves you
1	with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did
2	the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did
2	the impression
1	that you should have gotten more out of it than you did
2	you should have gotten more out of it than you did
1	should have gotten more out of it than you did
2	have gotten more out of it than you did
2	gotten more out of it than you did
2	gotten more out of it
2	gotten more out
2	more out
2	of it
2	than you did
2	you did
1	Sweet gentle Jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?
3	Sweet gentle Jesus
3	gentle Jesus
1	, did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?
0	did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?
2	did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history
1	did the screenwriters just
2	the screenwriters just
2	screenwriters just
2	do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history
1	a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history
1	a cut-and-paste
1	of every bad action-movie line in history
0	every bad action-movie line in history
1	every bad action-movie line
1	bad action-movie line
2	action-movie line
2	in history
2	It 's not the worst comedy of the year , but it certainly wo n't win any honors .
1	It 's not the worst comedy of the year , but it certainly wo n't win any honors
1	It 's not the worst comedy of the year , but
2	It 's not the worst comedy of the year ,
1	It 's not the worst comedy of the year
3	's not the worst comedy of the year
2	's not
0	the worst comedy of the year
0	the worst comedy
0	worst comedy
2	of the year
2	the year
1	it certainly wo n't win any honors
1	certainly wo n't win any honors
2	wo n't win any honors
2	wo n't
2	win any honors
2	any honors
1	This is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .
1	is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .
2	is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm
0	for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm
1	the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm
0	the most part a useless movie , even with
1	the most part a useless movie , even
0	the most part a useless movie ,
1	the most part a useless movie
2	the most part
2	most part
0	a useless movie
0	useless movie
3	a great director at the helm
3	a great director
4	great director
3	at the helm
2	the helm
0	A loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the TV series .
1	A loud , witless mess that
0	A loud , witless mess
1	loud , witless mess
1	, witless mess
0	witless mess
0	has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the TV series .
0	has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the TV series
2	none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the TV series
1	none of the charm and little
3	of the charm and little
3	the charm and little
2	charm and little
2	charm and
2	of the intrigue from the TV series
3	the intrigue from the TV series
2	the intrigue
2	from the TV series
2	the TV series
2	TV series
0	Even on its own ludicrous terms , The Sum of All Fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series .
2	Even on its own ludicrous terms
2	on its own ludicrous terms
1	its own ludicrous terms
2	own ludicrous terms
1	ludicrous terms
1	, The Sum of All Fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series .
0	The Sum of All Fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series .
2	The Sum of All Fears
2	The Sum
2	of All Fears
2	All Fears
1	generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series .
0	generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series
1	generates little narrative momentum , and
1	generates little narrative momentum ,
1	generates little narrative momentum
1	little narrative momentum
2	narrative momentum
1	invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series
1	invites unflattering comparisons
1	unflattering comparisons
2	to other installments in the Ryan series
2	other installments in the Ryan series
2	other installments
2	in the Ryan series
2	the Ryan series
2	Ryan series
2	Though it inspires some -LRB- out-of-field -RRB- creative thought , the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract .
3	Though it inspires some -LRB- out-of-field -RRB- creative thought
2	it inspires some -LRB- out-of-field -RRB- creative thought
4	inspires some -LRB- out-of-field -RRB- creative thought
3	some -LRB- out-of-field -RRB- creative thought
2	some -LRB- out-of-field -RRB-
2	-LRB- out-of-field -RRB-
2	out-of-field -RRB-
3	creative thought
1	, the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract .
2	the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract .
2	the film
2	is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract .
2	is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract
1	is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage
1	is -- to its own detriment -- much
1	-- to its own detriment -- much
2	-- to its own detriment --
1	to its own detriment --
1	to its own detriment
1	its own detriment
2	own detriment
1	more a cinematic collage
2	a cinematic collage
2	cinematic collage
2	than a polemical tract
1	a polemical tract
1	polemical tract
0	As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game , Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .
1	As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game , Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved
0	As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game , Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and
0	As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game , Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre ,
1	As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game , Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre
0	As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game
1	predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game
2	as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game
2	the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game
2	the outcome
2	of a Globetrotters-Generals game
2	a Globetrotters-Generals game
2	Globetrotters-Generals game
1	, Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre
1	Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre
3	Juwanna Mann
1	is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre
2	is even more ludicrous
0	even more ludicrous
2	more ludicrous
2	than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre
2	you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre
2	'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre
1	expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre
1	from the guy-in-a-dress genre
3	the guy-in-a-dress genre
2	guy-in-a-dress genre
0	a personal low for everyone involved
1	a personal low for everyone
0	a personal low
1	personal low
3	for everyone
2	Sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist Japanese jokes .
1	Sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist Japanese jokes
1	Sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash
2	into the usual cafeteria goulash
1	the usual cafeteria goulash
2	usual cafeteria goulash
1	cafeteria goulash
0	of fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist Japanese jokes
1	fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist Japanese jokes
1	fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and
1	fart jokes , masturbation jokes ,
2	fart jokes , masturbation jokes
1	fart jokes ,
2	fart jokes
1	masturbation jokes
0	racist Japanese jokes
2	Japanese jokes
1	Where Tom Green stages his gags as assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , Jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
1	Where Tom Green stages his gags as assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony
1	Tom Green stages his gags as assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony
2	Tom Green
1	stages his gags as assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony
1	stages his gags
2	his gags
1	as assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony
1	assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony
2	on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony
1	America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony
2	America 's
2	knee-jerk moral sanctimony
2	moral sanctimony
1	, Jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
1	Jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
1	lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
1	lacks aspirations of social upheaval
2	aspirations of social upheaval
2	of social upheaval
2	social upheaval
2	More of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller .
2	More of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller
2	More of an intriguing curiosity
3	of an intriguing curiosity
4	an intriguing curiosity
3	intriguing curiosity
2	than a gripping thriller
3	a gripping thriller
3	gripping thriller
1	The April 2002 instalment of the American War for Independence , complete with loads of CGI and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood .
2	The April 2002 instalment of the American War for Independence , complete with loads of CGI and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood
2	The April 2002 instalment of the American War
2	The April 2002 instalment
2	April 2002 instalment
2	2002 instalment
2	of the American War
2	the American War
2	American War
0	for Independence , complete with loads of CGI and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood
1	Independence , complete with loads of CGI and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood
2	Independence , complete with loads of CGI and bushels of violence , but not a drop
2	Independence ,
1	complete with loads of CGI and bushels of violence , but not a drop
2	complete with loads of CGI and bushels of violence
2	with loads of CGI and bushels of violence
1	loads of CGI and bushels of violence
2	loads of CGI and
2	loads of CGI
2	of CGI
2	bushels of violence
2	of violence
2	, but not a drop
2	, but not
2	but not
2	a drop
2	of human blood
2	human blood
1	Contains all the substance of a Twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing .
1	Contains all the substance of a Twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing
1	all the substance of a Twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing
2	all the substance
2	the substance
2	of a Twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing
2	a Twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing
2	a Twinkie
2	-- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing
1	easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing
2	easy to swallow , but
3	easy to swallow ,
2	easy to swallow
2	to swallow
2	scarcely nourishing
1	Return to Neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill Disney sequel intended for the home video market .
1	Return to Neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill Disney sequel intended for the home video market
3	Return to Neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and
3	Return to Neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company
2	Return to Neverland
2	to Neverland
2	manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company
2	to straddle the line between another classic for the company
2	straddle the line between another classic for the company
2	the line between another classic for the company
2	the line
2	between another classic for the company
3	another classic for the company
4	another classic
2	for the company
2	the company
1	just another run-of-the-mill Disney sequel intended for the home video market
1	another run-of-the-mill Disney sequel intended for the home video market
1	another run-of-the-mill Disney sequel
1	run-of-the-mill Disney sequel
2	Disney sequel
1	intended for the home video market
2	for the home video market
1	the home video market
2	home video market
2	video market
0	Rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .
0	does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .
0	does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along
0	a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along
1	a film so graceless and devoid
2	a film
0	so graceless and devoid
1	graceless and devoid
1	graceless and
2	of merit as this one come along
2	merit as this one come along
2	as this one come along
2	this one come along
2	this one
2	come along
1	It 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .
1	It 's a thin notion
2	's a thin notion
1	a thin notion
1	thin notion
0	, repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .
1	repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .
0	repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue
2	repetitively stretched out to feature
1	stretched out to feature
2	stretched out
2	to feature
0	length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue
2	length ,
1	awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue
1	in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue
0	self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue
1	self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and
1	self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music
2	self-consciously flashy camera effects ,
1	self-consciously flashy camera effects
2	flashy camera effects
2	camera effects
1	droning house music
2	house music
0	flat , flat dialogue
1	, flat dialogue
1	flat dialogue
2	On a certain base level , Blue Crush delivers what it promises , just not well enough to recommend it .
3	On a certain base level
2	a certain base level
2	certain base level
2	base level
2	, Blue Crush delivers what it promises , just not well enough to recommend it .
1	Blue Crush delivers what it promises , just not well enough to recommend it .
2	Blue Crush
2	delivers what it promises , just not well enough to recommend it .
2	delivers what it promises , just not well enough to recommend it
1	what it promises , just not well enough to recommend it
1	it promises , just not well enough to recommend it
1	promises , just not well enough to recommend it
1	promises , just not well enough
2	promises ,
1	just not well enough
1	not well enough
3	well enough
3	to recommend it
3	recommend it
1	The colorful Masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .
2	The colorful Masseur
2	colorful Masseur
1	wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .
1	wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise up the social ladder
0	wastes its time on mood rather than
1	wastes its time on mood
0	wastes its time
2	its time
2	on mood
2	rather than
1	riding with the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise up the social ladder
2	riding with the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise
1	with the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise
1	the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise
1	the inherent absurdity
1	inherent absurdity
2	of Ganesh 's rise
2	Ganesh 's rise
2	Ganesh 's
2	up the social ladder
2	the social ladder
2	social ladder
0	... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
0	an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
0	an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar
0	an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud
0	incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud
2	incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative
1	heavy-handed , manipulative
1	, manipulative
2	that feels all too familiar
1	feels all too familiar
1	all too familiar
2	too familiar
1	Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted .
2	Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted
0	Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and
1	Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen
1	Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating , so
2	Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating ,
1	Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating
2	out by going for that PG-13 rating
2	by going for that PG-13 rating
3	going for that PG-13 rating
2	for that PG-13 rating
2	that PG-13 rating
2	PG-13 rating
2	the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen
2	the more graphic violence
2	more graphic violence
1	graphic violence
2	is mostly off-screen
2	mostly off-screen
2	the sexuality is muted
3	the sexuality
1	is muted
3	Trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` What if ? '
3	presents a frightening and compelling ` What if ? '
3	presents a frightening and compelling ` What if ?
3	presents a frightening and compelling ` What if
3	a frightening and compelling ` What if
3	a frightening and compelling `
3	a frightening and compelling
3	frightening and compelling
2	frightening and
2	What if
2	scenario that will give most parents pause ... Then , something terrible happens .
1	scenario that will give most parents pause ... Then , something terrible happens
1	scenario that will give most parents pause ...
2	scenario that will give most parents pause
2	scenario that will give most parents
2	that will give most parents
2	will give most parents
2	give most parents
2	most parents
2	Then , something terrible happens
2	, something terrible happens
1	something terrible happens
2	something terrible
0	Madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose .
2	Madonna has made herself over so often now
2	has made herself over so often now
2	made herself over so often now
2	made herself
2	over so often now
2	so often now
2	often now
1	, there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose .
0	there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose .
1	's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose .
0	's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose
2	's apparently
1	nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose
1	left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose
1	to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose
1	work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose
2	work with ,
2	work with
2	sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose
2	sort of
2	like Michael Jackson 's nose
2	Michael Jackson 's nose
2	Michael Jackson 's
3	Jackson 's
0	Never having seen the first two films in the series , I ca n't compare Friday After Next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
0	Never having seen the first two films in the series , I ca n't compare Friday After Next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
2	Never having seen the first two films in the series , I ca n't compare Friday After Next to them , but
2	Never having seen the first two films in the series , I ca n't compare Friday After Next to them ,
2	Never having seen the first two films in the series , I ca n't compare Friday After Next to them
2	Never having seen the first two films in the series
2	having seen the first two films in the series
2	seen the first two films in the series
2	the first two films in the series
2	the first two films
2	first two films
2	two films
3	in the series
2	the series
1	, I ca n't compare Friday After Next to them
2	I ca n't compare Friday After Next to them
3	ca n't compare Friday After Next to them
2	ca n't
2	compare Friday After Next to them
2	Friday After Next to them
3	Friday After Next
3	After Next
2	to them
2	nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
1	would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
1	change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
2	change the fact
2	the fact
0	that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
0	what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
2	what we have here
2	we have here
2	have here
0	is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
1	a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
2	a load
1	of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
2	clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
1	left in the broiling sun for a good three days
1	in the broiling sun for a good three days
1	the broiling sun for a good three days
1	the broiling sun
2	broiling sun
2	for a good three days
3	a good three days
2	good three days
2	three days
0	The story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .
1	The story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched
1	The story is lacking any real emotional impact , and
1	The story is lacking any real emotional impact ,
1	The story is lacking any real emotional impact
2	The story
1	is lacking any real emotional impact
1	lacking any real emotional impact
1	any real emotional impact
3	real emotional impact
2	emotional impact
1	the plot is both contrived and cliched
2	the plot
1	is both contrived and cliched
1	both contrived and cliched
2	contrived and cliched
2	contrived and
0	A depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .
0	A depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery
0	A depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece
1	depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece
0	depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable
0	, incoherent , instantly disposable
0	incoherent , instantly disposable
1	, instantly disposable
1	instantly disposable
1	of hackery
0	It 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .
0	It 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring
2	It 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and
0	It 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest
2	's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest
1	's a bad action movie
2	a bad action movie
0	bad action movie
2	action movie
1	because there 's no rooting interest
1	there 's no rooting interest
1	's no rooting interest
1	no rooting interest
2	rooting interest
2	the spectacle is grotesque and boring
3	the spectacle
0	is grotesque and boring
1	grotesque and boring
1	grotesque and
1	-LRB- Soderbergh -RRB- tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness .
1	-LRB- Soderbergh -RRB- tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness
1	-LRB- Soderbergh -RRB- tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and
2	-LRB- Soderbergh -RRB- tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence ,
1	-LRB- Soderbergh -RRB- tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence
2	-LRB- Soderbergh -RRB-
2	Soderbergh -RRB-
1	tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence
1	to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence
1	place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence
2	place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than
1	place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics
2	most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics
2	of the psychological and philosophical material in italics
2	the psychological and philosophical material in italics
2	the psychological and philosophical material
2	psychological and philosophical material
3	psychological and philosophical
2	psychological and
2	in italics
2	rather than
3	trust an audience 's intelligence
2	an audience 's intelligence
3	an audience 's
2	audience 's
2	he creates an overall sense of brusqueness
2	creates an overall sense of brusqueness
1	an overall sense of brusqueness
2	an overall sense
2	overall sense
2	of brusqueness
2	Handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism .
2	Handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical
3	Handsome and sincere but slightly awkward
2	Handsome and sincere but slightly
3	Handsome and sincere but
3	Handsome and sincere
3	Handsome and
3	in its combination of entertainment and evangelical
2	its combination of entertainment and evangelical
2	its combination
2	of entertainment and evangelical
3	entertainment and evangelical
3	entertainment and
2	boosterism .
1	So aggressively cheery that Pollyana would reach for a barf bag .
1	So aggressively cheery
2	aggressively cheery
0	that Pollyana would reach for a barf bag .
1	that Pollyana would reach for a barf bag
1	Pollyana would reach for a barf bag
0	would reach for a barf bag
0	reach for a barf bag
0	for a barf bag
1	a barf bag
2	barf bag
1	Scooby-Doo does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .
1	does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .
2	does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
1	does n't
1	know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
1	if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
2	it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
1	wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
2	to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
1	be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
2	a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
2	a retro-refitting exercise
1	retro-refitting exercise
2	in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
1	campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
2	campy recall
1	for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
2	older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
2	older fans or
2	older fans
1	a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
1	silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
3	, Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
2	Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
2	kiddie flick
1	Russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of Sommers 's title-bout features .
1	lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of Sommers 's title-bout features .
1	lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of Sommers 's title-bout features
2	the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of Sommers 's title-bout features
4	the visual panache , the comic touch , and
3	the visual panache , the comic touch ,
2	the visual panache , the comic touch
2	the visual panache ,
3	the visual panache
2	visual panache
3	the comic touch
3	comic touch
3	perhaps the budget of Sommers 's title-bout features
2	perhaps the budget
2	the budget
2	of Sommers 's title-bout features
2	Sommers 's title-bout features
2	Sommers 's
2	title-bout features
0	Highly uneven and inconsistent ... Margarita Happy Hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
1	Highly uneven and inconsistent ... Margarita Happy Hour kinda
0	Highly uneven and inconsistent ...
0	Highly uneven and inconsistent
1	Highly uneven and
1	Highly uneven
2	Margarita Happy Hour kinda
2	Happy Hour kinda
2	Hour kinda
1	resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
2	resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within
2	the el cheapo margaritas served within
1	the el cheapo margaritas
2	el cheapo margaritas
2	cheapo margaritas
2	served within
0	Very stupid and annoying .
0	Very stupid and annoying
0	stupid and annoying
1	stupid and
0	The Sum of All Fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over Cold War paranoia .
2	The Sum of All Fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over Cold War paranoia
1	The Sum of All Fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but
1	The Sum of All Fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism ,
2	The Sum of All Fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism
2	The Sum of All Fears
2	The Sum
2	of All Fears
2	All Fears
1	pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism
2	to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism
2	be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism
3	a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism
3	a serious exploration
2	serious exploration
2	of nuclear terrorism
2	nuclear terrorism
1	it 's really nothing more than warmed-over Cold War paranoia
1	's really nothing more than warmed-over Cold War paranoia
2	's really
1	nothing more than warmed-over Cold War paranoia
2	nothing more
2	than warmed-over Cold War paranoia
1	warmed-over Cold War paranoia
2	Cold War paranoia
2	War paranoia
1	A listless and desultory affair .
1	A listless and desultory affair
1	listless and desultory affair
0	listless and desultory
1	listless and
1	Represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .
1	Represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen
1	the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen
3	the depths
1	to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen
2	to which
1	the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen
2	the girls-behaving-badly film
2	girls-behaving-badly film
1	has fallen
0	How inept is Serving Sara ?
2	How inept
2	is Serving Sara ?
2	is Serving Sara
2	Serving Sara
0	It makes even Elizabeth Hurley seem graceless and ugly .
1	makes even Elizabeth Hurley seem graceless and ugly .
1	makes even Elizabeth Hurley seem graceless and ugly
0	even Elizabeth Hurley seem graceless and ugly
0	Elizabeth Hurley seem graceless and ugly
2	Elizabeth Hurley
1	seem graceless and ugly
1	graceless and ugly
1	graceless and
2	Jam-packed with literally bruising jokes .
2	Jam-packed with literally bruising jokes
2	with literally bruising jokes
1	literally bruising jokes
1	literally bruising
2	Every five minutes or so , someone gets clocked .
2	Every five minutes or so
2	Every five minutes or
2	Every five minutes
2	five minutes
2	, someone gets clocked .
2	someone gets clocked .
2	gets clocked .
2	gets clocked
2	Wins my vote for ` The 2002 Enemy of Cinema ' Award .
2	Wins my vote for ` The 2002 Enemy of Cinema ' Award
4	Wins my vote
2	my vote
2	for ` The 2002 Enemy of Cinema ' Award
2	for `
2	The 2002 Enemy of Cinema ' Award
2	The 2002 Enemy
2	2002 Enemy
3	of Cinema ' Award
2	Cinema ' Award
2	Cinema '
2	Any Chekhov is better than no Chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .
1	Any Chekhov is better than no Chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
2	Any Chekhov is better than no Chekhov , but
3	Any Chekhov is better than no Chekhov ,
2	Any Chekhov is better than no Chekhov
2	Any Chekhov
2	is better than no Chekhov
3	better than no Chekhov
2	than no Chekhov
2	no Chekhov
0	it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
0	would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
1	be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
2	be a shame
1	a shame
3	if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
4	this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
2	was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
2	was your introduction
2	your introduction
3	to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
4	one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
4	of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
3	the greatest plays of the last 100 years
3	the greatest plays
3	greatest plays
2	of the last 100 years
2	the last 100 years
2	last 100 years
2	100 years
1	Helmer Hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .
0	Helmer Hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome
2	Helmer Hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but
1	Helmer Hudlin tries to make a hip comedy ,
2	Helmer Hudlin tries to make a hip comedy
2	Helmer Hudlin
2	tries to make a hip comedy
2	to make a hip comedy
3	make a hip comedy
4	a hip comedy
3	hip comedy
2	his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome
1	his dependence on slapstick
2	his dependence
2	on slapstick
1	defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome
2	the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome
2	the possibility of creating a more darkly
2	the possibility
2	of creating a more darkly
2	creating a more darkly
2	a more darkly
2	more darkly
2	edged tome
0	Lazy , miserable and smug .
0	Lazy , miserable and smug
1	Lazy ,
1	miserable and smug
0	miserable and
0	This is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
0	is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
0	is one of the biggest disappointments of the year
1	one of the biggest disappointments of the year
0	of the biggest disappointments of the year
1	the biggest disappointments of the year
1	the biggest disappointments
0	biggest disappointments
2	of the year
2	the year
2	Formula 51 has dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market .
2	Formula 51
2	has dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market .
0	has dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market
1	dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market
1	dulled your senses faster and deeper
1	dulled your senses
2	your senses
3	faster and deeper
2	faster and
2	than any recreational drug on the market
2	any recreational drug on the market
3	any recreational drug
3	recreational drug
2	on the market
2	the market
1	Every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable .
1	Every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable
0	Every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy ,
1	Every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy
1	Every visual joke is milked ,
1	Every visual joke is milked
2	Every visual joke
2	visual joke
1	is milked
2	every set-up obvious and lengthy
2	every set-up
1	obvious and lengthy
2	obvious and
1	every punchline predictable
2	every punchline
0	There 's no energy .
1	's no energy .
1	's no energy
1	no energy
2	Apparently writer-director Attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film .
0	Apparently writer-director Attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film
1	Apparently writer-director Attal thought he need only cast himself and
1	Apparently writer-director Attal thought he need only cast himself
1	writer-director Attal thought he need only cast himself
2	writer-director Attal
2	thought he need only cast himself
2	he need only cast himself
2	need only cast himself
2	need only
2	cast himself
2	his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film
2	his movie-star wife
2	movie-star wife
1	sitting around in their drawers to justify a film
1	sitting around
2	in their drawers to justify a film
2	their drawers to justify a film
2	drawers to justify a film
3	to justify a film
2	justify a film
2	a film
2	After the setup , the air leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go .
2	After the setup
2	the setup
0	, the air leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go .
0	the air leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go .
2	the air
1	leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go .
1	leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go
3	leaks out of the movie ,
2	leaks out of the movie
2	leaks out
2	of the movie
2	the movie
1	flattening its momentum with about an hour to go
1	flattening its momentum with about an hour
1	flattening its momentum
2	its momentum
2	with about an hour
3	about an hour
2	an hour
2	to go
1	This is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like Them !
1	is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like Them !
1	is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like Them
1	a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like Them
2	a poster movie ,
2	a poster movie
2	poster movie
1	a mediocre tribute to films like Them
2	a mediocre tribute
2	mediocre tribute
2	to films like Them
2	films like Them
2	like Them
1	At three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
1	At three hours and with very little story or character development
0	three hours and with very little story or character development
1	three hours and with very little story or character
2	three hours and
2	three hours
1	with very little story or character
0	very little story or character
2	very little
2	story or character
2	story or
2	, there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
1	there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
1	there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
1	there is plenty of room for editing , and
1	there is plenty of room for editing ,
2	there is plenty of room for editing
1	is plenty of room for editing
2	plenty of room for editing
2	of room for editing
2	room for editing
2	for editing
1	a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
2	a much shorter cut
2	much shorter cut
2	much shorter
1	surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
2	would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
3	have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
3	resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
3	resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative
2	in a smoother , more focused narrative
2	a smoother , more focused narrative
3	a smoother , more focused
2	smoother , more focused
2	smoother ,
3	more focused
3	without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
1	sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
2	any of the cultural intrigue
2	of the cultural intrigue
2	the cultural intrigue
3	cultural intrigue
2	A bit too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be .
2	A bit
2	too derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be .
2	derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be .
1	derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be
2	to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be
2	stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be
2	stand on its own
2	on its own
3	its own
2	as the psychological thriller it purports to be
2	the psychological thriller it purports to be
2	the psychological thriller
3	psychological thriller
2	it purports to be
2	purports to be
2	to be
2	A crude teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright Craig Lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his Prelude to a Kiss .
1	A crude
1	teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright Craig Lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his Prelude to a Kiss .
2	teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright Craig Lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his Prelude to a Kiss
2	teen-oriented variation on a theme
2	teen-oriented variation
2	on a theme
2	a theme
1	that the playwright Craig Lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his Prelude to a Kiss
3	the playwright Craig Lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his Prelude to a Kiss
2	the playwright Craig Lucas
2	playwright Craig Lucas
2	Craig Lucas
3	explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his Prelude to a Kiss
2	explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his Prelude
4	explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence
2	with infinitely more grace and eloquence
3	infinitely more grace and eloquence
2	infinitely more
3	grace and eloquence
2	grace and
2	in his Prelude
2	his Prelude
2	to a Kiss
3	a Kiss
2	The film 's darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings , especially in the last few cloying moments .
1	The film 's darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings , especially in the last few cloying moments
2	The film 's darker moments become
2	The film 's darker moments
2	The film 's
2	film 's
2	darker moments
2	smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings , especially in the last few cloying moments
2	smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings , especially
2	smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings ,
2	smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings
2	smoothed over
2	by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings
2	an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings
2	overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings
2	need to tender inspirational tidings
2	to tender inspirational tidings
3	tender inspirational tidings
2	inspirational tidings
1	in the last few cloying moments
2	the last few cloying moments
2	last few cloying moments
2	few cloying moments
2	cloying moments
1	If you recognize Zeus -LRB- the dog from Snatch -RRB- it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
2	If you recognize Zeus -LRB- the dog from Snatch -RRB-
2	you recognize Zeus -LRB- the dog from Snatch -RRB-
2	recognize Zeus -LRB- the dog from Snatch -RRB-
2	Zeus -LRB- the dog from Snatch -RRB-
2	-LRB- the dog from Snatch -RRB-
1	the dog from Snatch -RRB-
2	the dog from Snatch
2	the dog
2	from Snatch
1	it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
1	will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
0	will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
1	make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
0	you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
1	wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
1	you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
1	were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
2	were at home
2	at home
2	watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
2	watching that movie
2	that movie
2	instead of in the theater watching this one
2	of in the theater watching this one
2	in the theater watching this one
2	the theater watching this one
2	the theater
2	watching this one
2	this one
0	This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '
0	This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie .
0	This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie
1	This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes , here
3	This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes ,
2	This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes
2	is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes
2	is the kind of movie
2	the kind of movie
2	the kind
2	of movie
2	that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes
3	you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes
3	only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes
2	need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes
2	to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes
2	watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes
2	watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , `
1	watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself ,
1	watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself
2	watch for about thirty seconds
2	for about thirty seconds
2	about thirty seconds
2	thirty seconds
2	before you say to yourself
2	you say to yourself
2	say to yourself
2	to yourself
2	Ah , yes
2	Ah ,
0	we have a bad , bad , bad movie
1	have a bad , bad , bad movie
0	a bad , bad , bad movie
1	bad , bad , bad movie
0	, bad , bad movie
0	bad , bad movie
1	, bad movie
0	bad movie
2	Shanghai Ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage .
3	Shanghai Ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage
2	Shanghai Ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but
3	Shanghai Ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story ,
3	Shanghai Ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story
2	Shanghai Ghetto
3	should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story
3	be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story
4	applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story
2	for finding a new angle on a tireless story
2	finding a new angle on a tireless story
3	finding a new angle
2	a new angle
2	new angle
2	on a tireless story
3	a tireless story
1	tireless story
3	you might want to think twice before booking passage
1	might want to think twice before booking passage
1	want to think twice before booking passage
2	to think twice before booking passage
2	think twice before booking passage
2	think twice
3	before booking passage
3	booking passage
2	Plays like a checklist of everything Rob Reiner and his cast were sending up .
2	Plays like a checklist of everything Rob Reiner and his cast
1	like a checklist of everything Rob Reiner and his cast
2	a checklist of everything Rob Reiner and his cast
2	a checklist
2	of everything Rob Reiner and his cast
2	everything Rob Reiner and his cast
2	everything Rob Reiner and
2	everything Rob Reiner
2	Rob Reiner
2	his cast
2	were sending up .
2	were sending up
2	sending up
0	There 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
1	's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
1	's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
1	too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
1	much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
1	forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
1	forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about
0	forced drama in this wildly uneven movie ,
1	forced drama in this wildly uneven movie
1	forced drama
1	in this wildly uneven movie
2	this wildly uneven movie
1	wildly uneven movie
2	wildly uneven
2	a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
2	a young man 's battle
2	a young man 's
3	young man 's
2	man 's
1	with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
1	his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
2	his inescapable past and uncertain future
1	inescapable past and uncertain future
2	past and uncertain future
2	past and uncertain
2	past and
2	in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
2	a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
1	very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
1	very shapable but largely unfulfilling
2	very shapable but
2	very shapable
1	largely unfulfilling
3	It 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .
2	's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .
2	's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness
3	's at once laughable and compulsively watchable ,
3	's at once laughable and compulsively watchable
3	at once laughable and compulsively watchable
2	at once laughable and
1	at once laughable
2	at once
3	compulsively watchable
1	in its committed dumbness
0	its committed dumbness
0	committed dumbness
1	All the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .
3	All the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale
2	All the sensuality ,
2	All the sensuality
2	the sensuality
2	all the eroticism of a good vampire tale
2	all the eroticism
2	the eroticism
3	of a good vampire tale
3	a good vampire tale
3	good vampire tale
2	vampire tale
1	has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .
1	has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness
1	been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness
2	been , pardon the pun , sucked out and
1	been , pardon the pun , sucked out
2	been , pardon the pun ,
2	been , pardon the pun
2	been ,
2	pardon the pun
2	the pun
2	sucked out
1	replaced by goth goofiness
2	by goth goofiness
2	goth goofiness
1	A cross between Blow and Boyz N The Hood , this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .
2	A cross between Blow and Boyz N The Hood , this movie
2	A cross between Blow and
2	A cross between Blow
2	A cross
2	between Blow
2	Boyz N The Hood , this movie
2	Boyz N The Hood ,
2	Boyz N The Hood
2	N The Hood
3	The Hood
2	this movie
1	strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .
2	strives to be more , but does n't quite get there
2	strives to be more , but
2	strives to be more ,
2	strives to be more
2	to be more
2	be more
1	does n't quite get there
1	does n't quite
1	does n't
2	get there
3	Good performances keep it from being a total rehash .
4	Good performances
2	keep it from being a total rehash .
1	keep it from being a total rehash
2	keep it
1	from being a total rehash
1	being a total rehash
1	a total rehash
2	total rehash
1	The screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .
2	The screenplay
1	is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .
1	is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children
0	is hugely overwritten ,
0	is hugely overwritten
0	hugely overwritten
2	with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children
2	tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children
2	tons and tons of dialogue --
2	tons and tons of dialogue
2	tons and tons
2	tons and
2	of dialogue
3	most of it given to children
2	most of it
2	of it
2	given to children
2	to children
2	Troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal .
1	Troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal
2	the cult section of your local video store for the real deal
2	the cult section
2	cult section
2	of your local video store for the real deal
2	your local video store for the real deal
2	your local video store
2	local video store
2	video store
2	for the real deal
3	the real deal
2	real deal
4	At times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .
2	At times
3	, the movie looks genuinely pretty .
4	the movie looks genuinely pretty .
2	the movie
3	looks genuinely pretty .
3	looks genuinely pretty
3	genuinely pretty
2	Your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but .
1	Your nightmares , on the other hand ,
1	Your nightmares , on the other hand
2	Your nightmares ,
1	Your nightmares
2	on the other hand
2	the other hand
2	other hand
2	will be anything but .
2	will be anything but
2	be anything but
3	be anything
0	Not even Felinni would know what to make of this Italian freakshow .
1	even Felinni would know what to make of this Italian freakshow .
2	Felinni would know what to make of this Italian freakshow .
1	would know what to make of this Italian freakshow .
1	would know what to make of this Italian freakshow
1	know what to make of this Italian freakshow
1	what to make of this Italian freakshow
1	to make of this Italian freakshow
2	make of this Italian freakshow
2	of this Italian freakshow
1	this Italian freakshow
1	Italian freakshow
2	Elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke .
2	touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke .
2	touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke
2	touts his drug
1	his drug
1	as being 51 times stronger than coke
2	being 51 times stronger than coke
2	51 times stronger than coke
2	51 times
2	stronger than coke
2	than coke
2	If you 're looking for a tale of Brits behaving badly , watch Snatch again .
2	If you 're looking for a tale of Brits behaving badly
1	you 're looking for a tale of Brits behaving badly
2	're looking for a tale of Brits behaving badly
1	looking for a tale of Brits behaving badly
2	looking for a tale of Brits
2	for a tale of Brits
2	a tale of Brits
2	a tale
2	of Brits
2	behaving badly
2	, watch Snatch again .
2	watch Snatch again .
3	watch Snatch again
2	watch Snatch
2	It 's 51 times better than this .
0	's 51 times better than this .
1	's 51 times better than this
2	51 times better than this
2	51 times
1	better than this
2	than this
0	It 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .
1	's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .
0	's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
0	difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
1	to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
1	conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
0	of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
0	anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
0	who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
1	has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
2	reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
2	reached puberty
1	actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
3	finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
2	finding the characters in Slackers or their antics
2	the characters in Slackers or their antics
2	the characters
2	in Slackers or their antics
2	Slackers or their antics
2	Slackers or
2	their antics
3	amusing , let alone funny
1	, let alone funny
2	let alone funny
2	alone funny
1	Despite its promising cast of characters , Big Trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '
1	Despite its promising cast of characters
3	its promising cast of characters
3	its promising cast
3	promising cast
2	of characters
1	, Big Trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '
0	Big Trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '
2	Big Trouble
0	remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '
1	remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny .
2	remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny
0	a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny
2	a loosely tied series
1	loosely tied series
1	loosely tied
1	of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny
0	vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny
2	which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny
1	only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny
1	prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny
2	that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny
1	` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny
2	` zany '
3	zany '
2	does n't necessarily mean ` funny
1	does n't necessarily
1	does n't
2	mean ` funny
3	` funny
0	Both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
0	Both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times
1	Both shrill and soporific , and because everything
2	shrill and soporific , and because everything
1	shrill and soporific , and because
1	shrill and soporific
1	shrill and
2	, and because
3	, and
2	is repeated five or six times
2	repeated five or six times
2	five or six times
2	or six times
2	six times
1	, it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
1	it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
1	can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
1	can seem tiresomely simpleminded
1	seem tiresomely simpleminded
0	tiresomely simpleminded
1	Does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .
2	Does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny
2	Does not
2	go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny
2	go far enough in its humor or stock ideas
2	go far enough
2	far enough
2	in its humor or stock ideas
2	its humor or stock ideas
2	humor or stock ideas
2	or stock ideas
2	stock ideas
1	to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny
2	stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny
3	stand out
1	as particularly memorable or even all that funny
1	particularly memorable or even all that funny
2	particularly memorable or
3	particularly memorable
2	even all that funny
2	all that funny
2	all that
0	Neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
1	revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
0	nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
1	nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored
2	truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored
2	truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and
2	truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant
3	truly edgy --
3	truly edgy
1	merely crassly flamboyant
1	crassly flamboyant
1	comedically labored
1	Just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .
2	Just about everyone involved here
2	Just about everyone
2	about everyone
2	involved here
1	seems to be coasting .
2	seems to be coasting
2	to be coasting
2	be coasting
2	There are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills .
1	are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills .
1	are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills
1	are a few modest laughs , but certainly no
1	are a few modest laughs , but
3	are a few modest laughs ,
3	are a few modest laughs
3	a few modest laughs
2	few modest laughs
3	modest laughs
3	certainly no
1	Fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .
1	Fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur
0	Fails so fundamentally on every conventional level
2	so fundamentally on every conventional level
2	fundamentally on every conventional level
2	on every conventional level
2	every conventional level
2	conventional level
2	that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur
3	it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur
3	achieves some kind of goofy grandeur
3	some kind of goofy grandeur
2	some kind
2	of goofy grandeur
2	goofy grandeur
1	There 's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title .
1	's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title .
1	's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
1	a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
2	a persistent theatrical sentiment and
2	a persistent theatrical sentiment
2	persistent theatrical sentiment
2	theatrical sentiment
1	a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
1	a woozy quality
1	woozy quality
2	to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
1	the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
2	the manner
1	of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
1	the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
2	the storytelling ,
2	the storytelling
3	which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
1	undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
2	the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
2	the devastatingly telling impact
2	devastatingly telling impact
2	devastatingly telling
1	of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
1	utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
1	utter loss
1	personified in the film 's simple title
2	in the film 's simple title
2	the film 's simple title
2	the film 's
2	film 's
3	simple title
2	While Howard 's appreciation of Brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through were it not for the supporting cast .
0	While Howard 's appreciation of Brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through
2	While Howard 's appreciation of Brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere
4	Howard 's appreciation of Brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere
3	Howard 's appreciation of Brown and his writing
2	Howard 's appreciation
2	Howard 's
2	of Brown and his writing
2	Brown and his writing
2	Brown and
2	his writing
3	is clearly well-meaning and sincere
2	is clearly
4	well-meaning and sincere
3	well-meaning and
0	, the movie would be impossible to sit through
1	the movie would be impossible to sit through
2	the movie
1	would be impossible to sit through
0	be impossible to sit through
0	impossible to sit through
2	to sit through
2	sit through
2	were it not for the supporting cast .
2	were it not for the supporting cast
2	were it
2	not for the supporting cast
2	for the supporting cast
2	the supporting cast
2	supporting cast
0	A preposterous , prurient whodunit .
1	A preposterous , prurient whodunit
1	preposterous , prurient whodunit
0	preposterous , prurient
2	, prurient
1	Go , girls , right down the reality drain .
2	Go , girls , right down the reality drain
2	Go ,
1	girls , right down the reality drain
2	girls ,
1	right down the reality drain
1	down the reality drain
2	the reality drain
1	reality drain
1	Boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , Impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .
0	Boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory
0	some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory
1	of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory
0	the most poorly staged and lit action in memory
1	the most poorly staged and lit action
1	most poorly staged and lit action
1	most poorly staged and lit
0	most poorly staged and
1	most poorly staged
1	poorly staged
3	in memory
1	, Impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .
2	Impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .
2	is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .
0	is as close as you can get to an imitation movie
2	is as close
2	as close
2	as you can get to an imitation movie
2	you can get to an imitation movie
2	can get to an imitation movie
1	get to an imitation movie
3	to an imitation movie
0	an imitation movie
1	imitation movie
1	Can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .
1	Can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality
2	Can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ...
2	Can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies
2	Can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality '
2	be classified as one of those ` alternate reality '
3	classified as one of those ` alternate reality '
2	as one of those ` alternate reality '
1	one of those ` alternate reality '
2	of those ` alternate reality '
2	those ` alternate reality '
2	` alternate reality '
2	alternate reality '
2	reality '
2	except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality
2	except that
1	it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality
2	would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality
2	have worked so much better dealing in only one reality
1	worked so much better dealing in only one reality
2	worked so much better
2	so much better
3	much better
2	dealing in only one reality
2	in only one reality
2	only one reality
2	one reality
3	Predictable and cloying , though Brown Sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .
2	Predictable and cloying , though Brown Sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle
1	Predictable and cloying ,
0	Predictable and cloying
1	Predictable and
3	though Brown Sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle
2	Brown Sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle
2	Brown Sugar
2	is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle
3	is so earnest in its yearning for the days
2	is so earnest
2	so earnest
1	in its yearning for the days
2	its yearning for the days
2	its yearning
2	for the days
2	the days
2	before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle
2	rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle
2	went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle
2	went nihilistic
2	that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle
3	it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle
3	summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle
3	more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle
3	more spirit and bite
2	spirit and bite
2	spirit and
2	than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle
2	your average formulaic romantic quadrangle
1	average formulaic romantic quadrangle
2	formulaic romantic quadrangle
2	romantic quadrangle
0	... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
0	unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
0	unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept
0	unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely ,
0	unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely
0	unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and
0	unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny ,
1	unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny
0	unlikable , uninteresting ,
0	unlikable , uninteresting
1	unlikable ,
2	utterly inept
0	The film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .
2	The film
0	is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .
0	is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own
1	is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films
2	is so busy
2	so busy
1	making reference to other films and trying to be other films
2	making reference to other films and
2	making reference to other films
2	making reference
2	to other films
2	other films
1	trying to be other films
2	to be other films
2	be other films
2	other films
1	that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own
0	it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own
3	fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own
2	to have a heart , mind or humor of its own
2	have a heart , mind or humor of its own
3	a heart , mind or humor of its own
3	a heart , mind or humor
2	heart , mind or humor
2	, mind or humor
2	mind or humor
2	mind or
2	of its own
3	its own
1	An imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .
1	An imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie
1	imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie
1	imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty
1	imponderably stilted and
1	imponderably stilted
1	self-consciously arty
0	Muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for Kevin Costner .
2	, melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for Kevin Costner .
1	melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for Kevin Costner .
1	melodramatic paranormal romance
2	paranormal romance
0	is an all-time low for Kevin Costner .
1	is an all-time low for Kevin Costner
0	an all-time low for Kevin Costner
1	an all-time low
0	all-time low
2	for Kevin Costner
2	Kevin Costner
1	Too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .
1	Too clumsy in key moments
1	Too clumsy
2	in key moments
2	key moments
2	... to make a big splash .
3	to make a big splash .
3	to make a big splash
3	make a big splash
3	a big splash
3	big splash
0	Just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .
3	Just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny
3	Just a bunch of good actors
2	Just a bunch
2	a bunch
3	of good actors
3	good actors
1	flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny
1	flailing around
1	in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny
1	a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny
2	a caper
1	that 's neither original nor terribly funny
1	's neither original nor terribly funny
2	's neither
1	original nor terribly funny
1	nor terribly funny
3	terribly funny
1	` Matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy .
1	` Matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy
2	` Matrix ' -
2	` Matrix '
2	Matrix '
2	style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy
2	style massacres erupt throughout ...
1	style massacres erupt throughout
2	style massacres
2	erupt throughout
1	but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy
1	the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy
2	the movie
1	has a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy
1	a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy
2	a tougher time
2	tougher time
2	balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy
2	balancing its violence
2	its violence
2	with Kafka-inspired philosophy
2	Kafka-inspired philosophy
4	At least it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , Charles Stone III .
2	At least
4	it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , Charles Stone III .
3	's a fairly impressive debut from the director , Charles Stone III .
3	's a fairly impressive debut from the director , Charles Stone III
4	a fairly impressive debut from the director , Charles Stone III
4	a fairly impressive debut
3	fairly impressive debut
2	fairly impressive
2	from the director , Charles Stone III
2	the director , Charles Stone III
2	the director ,
2	the director
2	Charles Stone III
2	Stone III
0	It all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense .
1	It all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense
2	It all unfolds predictably , and
1	It all unfolds predictably ,
1	It all unfolds predictably
1	all unfolds predictably
1	unfolds predictably
1	the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense
2	the adventures that happen along the way
2	the adventures
2	that happen along the way
2	happen along the way
2	happen along
2	the way
1	seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense
0	repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense
1	repetitive and
1	designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense
1	designed to fill time ,
1	designed to fill time
1	to fill time
1	fill time
1	providing no real sense of suspense
1	no real sense of suspense
1	no real sense
2	real sense
2	of suspense
2	Wanker Goths are on the loose !
2	Wanker Goths
2	are on the loose !
2	are on the loose
2	on the loose
2	the loose
0	Run for your lives !
0	Run for your lives
2	for your lives
2	your lives
1	Why would anyone cast the magnificent Jackie Chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?
1	would anyone cast the magnificent Jackie Chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?
1	would anyone cast the magnificent Jackie Chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects
2	would anyone
3	cast the magnificent Jackie Chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects
3	cast the magnificent Jackie Chan
4	the magnificent Jackie Chan
4	magnificent Jackie Chan
2	Jackie Chan
2	in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects
2	a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects
2	a movie
2	full of stunt doubles and special effects
2	of stunt doubles and special effects
2	stunt doubles and special effects
2	stunt doubles and
2	stunt doubles
2	special effects
1	A grating , emaciated flick .
1	A grating , emaciated flick
1	A grating ,
1	A grating
0	emaciated flick
1	Unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .
1	Unambitious writing
2	emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .
1	emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook
2	emerges in the movie ,
2	emerges in the movie
2	in the movie
2	the movie
1	using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook
2	a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook
2	a plot
2	that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook
2	could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook
2	have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook
1	come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook
2	from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook
2	an animated-movie screenwriting textbook
2	animated-movie screenwriting textbook
2	screenwriting textbook
2	Presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency .
1	Presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency
1	a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency
2	a good case while
2	good case while
3	case while
2	failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency
2	to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency
1	provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency
2	provide a reason for us
2	a reason for us
2	a reason
3	for us
2	to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency
2	care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency
1	beyond the very basic dictums of human decency
2	the very basic dictums of human decency
1	the very basic dictums
2	very basic dictums
1	very basic
2	of human decency
2	human decency
1	We have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .
1	have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .
2	have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat
1	poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat
0	jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat
1	jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe ,
1	jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe
1	jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except ,
2	jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except
1	against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except
1	farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except
1	farce ,
1	thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except
2	thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and
2	thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners ,
2	thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners
3	thoughtful dialogue
1	elbowed aside by one-liners
1	elbowed aside
2	by one-liners
1	a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except
2	a visual style
3	visual style
2	that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except
1	incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except
1	rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except
2	rotoscope animation
1	for no apparent reason except
1	no apparent reason except
2	apparent reason except
2	reason except
3	that it looks neat
3	it looks neat
3	looks neat
3	According to the script , Grant and Bullock 's characters are made for each other .
2	According to the script
2	to the script
2	the script
3	, Grant and Bullock 's characters are made for each other .
2	Grant and Bullock 's characters are made for each other .
2	Grant and Bullock 's characters
2	Grant and Bullock 's
2	and Bullock 's
2	Bullock 's
3	are made for each other .
2	are made for each other
2	made for each other
3	for each other
2	each other
2	But you 'd never guess that from the performances .
1	you 'd never guess that from the performances .
2	'd never guess that from the performances .
2	'd never guess that from the performances
2	'd never
2	guess that from the performances
2	guess that
2	from the performances
2	the performances
2	The animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies .
2	The animation
1	merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies .
0	merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies
1	merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King , yet
0	merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King ,
1	merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King
1	serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King
2	serves up
1	a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King
1	a predictable , maudlin story
1	predictable , maudlin story
2	, maudlin story
2	maudlin story
2	that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King
2	swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King
2	swipes heavily
2	from Bambi and The Lion King
2	Bambi and The Lion King
2	Bambi and
3	The Lion King
2	Lion King
1	lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies
2	the emotional resonance of either of those movies
3	the emotional resonance
2	emotional resonance
2	of either of those movies
3	either of those movies
2	of those movies
2	those movies
1	Ararat feels like a book report
1	feels like a book report
1	like a book report
2	a book report
1	book report
1	Steve Oedekerk is , alas , no Woody Allen .
2	Steve Oedekerk
1	is , alas , no Woody Allen .
2	is , alas , no Woody Allen
2	is ,
2	alas , no Woody Allen
2	alas , no
2	alas ,
2	Woody Allen
1	A lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .
2	A lot
1	like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .
0	like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless
1	the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless
2	the imaginary sport
2	imaginary sport
1	it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless
1	projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless
1	onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless
1	the screen -- loud , violent and mindless
2	the screen --
2	the screen
1	loud , violent and mindless
1	, violent and mindless
0	violent and mindless
1	violent and
2	An amalgam of The Fugitive , Blade Runner , and Total Recall , only without much energy or tension .
1	An amalgam of The Fugitive , Blade Runner , and Total Recall , only without much energy or tension
2	An amalgam
1	of The Fugitive , Blade Runner , and Total Recall , only without much energy or tension
1	The Fugitive , Blade Runner , and Total Recall , only without much energy or tension
2	The Fugitive ,
2	The Fugitive
2	Blade Runner , and Total Recall , only without much energy or tension
2	Blade Runner , and Total Recall ,
2	Blade Runner , and Total Recall
2	Blade Runner , and
2	Blade Runner ,
2	Blade Runner
2	Total Recall
1	only without much energy or tension
1	without much energy or tension
2	much energy or tension
2	energy or tension
2	energy or
0	The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .
1	The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing
0	The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and
0	The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid
0	The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy ,
0	The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy
0	The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious ,
0	The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious
0	The acting is amateurish ,
1	The acting is amateurish
2	The acting
1	is amateurish
0	the cinematography is atrocious
2	the cinematography
1	is atrocious
1	the direction is clumsy
2	the direction
1	is clumsy
1	the writing is insipid
2	the writing
1	is insipid
1	the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing
1	the violence
1	is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing
2	is at once
2	at once
1	luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing
1	luridly graphic and
2	luridly graphic
1	laughably unconvincing
1	Shows that Jackie Chan is getting older , and that 's something I would rather live in denial about
2	that Jackie Chan is getting older , and that 's something I would rather live in denial about
2	that Jackie Chan is getting older , and
2	that Jackie Chan is getting older ,
1	that Jackie Chan is getting older
2	Jackie Chan is getting older
2	Jackie Chan
2	is getting older
2	getting older
1	that 's something I would rather live in denial about
1	's something I would rather live in denial about
1	something I would rather live in denial about
2	I would rather live in denial about
2	would rather live in denial about
2	would rather
1	live in denial about
1	in denial about
2	denial about
2	With miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax , Killing Me Softly belongs firmly in the so-bad-it 's - good camp .
0	With miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax
0	miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax
0	miscast leads , banal dialogue and
0	miscast leads , banal dialogue
1	miscast leads ,
1	miscast leads
1	banal dialogue
0	an absurdly overblown climax
1	absurdly overblown climax
1	overblown climax
2	, Killing Me Softly belongs firmly in the so-bad-it 's - good camp .
2	Killing Me Softly belongs firmly in the so-bad-it 's - good camp .
2	Killing Me
2	Softly belongs firmly in the so-bad-it 's - good camp .
3	belongs firmly in the so-bad-it 's - good camp .
2	belongs firmly in the so-bad-it 's - good camp
2	belongs firmly
2	in the so-bad-it 's - good camp
3	the so-bad-it 's - good camp
1	the so-bad-it 's
1	so-bad-it 's
3	- good camp
3	good camp
2	Alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick .
1	, the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick .
1	the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick .
3	the black-and-white archival footage of their act
2	the black-and-white archival footage
3	black-and-white archival footage
2	archival footage
2	of their act
2	their act
1	showcases pretty mediocre shtick .
1	showcases pretty mediocre shtick
1	pretty mediocre shtick
1	pretty mediocre
0	The slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .
0	The slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat
0	The slapstick is labored , and
1	The slapstick is labored ,
1	The slapstick is labored
2	The slapstick
1	is labored
1	the bigger setpieces flat
2	the bigger setpieces
2	bigger setpieces
1	This is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
1	is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
2	is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks
2	the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks
2	the kind of movie
2	the kind
2	of movie
1	where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks
1	people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks
2	people who have never picked a lock
2	who have never picked a lock
2	have never picked a lock
2	have never
2	picked a lock
2	a lock
2	do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks
1	so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks
2	so easily
2	after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks
2	a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks
2	a few
2	tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks
2	tries and
2	become expert fighters after a few weeks
3	become expert fighters
3	expert fighters
2	after a few weeks
2	a few weeks
2	few weeks
1	The problem with the mayhem in Formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .
1	The problem with the mayhem in Formula 51
2	The problem
2	with the mayhem in Formula 51
1	the mayhem in Formula 51
2	the mayhem
2	in Formula 51
2	Formula 51
1	is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .
1	is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring
1	is not
1	that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring
1	that it 's offensive , but
1	that it 's offensive ,
1	that it 's offensive
0	it 's offensive
2	's offensive
1	that it 's boring
0	it 's boring
0	's boring
1	Much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché .
2	Much of the digitally altered footage
2	of the digitally altered footage
2	the digitally altered footage
1	digitally altered footage
2	altered footage
0	appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché .
1	appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché
2	jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché
1	jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor ,
1	jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor
2	jagged , as if
1	jagged ,
2	as if
1	filmed directly from a television monitor
3	filmed directly
3	from a television monitor
2	a television monitor
2	television monitor
1	while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché
0	the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché
1	the extensive use of stock footage
2	the extensive use
2	extensive use
2	of stock footage
1	stock footage
0	quickly becomes a tiresome cliché
1	becomes a tiresome cliché
1	a tiresome cliché
1	tiresome cliché
1	the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
2	the film
2	never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
2	rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
2	above a conventional , two dimension tale
2	a conventional , two dimension tale
2	a conventional ,
2	a conventional
3	two dimension tale
2	dimension tale
2	Mark Wahlberg ... may look classy in a '60s - homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry , dry , dry .
2	Mark Wahlberg
1	... may look classy in a '60s - homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry , dry , dry .
1	may look classy in a '60s - homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry , dry , dry .
1	may look classy in a '60s - homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry , dry , dry
1	look classy in a '60s - homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry , dry , dry
3	look classy in a '60s -
2	look classy in a '60s
2	classy in a '60s
3	in a '60s
2	a '60s
1	homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry , dry , dry
1	homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry ,
1	homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry
2	homage pokepie hat , but as a character
2	homage pokepie hat , but as
2	homage pokepie hat ,
2	homage pokepie hat
2	pokepie hat
3	but as
2	a character
1	he 's dry
1	's dry
2	dry , dry
1	, dry
1	Told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
1	Told in scattered fashion
2	in scattered fashion
2	scattered fashion
2	, the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
2	the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
2	the movie only
2	movie only
2	intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
4	lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
3	lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject
3	lives up
2	to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject
3	the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject
2	the stories and faces and
2	the stories and faces
2	stories and faces
2	stories and
2	music of the men who are its subject
2	music of the men
2	of the men
2	the men
2	who are its subject
2	are its subject
2	its subject
3	The irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own .
2	The irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own
2	The irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ;
3	The irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb
2	The irony
4	is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb
4	that this film 's cast is uniformly superb
3	this film 's cast is uniformly superb
2	this film 's cast
2	this film 's
2	film 's
4	is uniformly superb
4	uniformly superb
1	their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own
2	their performances
1	could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own
1	could have -- should have -- been allowed
2	could have -- should have --
1	could have -- should have
2	could have --
2	could have
2	should have
2	been allowed
2	to stand on their own
2	stand on their own
2	on their own
2	their own
2	Now I can see why people thought I was too hard on `` The Mothman Prophecies '' .
2	I can see why people thought I was too hard on `` The Mothman Prophecies '' .
2	can see why people thought I was too hard on `` The Mothman Prophecies '' .
1	can see why people thought I was too hard on `` The Mothman Prophecies ''
1	see why people thought I was too hard on `` The Mothman Prophecies ''
2	why people thought I was too hard on `` The Mothman Prophecies ''
1	people thought I was too hard on `` The Mothman Prophecies ''
2	thought I was too hard on `` The Mothman Prophecies ''
2	I was too hard on `` The Mothman Prophecies ''
2	was too hard on `` The Mothman Prophecies ''
2	too hard on `` The Mothman Prophecies ''
2	hard on `` The Mothman Prophecies ''
2	on `` The Mothman Prophecies ''
2	on `` The Mothman Prophecies
2	on ``
2	The Mothman Prophecies
2	Mothman Prophecies
4	If ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .
4	If ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter
4	ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter
2	ever a concept
2	a concept
4	came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter
4	handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter
4	handed down from the movie gods
1	handed down
3	from the movie gods
2	the movie gods
2	movie gods
2	on a silver platter
2	a silver platter
2	silver platter
2	, this is it .
2	this is it .
2	is it .
2	is it
0	If ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .
1	If ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution
1	ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution
1	such a dependable concept was botched in execution
3	such a dependable concept
3	a dependable concept
3	dependable concept
1	was botched in execution
1	botched in execution
1	in execution
2	, this is it .
2	this is it .
2	is it .
2	is it
3	With an unusual protagonist -LRB- a kilt-wearing Jackson -RRB- and subject matter , the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger .
2	With an unusual protagonist -LRB- a kilt-wearing Jackson -RRB- and subject matter , the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger
3	With an unusual protagonist -LRB- a kilt-wearing Jackson -RRB- and subject matter , the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but
3	With an unusual protagonist -LRB- a kilt-wearing Jackson -RRB- and subject matter , the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining ,
3	With an unusual protagonist -LRB- a kilt-wearing Jackson -RRB- and subject matter , the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining
2	With an unusual protagonist -LRB- a kilt-wearing Jackson -RRB- and subject matter
1	an unusual protagonist -LRB- a kilt-wearing Jackson -RRB- and subject matter
2	an unusual protagonist -LRB- a kilt-wearing Jackson -RRB- and
2	an unusual protagonist -LRB- a kilt-wearing Jackson -RRB-
2	an unusual protagonist -LRB- a kilt-wearing Jackson
2	an unusual protagonist -LRB-
2	an unusual protagonist
2	unusual protagonist
2	a kilt-wearing Jackson
1	kilt-wearing Jackson
2	subject matter
3	, the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining
3	the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining
2	the improbable `` Formula 51 ''
2	the improbable `` Formula 51
2	the improbable ``
2	the improbable
2	Formula 51
3	is somewhat entertaining
2	somewhat entertaining
2	it could have been much stronger
1	could have been much stronger
2	have been much stronger
2	been much stronger
3	much stronger
2	Sandra Bullock 's best dramatic performance to date -LRB- is -RRB- almost enough to lift -LRB- this -RRB- thrill-kill cat-and-mouser ... above its paint-by-numbers plot .
2	Sandra Bullock
2	's best dramatic performance to date -LRB- is -RRB- almost enough to lift -LRB- this -RRB- thrill-kill cat-and-mouser ... above its paint-by-numbers plot .
3	's best dramatic performance to date -LRB- is -RRB- almost enough to lift -LRB- this -RRB- thrill-kill cat-and-mouser ... above its paint-by-numbers plot
3	best dramatic performance to date -LRB- is -RRB- almost enough to lift -LRB- this -RRB- thrill-kill cat-and-mouser ... above its paint-by-numbers plot
3	best dramatic performance to date -LRB- is -RRB- almost enough
3	best dramatic performance to date -LRB- is -RRB-
4	best dramatic performance to date
4	best dramatic performance
3	dramatic performance
2	to date
2	-LRB- is -RRB-
2	is -RRB-
2	almost enough
1	to lift -LRB- this -RRB- thrill-kill cat-and-mouser ... above its paint-by-numbers plot
1	lift -LRB- this -RRB- thrill-kill cat-and-mouser ... above its paint-by-numbers plot
2	lift -LRB- this -RRB- thrill-kill cat-and-mouser ...
2	lift -LRB- this -RRB- thrill-kill cat-and-mouser
2	-LRB- this -RRB- thrill-kill cat-and-mouser
2	this -RRB- thrill-kill cat-and-mouser
2	this -RRB-
3	thrill-kill cat-and-mouser
2	above its paint-by-numbers plot
1	its paint-by-numbers plot
1	paint-by-numbers plot
1	A feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about .
3	A feel-good movie that
3	A feel-good movie
3	feel-good movie
1	does n't give you enough to feel good about .
1	does n't give you enough to feel good about
1	does n't
3	give you enough to feel good about
3	you enough to feel good about
3	enough to feel good about
3	to feel good about
3	feel good about
2	good about
3	Adolescents will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . '
1	will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . '
2	will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service .
2	will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
2	be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
2	adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
1	served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
2	served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick ,
1	served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick
0	by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick
1	the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick
1	the movie 's sophomoric blend
2	the movie 's
2	movie 's
2	sophomoric blend
2	of shenanigans and slapstick
3	shenanigans and slapstick
1	shenanigans and
1	although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
1	the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
2	the more lascivious-minded
2	more lascivious-minded
1	might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
1	be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
1	disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
2	in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
2	the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
2	the relative modesty
3	relative modesty
2	of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
2	a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
2	a movie
2	that sports a ` topless tutorial service
2	sports a ` topless tutorial service
2	a ` topless tutorial service
2	` topless tutorial service
2	topless tutorial service
2	tutorial service
1	This mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .
2	This mistaken-identity picture
2	mistaken-identity picture
1	is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .
1	is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost
2	is so film-culture referential
2	is so film-culture
2	so film-culture
1	that the final product is a ghost
3	the final product is a ghost
2	the final product
2	final product
2	is a ghost
2	a ghost
0	The picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
2	The picture
0	emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
0	emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment
0	as a surprisingly anemic disappointment
0	a surprisingly anemic disappointment
1	surprisingly anemic disappointment
2	surprisingly anemic
2	De Niro cries .
2	De Niro
2	cries .
0	You 'll cry for your money back .
0	'll cry for your money back .
1	'll cry for your money back
0	cry for your money back
2	cry for your money
2	for your money
2	your money
0	Slap me , I saw this movie .
1	Slap me
2	, I saw this movie .
2	I saw this movie .
2	saw this movie .
2	saw this movie
2	this movie
1	-LRB- The kid 's -RRB- just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow .
0	-LRB- The kid 's -RRB- just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow
1	-LRB- The kid 's -RRB- just too bratty for sympathy , and
1	-LRB- The kid 's -RRB- just too bratty for sympathy ,
1	-LRB- The kid 's -RRB- just too bratty for sympathy
1	The kid 's -RRB- just too bratty for sympathy
2	The kid 's
2	kid 's
1	-RRB- just too bratty for sympathy
1	just too bratty for sympathy
2	just too
1	bratty for sympathy
2	for sympathy
2	as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow
2	as the film grows to its finale
2	the film grows to its finale
2	the film
2	grows to its finale
2	to its finale
2	its finale
1	, his little changes ring hollow
2	his little changes ring hollow
2	his little changes
2	little changes
1	ring hollow
0	Behind the glitz , Hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
2	Behind the glitz
2	the glitz
0	, Hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
0	Hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
0	is sordid and disgusting .
0	is sordid and disgusting
0	sordid and disgusting
1	sordid and
2	Quelle surprise !
2	surprise !
1	Scherfig , who has had a successful career in TV , tackles more than she can handle .
2	Scherfig , who has had a successful career in TV ,
3	Scherfig , who has had a successful career in TV
2	Scherfig ,
2	who has had a successful career in TV
3	has had a successful career in TV
2	had a successful career in TV
3	a successful career in TV
3	a successful career
2	successful career
2	in TV
1	tackles more than she can handle .
1	tackles more than she can handle
1	more than she can handle
2	than she can handle
2	she can handle
3	can handle
1	Just consider what New Best Friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .
1	consider what New Best Friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .
1	consider what New Best Friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay
1	what New Best Friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay
1	New Best Friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay
2	New Best Friend
2	Best Friend
1	does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay
2	does not have ,
3	does not have
2	does not
1	beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay
2	with the minor omission of a screenplay
2	the minor omission of a screenplay
2	the minor omission
2	minor omission
2	of a screenplay
2	a screenplay
1	Oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material
4	Oscar caliber cast
3	caliber cast
1	does n't live up to material
1	does n't
3	live up to material
2	live up
2	to material
2	The problems of the people in Love in the Time of Money are hardly specific to their era .
2	The problems of the people in Love in the Time of Money
2	The problems
2	of the people in Love in the Time of Money
2	the people in Love in the Time of Money
2	the people
2	in Love in the Time of Money
3	Love in the Time of Money
2	in the Time of Money
2	the Time of Money
2	the Time
2	of Money
2	are hardly specific to their era .
3	are hardly specific to their era
2	hardly specific to their era
2	specific to their era
2	to their era
2	their era
1	They just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .
1	just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .
1	have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .
0	have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way
2	problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way
2	problems ,
1	which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way
0	are neither original nor are presented in convincing way
2	are neither original nor
1	are neither original
1	neither original
3	are presented in convincing way
3	presented in convincing way
2	in convincing way
3	convincing way
1	Carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , Chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master . '
1	Carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders
1	Carrying this wafer-thin movie
1	this wafer-thin movie
1	wafer-thin movie
2	on his nimble shoulders
2	his nimble shoulders
3	nimble shoulders
2	, Chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master . '
1	Chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master . '
2	Chan wades
1	through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master . '
1	putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master . '
1	putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master .
0	putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
0	putrid writing , direction and timing
2	writing , direction and timing
2	, direction and timing
2	direction and timing
2	direction and
3	with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
2	a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
3	a smile
2	that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
2	says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
2	says , `
2	says ,
3	If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
3	If I stay positive
3	I stay positive
3	stay positive
3	, maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
2	maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
3	I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
2	can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
2	channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
3	one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
3	of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
4	my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
4	my greatest pictures ,
3	my greatest pictures
3	greatest pictures
2	Drunken Master
0	So putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
0	putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
1	putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film
1	putrid it is not worth
1	it is not worth
1	is not worth
1	is not
1	the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film
3	the price
0	of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film
1	the match that should be used to burn every print of the film
2	the match
1	that should be used to burn every print of the film
1	should be used to burn every print of the film
1	be used to burn every print of the film
1	used to burn every print of the film
1	to burn every print of the film
2	burn every print of the film
2	every print of the film
2	every print
2	of the film
2	the film
0	In the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
2	In the end
2	the end
0	, the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
0	the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
2	the movie
1	bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
0	bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate
1	bogs down in insignificance ,
0	bogs down in insignificance
2	bogs down
1	in insignificance
1	saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate
2	saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and
2	saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination
2	nothing about Kennedy 's assassination
2	about Kennedy 's assassination
2	Kennedy 's assassination
2	Kennedy 's
3	revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate
1	revealing nothing
2	about the pathology it pretends to investigate
1	the pathology it pretends to investigate
2	the pathology
1	it pretends to investigate
2	pretends to investigate
3	to investigate
1	Starts out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés .
1	out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés .
3	out ballsy and stylish
2	ballsy and stylish
3	ballsy and
1	but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés .
1	but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés
1	fails to keep it up and settles into clichés
1	fails to keep it up and
2	fails to keep it up
2	to keep it up
4	keep it up
2	keep it
1	settles into clichés
1	into clichés
1	Sometimes makes less sense than the Bruckheimeresque American action flicks it emulates .
1	makes less sense than the Bruckheimeresque American action flicks it emulates .
1	makes less sense than the Bruckheimeresque American action flicks it emulates
1	less sense than the Bruckheimeresque American action flicks it emulates
2	less sense
1	than the Bruckheimeresque American action flicks it emulates
2	the Bruckheimeresque American action flicks it emulates
2	the Bruckheimeresque American action
2	Bruckheimeresque American action
2	American action
2	flicks it emulates
2	it emulates
1	One of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .
2	One of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone
1	of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone
2	those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone
2	those films
1	where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone
0	the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone
2	the characters
2	inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone
1	inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids ,
1	inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids
1	inhabit that special annex of hell
0	that special annex of hell
2	that special annex
2	special annex
1	of hell
2	where adults behave like kids
1	adults behave like kids
1	behave like kids
2	like kids
1	children behave like adults and everyone
2	behave like adults and everyone
2	like adults and everyone
2	adults and everyone
2	adults and
1	screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .
1	screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation
2	at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation
2	the top of their lungs no matter what the situation
3	the top of their lungs
2	the top
2	of their lungs
2	their lungs
2	no matter what the situation
2	no matter what
2	no matter
2	the situation
0	There 's only one way to kill Michael Myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .
1	's only one way to kill Michael Myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .
0	's only one way to kill Michael Myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies
2	's only one way
2	only one way
2	one way
1	to kill Michael Myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies
0	kill Michael Myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies
2	kill Michael Myers for good :
3	kill Michael Myers for good
3	Michael Myers for good
2	Michael Myers
3	for good
1	stop buying tickets to these movies
0	stop buying tickets
2	buying tickets
2	to these movies
2	these movies
2	` Rare Birds ' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience .
1	Rare Birds ' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience .
2	Rare Birds
1	' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience .
1	tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience .
1	tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience
2	to force its quirkiness upon the audience
2	force its quirkiness upon the audience
1	force its quirkiness
2	its quirkiness
2	upon the audience
2	the audience
0	The movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .
2	The movie
1	is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .
0	is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive
2	is about as humorous as
2	about as humorous as
1	about as humorous
2	about as
0	watching your favorite pet get buried alive
1	your favorite pet get buried alive
2	your favorite pet
2	favorite pet
2	get buried alive
2	buried alive
2	Resident Evil is what comes from taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings .
3	Resident Evil
1	is what comes from taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings .
2	is what comes from taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings
1	what comes from taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings
2	comes from taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings
1	from taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings
2	taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings
2	taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and
2	taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars
2	John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars
2	John Carpenter 's Ghosts
2	John Carpenter 's
2	Carpenter 's
2	of Mars
2	eliminating the beheadings
2	the beheadings
0	In other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .
1	In other words , about as bad a film
0	other words , about as bad a film
2	other words , about
2	other words ,
2	other words
0	as bad a film
1	as bad
2	a film
3	you 're likely to see all year .
2	're likely to see all year .
2	're likely to see all year
3	likely to see all year
2	to see all year
2	see all year
2	all year
1	Five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before .
0	Five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before
1	Five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ;
1	Five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay
2	Five screenwriters
1	are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay
2	credited with the cliché-laden screenplay
1	with the cliché-laden screenplay
1	the cliché-laden screenplay
1	cliché-laden screenplay
1	it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before
1	seems as if each watered down the version of the one before
2	as if each watered down the version of the one before
1	if each watered down the version of the one before
1	each watered down the version of the one before
1	watered down the version of the one before
1	watered down the version of the one
1	watered down
2	the version of the one
2	the version
2	of the one
2	the one
1	The whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break .
2	The whole thing
3	whole thing
0	comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break .
0	comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break
2	comes off
1	like a particularly amateurish episode of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break
1	a particularly amateurish episode of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break
1	a particularly amateurish episode
1	particularly amateurish episode
1	particularly amateurish
3	of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break
2	Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break
2	that takes place during Spring Break
2	takes place during Spring Break
2	takes place
2	during Spring Break
2	Spring Break
1	Well made but uninvolving , Bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
2	Well made but uninvolving
1	made but uninvolving
1	but uninvolving
2	, Bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
1	Bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
1	is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
1	is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery
1	is n't
0	a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery
0	a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one --
0	a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one
0	a terrible movie , just
0	a terrible movie ,
0	a terrible movie
1	terrible movie
1	a stultifyingly obvious one
2	stultifyingly obvious one
1	stultifyingly obvious
2	an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery
1	an unrewarding collar
1	unrewarding collar
2	for a murder mystery
2	a murder mystery
2	murder mystery
1	So we got Ten Little Indians meets Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat .
1	we got Ten Little Indians meets Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat .
2	got Ten Little Indians meets Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat .
1	got Ten Little Indians meets Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
1	Ten Little Indians meets Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
2	Ten Little Indians
2	Little Indians
1	meets Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
2	Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
1	Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober ,
2	Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober
2	Friday the 13th by way
2	Friday the 13th by
3	Friday the 13th
2	Friday the
3	of Clean and Sober
2	Clean and Sober
3	Clean and
1	filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
2	filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and
2	filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing
2	on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing
2	the set of Carpenter 's The Thing
2	the set
2	of Carpenter 's The Thing
2	Carpenter 's The Thing
2	's The Thing
2	The Thing
1	loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
1	with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
1	actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
2	you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
1	're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
1	most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
1	likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
2	to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
2	find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
2	on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
1	the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
2	the next inevitable incarnation
2	next inevitable incarnation
2	inevitable incarnation
2	of The Love Boat
2	The Love Boat
2	Love Boat
1	The movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster .
2	The movie 's blatant derivativeness
2	The movie 's
2	movie 's
1	blatant derivativeness
0	is one reason it 's so lackluster .
2	is one reason it 's so lackluster
1	one reason it 's so lackluster
2	one reason
0	it 's so lackluster
2	's so lackluster
1	so lackluster
1	Kids do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people .
1	do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people .
1	do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people
2	do n't
2	mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people
1	mind crappy movies as much as adults ,
1	mind crappy movies as much as adults
1	mind crappy movies as much
0	mind crappy movies
1	crappy movies
2	as much
2	as adults
2	provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people
2	there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people
3	's lots of cute animals and clumsy people
3	lots of cute animals and clumsy people
3	of cute animals and clumsy people
2	cute animals and clumsy people
3	cute animals and
4	cute animals
2	clumsy people
2	` Snow Dogs ' has both .
2	Snow Dogs ' has both .
2	Snow Dogs
2	' has both .
2	has both .
2	has both
2	It 's almost as if it 's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film .
1	's almost as if it 's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film .
2	's almost as if it 's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film
1	almost as if it 's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film
2	almost as
1	if it 's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film
2	it 's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film
2	's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film
2	an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film
2	an elaborate dare more
2	an elaborate dare
2	elaborate dare
2	than a full-blooded film
3	a full-blooded film
2	full-blooded film
2	Wobbly Senegalese updating of `` Carmen '' which is best for the stunning star turn by Djeinaba Diop Gai
3	Senegalese updating of `` Carmen '' which is best for the stunning star turn by Djeinaba Diop Gai
2	Senegalese updating of `` Carmen ''
2	Senegalese updating
2	of `` Carmen ''
2	`` Carmen ''
2	Carmen ''
4	which is best for the stunning star turn by Djeinaba Diop Gai
3	is best for the stunning star turn by Djeinaba Diop Gai
4	best for the stunning star turn by Djeinaba Diop Gai
4	for the stunning star turn by Djeinaba Diop Gai
4	the stunning star turn by Djeinaba Diop Gai
3	the stunning star turn
4	stunning star turn
2	star turn
2	by Djeinaba Diop Gai
3	Djeinaba Diop Gai
2	Diop Gai
1	It 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long .
2	's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long .
2	's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long
1	the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long
2	the humanizing stuff
3	humanizing stuff
1	that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long
1	will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long
3	will probably
1	sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long
2	the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long
3	the film for anyone
2	the film
3	for anyone
3	who does n't think about percentages all day long
2	does n't think about percentages all day long
1	does n't
2	think about percentages all day long
2	think about percentages all day
2	about percentages all day
2	percentages all day
2	all day
3	Ken Russell would love this .
2	Ken Russell
3	would love this .
2	would love this
4	love this
1	In one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and Meat Loaf explodes .
2	In one scene
2	one scene
1	, we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and Meat Loaf explodes .
1	we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and Meat Loaf explodes .
2	get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and Meat Loaf explodes .
2	get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and Meat Loaf explodes
2	a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and Meat Loaf explodes
1	a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and
1	a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout --
1	a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout
3	a stab at soccer hooliganism ,
1	a stab at soccer hooliganism
1	a stab
1	at soccer hooliganism
2	soccer hooliganism
2	a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout
2	a double-barreled rip-off
0	double-barreled rip-off
2	of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout
3	Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout
2	Quentin Tarantino 's
2	Tarantino 's
2	climactic shootout
2	Meat Loaf explodes
2	Loaf explodes
2	Bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies .
3	is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies .
3	is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies
2	is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days
3	is the picture of health with boundless energy
3	the picture of health with boundless energy
2	the picture
2	of health with boundless energy
3	health with boundless energy
3	with boundless energy
3	boundless energy
2	until a few days
2	a few days
2	few days
1	before she dies
1	she dies
0	This is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
0	is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
0	is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer
0	absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer
1	absolutely and completely ridiculous and
0	absolutely and completely ridiculous
1	and completely ridiculous
0	completely ridiculous
0	an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer
1	an insult to every family
1	an insult
2	to every family
3	every family
2	whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer
2	whose mother
2	has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer
1	suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer
1	suffered through the horrible pains of a death
1	through the horrible pains of a death
1	the horrible pains of a death
1	the horrible pains
0	horrible pains
2	of a death
2	a death
2	by cancer
1	The premise of `` Abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess .
1	The premise of `` Abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess
3	The premise of `` Abandon '' holds promise , ... but
3	The premise of `` Abandon '' holds promise , ...
3	The premise of `` Abandon '' holds promise ,
2	The premise of `` Abandon ''
2	The premise
2	of `` Abandon ''
1	`` Abandon ''
1	Abandon ''
3	holds promise ,
3	holds promise
0	its delivery is a complete mess
2	its delivery
1	is a complete mess
0	a complete mess
1	complete mess
2	What could have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless special-effects excess .
3	What could have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology
2	could have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology
2	have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology
2	been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology
3	a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology
3	a pointed little chiller
2	pointed little chiller
2	little chiller
2	about the frightening seductiveness of new technology
2	the frightening seductiveness of new technology
2	the frightening seductiveness
2	frightening seductiveness
2	of new technology
2	new technology
0	loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless special-effects excess .
1	loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless special-effects excess
1	loses faith in its own viability and
1	loses faith in its own viability
1	loses faith
2	in its own viability
2	its own viability
2	own viability
1	succumbs to joyless special-effects excess
0	to joyless special-effects excess
1	joyless special-effects excess
2	special-effects excess
1	A little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon Wedding serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the Bollywood films .
1	A little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon Wedding
1	little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon Wedding
1	little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon
2	too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon
1	ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon
1	to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon
1	work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon
2	work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough
1	work as shallow entertainment ,
2	work as shallow entertainment
1	as shallow entertainment
2	shallow entertainment
1	not remotely incisive enough
2	remotely incisive enough
2	incisive enough
2	to qualify as drama , Monsoon
2	qualify as drama , Monsoon
2	as drama , Monsoon
2	drama , Monsoon
1	drama ,
3	serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the Bollywood films .
2	serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the Bollywood films
2	serves mostly
3	to whet one 's appetite for the Bollywood films
3	whet one 's appetite for the Bollywood films
3	one 's appetite for the Bollywood films
2	one 's appetite
2	one 's
2	for the Bollywood films
2	the Bollywood films
2	Bollywood films
1	Unless Bob Crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .
2	Unless Bob Crane is someone of particular interest to you
2	Bob Crane is someone of particular interest to you
2	Bob Crane
2	is someone of particular interest to you
2	someone of particular interest to you
2	of particular interest to you
2	particular interest to you
3	particular interest
2	to you
1	, this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .
2	this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .
3	this film 's impressive performances and adept direction
3	this film 's impressive performances and
3	this film 's impressive performances
2	this film 's
2	film 's
4	impressive performances
2	adept direction
1	are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .
1	are n't likely to leave a lasting impression
1	are n't
3	likely to leave a lasting impression
2	to leave a lasting impression
3	leave a lasting impression
3	a lasting impression
3	lasting impression
2	The Rock has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer CGI effects .
2	The Rock
3	has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer CGI effects .
2	has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer CGI effects
2	a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer CGI effects
4	a great presence
4	great presence
2	but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer CGI effects
2	one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer CGI effects
2	one battle
1	after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer CGI effects
2	another is not the same as one battle followed by killer CGI effects
2	is not the same as one battle followed by killer CGI effects
1	is not
3	the same as one battle followed by killer CGI effects
2	the same
2	as one battle followed by killer CGI effects
3	one battle followed by killer CGI effects
2	one battle
3	followed by killer CGI effects
3	by killer CGI effects
3	killer CGI effects
3	CGI effects
3	The bottom line with Nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : Fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it .
1	The bottom line with Nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : Fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it
2	The bottom line with Nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series :
2	The bottom line with Nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series
2	The bottom line with Nemesis
2	The bottom line
2	bottom line
2	with Nemesis
2	is the same as it has been with all the films in the series
2	is the same
2	the same
2	as it has been with all the films in the series
2	it has been with all the films in the series
2	has been with all the films in the series
2	been with all the films in the series
2	been with all the films
2	with all the films
2	all the films
2	the films
3	in the series
2	the series
2	Fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it
3	Fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and
4	Fans will undoubtedly enjoy it ,
3	Fans will undoubtedly enjoy it
4	will undoubtedly enjoy it
2	will undoubtedly
3	enjoy it
2	the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it
2	the uncommitted
1	need n't waste their time on it
2	need n't
1	waste their time on it
1	waste their time
2	their time
3	on it
1	The lousy John Q all but spits out Denzel Washington 's fine performance in the title role .
0	The lousy John Q
1	lousy John Q
2	John Q
3	all but spits out Denzel Washington 's fine performance in the title role .
2	all but
2	spits out Denzel Washington 's fine performance in the title role .
4	spits out Denzel Washington 's fine performance in the title role
1	spits out
4	Denzel Washington 's fine performance in the title role
4	Denzel Washington 's fine performance
2	Denzel Washington 's
2	Washington 's
3	fine performance
2	in the title role
2	the title role
2	title role
0	The whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .
2	The whole thing
3	whole thing
0	feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .
0	feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
0	like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
2	a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
2	a ruse ,
2	a ruse
0	a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
0	tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
0	to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
0	cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
2	cover up the fact
2	cover up
2	the fact
2	that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
1	the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
2	the picture
1	is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
0	constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
0	around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
0	a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
3	a core
1	of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
0	flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
1	-- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
2	-- or , worse yet , nonexistent --
1	or , worse yet , nonexistent --
1	, worse yet , nonexistent --
2	worse yet , nonexistent --
1	worse yet
2	, nonexistent --
2	nonexistent --
0	What a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !
1	What a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this
0	a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this
0	a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess
0	stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess
1	unfunny and unoriginal mess
1	and unoriginal mess
1	unoriginal mess
2	is !
1	The film is so packed with subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film .
2	The film
2	is so packed with subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film .
1	is so packed with subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film
1	so packed with subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film
1	packed with subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film
1	with subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film
1	subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film
0	involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film
2	involving the various Silbersteins
2	the various Silbersteins
2	various Silbersteins
1	that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film
0	it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film
1	feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film
1	feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series
1	more like the pilot episode of a TV series
2	like the pilot episode of a TV series
2	the pilot episode of a TV series
2	the pilot episode
3	pilot episode
2	of a TV series
2	a TV series
2	TV series
2	than a feature film
2	a feature film
2	feature film
1	Opera on film is never satisfactory .
2	Opera on film
2	on film
1	is never satisfactory .
1	is never satisfactory
2	is never
3	The art demands live viewing .
2	The art demands
2	art demands
2	live viewing .
2	live viewing
0	The innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .
3	The innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions
2	The innate theatrics
2	innate theatrics
3	that provide its thrills and extreme emotions
3	provide its thrills and extreme emotions
3	its thrills and extreme emotions
3	thrills and extreme emotions
3	thrills and extreme
2	thrills and
0	lose their luster when flattened onscreen .
2	lose their luster when flattened onscreen
1	lose their luster
3	their luster
2	when flattened onscreen
2	flattened onscreen
0	Despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .
2	Despite all the closed-door hanky-panky
2	all the closed-door hanky-panky
2	the closed-door hanky-panky
2	closed-door hanky-panky
2	, the film is essentially juiceless .
1	the film is essentially juiceless .
2	the film
1	is essentially juiceless .
2	is essentially juiceless
1	essentially juiceless
1	It is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
1	is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
0	parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
0	, accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
0	accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
2	accessible to a chosen few
2	to a chosen few
2	a chosen few
2	chosen few
1	, standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
1	standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
1	standoffish to everyone else
2	to everyone else
2	everyone else
1	, and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
3	, and
2	smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
1	suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
2	suggests a superior moral tone is more important
2	a superior moral tone is more important
4	a superior moral tone
3	superior moral tone
2	moral tone
2	is more important
2	more important
2	than filmmaking skill
2	filmmaking skill
1	The Sweetest Thing leaves an awful sour taste .
2	The Sweetest Thing
4	Sweetest Thing
2	leaves an awful sour taste .
0	leaves an awful sour taste
1	an awful sour taste
1	awful sour taste
1	sour taste
1	It 's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .
1	's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .
1	's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
1	lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
2	lost the politics and the social observation and
1	lost the politics and the social observation
2	the politics and the social observation
2	the politics and
2	the politics
2	the social observation
2	social observation
0	become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
2	become just another situation romance
1	just another situation romance
2	another situation romance
2	situation romance
0	about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
0	a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
2	a couple
1	of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
1	saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
0	stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
1	in an inarticulate screenplay
1	an inarticulate screenplay
2	inarticulate screenplay
1	Terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ... The movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .
0	Terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing
0	Terminally bland , painfully slow and
0	Terminally bland , painfully slow
3	Terminally bland ,
1	Terminally bland
0	painfully slow
1	needlessly confusing
1	... The movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .
0	The movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .
1	The movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable
2	The movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film ,
1	The movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film
2	The movie ,
2	The movie
1	shot on digital videotape rather than film
2	on digital videotape rather than film
2	digital videotape rather than film
2	digital videotape rather than
2	digital videotape
2	rather than
2	is frequently indecipherable
2	is frequently
3	As dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .
1	As dumb and cheesy
0	dumb and cheesy
1	dumb and
1	as they may be , the cartoons look almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .
2	as they may be
2	they may be
2	may be
1	, the cartoons look almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .
3	the cartoons look almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .
2	the cartoons
2	look almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .
1	look almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy
3	almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy
3	almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth --
3	Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth --
2	-- both in depth and breadth --
2	both in depth and breadth --
2	both in depth and breadth
2	in depth and breadth
2	depth and breadth
2	depth and
1	after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy
1	watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy
1	this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy
2	digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy
2	, supposed family-friendly comedy
2	supposed family-friendly comedy
3	family-friendly comedy
0	Aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
1	Aloof and
0	lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
1	lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships
1	any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships
2	any real raw emotion ,
2	any real raw emotion
3	real raw emotion
3	raw emotion
2	which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships
1	is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships
1	fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships
2	for a film that relies on personal relationships
3	a film that relies on personal relationships
2	a film
2	that relies on personal relationships
2	relies on personal relationships
2	on personal relationships
2	personal relationships
1	A low-rent retread of the Alien pictures .
1	A low-rent retread of the Alien
1	A low-rent retread
1	low-rent retread
2	of the Alien
2	the Alien
2	pictures .
2	Serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst .
1	Serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst
1	Serviceable at best , slightly less
2	at best , slightly less
2	at best , slightly
2	at best ,
2	at best
2	than serviceable at worst
0	serviceable at worst
2	at worst
1	Its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .
3	Its initial excitement
2	initial excitement
2	settles into a warmed over pastiche .
2	settles into a warmed over pastiche
1	into a warmed over pastiche
2	a warmed over pastiche
3	warmed over pastiche
2	warmed over
1	A big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .
2	A big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally
2	A big meal
2	big meal
1	of cliches that the talented cast generally
2	cliches that the talented cast generally
3	that the talented cast generally
3	the talented cast generally
3	the talented
2	cast generally
1	chokes on .
2	chokes on
1	The story has little wit and no surprises .
2	The story
1	has little wit and no surprises .
2	has little wit and no surprises
0	little wit and no surprises
2	little wit and
1	little wit
1	no surprises
1	The Merchant-Ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
2	The Merchant-Ivory team
2	Merchant-Ivory team
0	continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
0	continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
0	to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
0	systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
1	destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
1	everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
1	we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
1	hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
3	hold dear about cinema ,
3	hold dear about cinema
2	hold dear
2	about cinema
1	only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
2	now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
1	it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
1	's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
1	begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
1	to split up so that it can do even more damage
1	split up so that it can do even more damage
2	split up
2	so that it can do even more damage
2	that it can do even more damage
1	it can do even more damage
1	can do even more damage
2	do even more damage
2	even more damage
2	even more
0	What should have been a cutting Hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of Variety .
2	What should have been a cutting Hollywood satire
1	should have been a cutting Hollywood satire
2	have been a cutting Hollywood satire
2	been a cutting Hollywood satire
3	a cutting Hollywood satire
3	cutting Hollywood satire
3	Hollywood satire
1	is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of Variety .
1	is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of Variety
2	is instead about as fresh
2	is instead
2	about as fresh
3	as fresh
2	as last week 's issue of Variety
2	last week 's issue of Variety
2	last week 's issue
2	last week 's
2	week 's
2	of Variety
0	Hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
0	everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
1	, wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
1	wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
1	watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
1	watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
1	a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
2	a movie
1	in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
2	in which
1	a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
2	a guy
0	dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
1	as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
1	a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
1	a children 's party clown
2	a children 's
2	children 's
2	party clown
0	gets violently gang-raped
2	violently gang-raped
2	I did n't think so .
2	did n't think so .
2	did n't think so
2	did n't
2	think so
1	A little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .
2	A little more intensity and a little less charm
2	A little more intensity and
1	A little more intensity
2	little more intensity
2	little more
1	a little less charm
2	little less charm
2	little less
1	would have saved this film a world of hurt .
1	would have saved this film a world of hurt
3	have saved this film a world of hurt
2	saved this film a world of hurt
3	saved this film
2	this film
1	a world of hurt
2	a world
2	of hurt
0	-LRB- T -RRB- his slop does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen .
1	-LRB- T -RRB- his slop
2	-LRB- T -RRB-
2	T -RRB-
1	his slop
1	does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen .
0	does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen
2	does n't even
1	does n't
2	have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen
3	have potential as a cult film ,
3	have potential as a cult film
3	have potential
3	as a cult film
2	a cult film
3	cult film
1	as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen
1	it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen
0	's too loud to shout insults at the screen
1	's too loud
1	too loud
1	to shout insults at the screen
1	shout insults at the screen
2	shout insults
2	at the screen
2	the screen
0	The movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
2	The movie 's plot
2	The movie 's
2	movie 's
0	is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
0	is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh
0	is almost entirely witless and inane ,
0	almost entirely witless and inane ,
0	entirely witless and inane ,
0	entirely witless and inane
0	entirely witless and
0	entirely witless
2	carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh
2	carrying every gag two or three times
1	every gag two or three times
1	gag two or three times
2	two or three times
2	or three times
2	three times
1	beyond its limit to sustain a laugh
1	its limit to sustain a laugh
2	limit to sustain a laugh
3	to sustain a laugh
2	sustain a laugh
3	a laugh
1	... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .
1	may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .
1	may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence
2	work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence
2	as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence
2	an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence
3	an addictive guilty pleasure but the material
3	an addictive guilty pleasure
3	addictive guilty pleasure
2	guilty pleasure
2	but the material
2	the material
1	never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence
2	overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence
1	its questionable satirical ambivalence
1	questionable satirical ambivalence
2	satirical ambivalence
2	This Scarlet 's letter is A. . .
2	This Scarlet 's letter
2	This Scarlet 's
2	Scarlet 's
3	is A. . .
3	is A. .
2	is A.
1	as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .
1	as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary
1	in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary
1	aimless , arduous , and arbitrary
1	aimless , arduous , and
1	aimless , arduous ,
1	aimless , arduous
1	aimless ,
1	Plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .
1	like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .
2	like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp
2	a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp
2	a glossy melodrama
1	glossy melodrama
2	that occasionally verges on camp
2	occasionally verges on camp
2	verges on camp
2	on camp
2	The central character is n't complex enough to hold our interest .
2	The central character
2	central character
1	is n't complex enough to hold our interest .
1	is n't complex enough to hold our interest
1	is n't
3	complex enough to hold our interest
3	complex enough
2	to hold our interest
2	hold our interest
2	our interest
2	A modestly comic , modestly action-oriented World War II adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight .
2	A modestly comic , modestly action-oriented World War II adventure that , in terms of authenticity ,
3	A modestly comic , modestly action-oriented World War II adventure that , in terms of authenticity
3	A modestly comic , modestly action-oriented World War II adventure that ,
3	A modestly comic , modestly action-oriented World War II adventure that
3	A modestly comic , modestly action-oriented World War II adventure
3	modestly comic , modestly action-oriented World War II adventure
2	modestly comic
3	, modestly action-oriented World War II adventure
2	modestly action-oriented World War II adventure
3	action-oriented World War II adventure
2	action-oriented World War II
3	action-oriented World War
2	action-oriented World
2	in terms of authenticity
3	terms of authenticity
2	of authenticity
1	is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight .
1	is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight
1	one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight
3	of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight
1	those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight
2	those films
3	that requires the enemy to never shoot straight
2	requires the enemy to never shoot straight
2	the enemy to never shoot straight
2	enemy to never shoot straight
3	to never shoot straight
1	never shoot straight
2	shoot straight
1	A puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .
1	A puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
2	A puppy dog
2	puppy dog
0	so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
1	desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
1	for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
2	attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
2	it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
1	nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
0	breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
2	its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
2	its little neck
2	little neck
2	trying to perform entertaining tricks
3	to perform entertaining tricks
3	perform entertaining tricks
3	entertaining tricks
1	Just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making Ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
2	Just about all of the film
2	Just about all
2	about all
2	of the film
2	the film
1	is confusing on one level or another , making Ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
1	is confusing on one level or another , making Ararat far more demanding than it needs to be
1	confusing on one level or another , making Ararat far more demanding than it needs to be
1	confusing on one level or another ,
1	confusing on one level or another
2	on one level or another
2	one level or another
2	one level or
3	one level
1	making Ararat far more demanding than it needs to be
1	Ararat far more demanding than it needs to be
1	far more demanding than it needs to be
2	far more
1	demanding than it needs to be
2	than it needs to be
2	it needs to be
2	needs to be
2	to be
1	A little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium .
2	A little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and
2	A little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them ,
2	A little less extreme
2	A little
2	less extreme
2	than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them ,
2	than in the past
2	in the past
2	the past
2	, with longer exposition sequences between them ,
2	with longer exposition sequences between them ,
2	with longer exposition sequences between them
1	longer exposition sequences between them
2	longer exposition sequences
2	exposition sequences
2	between them
1	with fewer gags to break the tedium .
1	with fewer gags to break the tedium
1	fewer gags to break the tedium
1	gags to break the tedium
1	to break the tedium
2	break the tedium
1	the tedium
1	There 's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film .
1	's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film .
1	's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film
0	a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film
1	a heavy stench of ` been there , done
1	a heavy stench
1	heavy stench
2	of ` been there , done
2	of `
1	been there , done
2	there , done
2	, done
2	that ' hanging over the film
1	' hanging over the film
2	hanging over the film
2	over the film
2	the film
2	It 's everything you 'd expect -- but nothing more .
1	's everything you 'd expect -- but nothing more .
2	's everything you 'd expect -- but nothing more
1	everything you 'd expect -- but nothing more
1	you 'd expect -- but nothing more
2	'd expect -- but nothing more
2	expect -- but nothing more
2	expect -- but nothing
2	expect --
2	but nothing
1	The biggest problem with Satin Rouge is Lilia herself .
2	The biggest problem with Satin Rouge
1	The biggest problem
2	biggest problem
2	with Satin Rouge
2	Satin Rouge
2	is Lilia herself .
2	is Lilia herself
2	Lilia herself
2	She 's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but does n't reveal an inner life .
2	's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but does n't reveal an inner life .
1	's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but does n't reveal an inner life
2	's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but
2	's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns
2	a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns
2	a cipher ,
2	a cipher
1	played by an actress who smiles and frowns
2	by an actress who smiles and frowns
2	an actress who smiles and frowns
3	an actress
2	who smiles and frowns
2	smiles and frowns
3	smiles and
2	does n't reveal an inner life
1	does n't
2	reveal an inner life
2	an inner life
2	inner life
3	A quaint , romanticized rendering .
4	A quaint , romanticized rendering
3	A quaint ,
3	A quaint
3	romanticized rendering
2	What with the incessant lounge music playing in the film 's background , you may mistake Love Liza for an Adam Sandler Chanukah song .
1	What with the incessant lounge music playing in the film 's background
1	with the incessant lounge music playing in the film 's background
2	the incessant lounge music playing in the film 's background
1	the incessant lounge music
2	incessant lounge music
2	lounge music
2	playing in the film 's background
2	in the film 's background
2	the film 's background
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	, you may mistake Love Liza for an Adam Sandler Chanukah song .
2	you may mistake Love Liza for an Adam Sandler Chanukah song .
1	may mistake Love Liza for an Adam Sandler Chanukah song .
1	may mistake Love Liza for an Adam Sandler Chanukah song
1	mistake Love Liza for an Adam Sandler Chanukah song
2	Love Liza for an Adam Sandler Chanukah song
4	Love Liza
2	for an Adam Sandler Chanukah song
2	an Adam Sandler Chanukah song
2	Adam Sandler Chanukah song
2	Sandler Chanukah song
2	Chanukah song
2	The movie 's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness .
1	The movie 's heavy-handed screenplay
2	The movie 's
2	movie 's
2	heavy-handed screenplay
1	navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness .
1	navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness
2	navigates a fast fade
1	a fast fade
1	fast fade
1	into pomposity and pretentiousness
0	pomposity and pretentiousness
3	pomposity and
1	A potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .
3	A potentially good comic premise and excellent cast
3	A potentially good comic premise and
3	A potentially good comic premise
3	potentially good comic premise
3	potentially good
2	comic premise
4	excellent cast
0	are terribly wasted .
1	are terribly wasted
2	are terribly
1	Woody Allen used to ridicule movies like Hollywood Ending .
2	Woody Allen
2	used to ridicule movies like Hollywood Ending .
1	used to ridicule movies like Hollywood Ending
2	used to ridicule movies
2	to ridicule movies
2	ridicule movies
2	like Hollywood Ending
2	Hollywood Ending
2	Now he makes them .
2	he makes them .
2	makes them .
2	makes them
2	She 's not yet an actress , not quite a singer ...
1	's not yet an actress , not quite a singer ...
2	's not yet an actress , not quite a singer
2	's not yet
2	's not
1	an actress , not quite a singer
2	an actress , not quite
2	an actress , not
2	an actress ,
3	an actress
2	a singer
2	Not a bad premise , but the execution is lackluster at best .
3	Not a bad premise
1	a bad premise
1	bad premise
1	, but the execution is lackluster at best .
2	, but the execution is lackluster at best
2	, but
1	the execution is lackluster at best
1	the execution
1	is lackluster at best
0	lackluster at best
2	at best
1	Been there done that .
1	Been there done that
1	there done that
2	done that
1	There is only so much baked cardboard I need to chew .
1	is only so much baked cardboard I need to chew .
1	is only so much baked cardboard I need to chew
0	only so much baked cardboard I need to chew
0	only so much baked cardboard
2	so much baked cardboard
1	much baked cardboard
1	baked cardboard
2	I need to chew
2	need to chew
2	to chew
1	A movie like The Guys is why film criticism can be considered work .
2	A movie like The Guys
2	A movie
3	like The Guys
2	The Guys
1	is why film criticism can be considered work .
1	is why film criticism can be considered work
2	why film criticism can be considered work
2	film criticism can be considered work
2	film criticism
3	can be considered work
2	be considered work
2	considered work
2	Schnitzler 's film has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters , but is still only partly satisfying .
2	Schnitzler 's film
2	Schnitzler 's
2	has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters , but is still only partly satisfying .
2	has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters , but is still only partly satisfying
3	has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters , but
3	has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters ,
4	has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters
2	a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters
4	a great hook , some clever bits and
3	a great hook , some clever bits
3	a great hook ,
2	a great hook
3	great hook
3	some clever bits
3	clever bits
3	well-drawn , if standard issue , characters
2	well-drawn , if standard issue ,
2	, if standard issue ,
2	if standard issue ,
2	if standard issue
1	standard issue
2	is still only partly satisfying
2	is still
2	only partly satisfying
3	partly satisfying
1	Even if it made its original release date last fall , it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .
1	Even if it made its original release date last fall
2	if it made its original release date last fall
2	it made its original release date last fall
2	made its original release date last fall
2	made its original release date
2	its original release date
2	original release date
2	release date
2	last fall
2	, it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .
1	it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .
1	would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .
2	would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness
1	've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness
0	reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness
1	of a been-there , done-that sameness
1	a been-there , done-that sameness
1	a been-there ,
1	a been-there
2	done-that sameness
2	Only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience .
0	Only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience
2	Only two-fifths
3	of a satisfying movie experience
4	a satisfying movie experience
3	satisfying movie experience
2	movie experience
0	A loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .
0	A loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical
0	A loud , ugly , irritating movie
0	loud , ugly , irritating movie
0	loud , ugly , irritating
0	, ugly , irritating
0	ugly , irritating
2	, irritating
1	without any of its satirical
2	any of its satirical
2	of its satirical
2	its satirical
3	salvos hitting a discernible target .
2	salvos hitting a discernible target
2	hitting a discernible target
2	a discernible target
2	discernible target
0	A movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture .
0	A movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture
2	A movie version
3	movie version
1	of a paint-by-numbers picture
1	a paint-by-numbers picture
1	paint-by-numbers picture
1	We can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .
1	can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .
1	can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art
2	tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art
1	what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art
1	it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art
1	is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art
2	is supposed to be , but
2	is supposed to be ,
2	is supposed to be
2	supposed to be
2	to be
1	ca n't really call it a work of art
2	ca n't really
2	ca n't
3	call it a work of art
2	call it
4	a work of art
2	a work
2	of art
2	It 's a brilliant , honest performance by Nicholson , but the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up .
2	It 's a brilliant , honest performance by Nicholson , but the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up
3	It 's a brilliant , honest performance by Nicholson , but
4	It 's a brilliant , honest performance by Nicholson ,
4	It 's a brilliant , honest performance by Nicholson
4	's a brilliant , honest performance by Nicholson
4	a brilliant , honest performance by Nicholson
4	a brilliant , honest performance
4	brilliant , honest performance
3	, honest performance
4	honest performance
2	by Nicholson
1	the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up
2	the film
0	is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up
2	an agonizing bore except when the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up
0	an agonizing bore
0	agonizing bore
3	except when the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up
3	when the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up
4	the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up
3	the fantastic Kathy Bates
3	fantastic Kathy Bates
2	Kathy Bates
2	turns up
3	Bravado Kathy !
2	Kathy !
1	... Liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
1	Liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
1	is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
1	is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario
0	put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario
1	in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario
2	an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario
1	an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and
2	an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him
3	an impossible spot
1	impossible spot
1	because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him
1	his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him
2	his character 's deceptions
2	his character 's
2	character 's
1	ultimately undo him
2	undo him
3	the believability of the entire scenario
2	the believability
2	of the entire scenario
2	the entire scenario
2	entire scenario
1	Too bad .
2	Too bad
2	You can thank me for this .
2	can thank me for this .
2	can thank me for this
3	thank me for this
2	thank me
2	for this
2	I saw Juwanna Mann so you do n't have to .
0	saw Juwanna Mann so you do n't have to .
1	saw Juwanna Mann so you do n't have to
2	saw Juwanna Mann
3	Juwanna Mann
2	so you do n't have to
2	you do n't have to
2	do n't have to
2	do n't
2	have to
0	Unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the Reginald Hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
1	Unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters
1	Unfunny and
2	lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters
1	lacking any sense of commitment to or
1	lacking any sense of commitment to
1	lacking any sense of commitment
2	any sense of commitment
2	any sense
2	of commitment
3	affection for its characters
2	for its characters
2	its characters
0	, the Reginald Hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
1	the Reginald Hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
2	the Reginald Hudlin comedy
2	Reginald Hudlin comedy
2	Hudlin comedy
0	relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
1	relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs
1	on toilet humor , ethnic slurs
1	toilet humor , ethnic slurs
1	toilet humor ,
1	toilet humor
2	ethnic slurs
2	Basically , it 's pretty but dumb .
1	, it 's pretty but dumb .
2	it 's pretty but dumb .
1	's pretty but dumb .
1	's pretty but dumb
1	pretty but dumb
3	pretty but
1	This romantic\/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
1	romantic\/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
1	asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
1	asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in
2	the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in
2	the question
1	how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in
2	how much
1	souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in
1	can you take before indigestion sets in
2	can you
1	take before indigestion sets in
1	take before indigestion sets
1	before indigestion sets
1	indigestion sets
1	Squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , Burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .
1	Squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations
2	his opportunity to make absurdist observations
3	opportunity to make absurdist observations
1	to make absurdist observations
2	make absurdist observations
2	absurdist observations
2	, Burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .
1	Burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .
1	gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .
2	gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare
1	caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare
2	caught up
1	in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare
2	the rush of slapstick thoroughfare
2	the rush
2	of slapstick thoroughfare
2	slapstick thoroughfare
2	There 's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but Kang tacks on three or four more endings .
1	There 's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but Kang tacks on three or four more endings
3	There 's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but
1	There 's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes ,
2	There 's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes
2	's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes
3	a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes
3	a neat twist , subtly rendered ,
3	a neat twist , subtly rendered
3	a neat twist ,
3	a neat twist
3	neat twist
3	subtly rendered
1	that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes
1	could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes
2	have wrapped things up at 80 minutes
2	wrapped things up at 80 minutes
2	wrapped things up
2	wrapped things
2	at 80 minutes
2	80 minutes
1	Kang tacks on three or four more endings
1	tacks on three or four more endings
2	on three or four more endings
2	three or four more endings
2	three or four more
2	three or four
2	three or
2	Reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while Said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition .
2	varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while Said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition .
2	varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while Said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition
2	varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark ,
2	varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark
2	between a sweet smile and an angry bark
2	a sweet smile and an angry bark
2	a sweet smile and
2	a sweet smile
3	sweet smile
1	an angry bark
2	angry bark
1	while Said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition
1	Said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition
1	attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition
1	to wear down possible pupils through repetition
1	wear down possible pupils through repetition
1	wear down possible pupils
1	wear down
2	possible pupils
2	through repetition
1	It has no affect on the Kurds , but it wore me down .
1	It has no affect on the Kurds , but it wore me down
2	It has no affect on the Kurds , but
2	It has no affect on the Kurds ,
2	It has no affect on the Kurds
3	has no affect on the Kurds
2	no affect on the Kurds
2	no affect
2	on the Kurds
2	the Kurds
1	it wore me down
2	wore me down
2	wore me
0	The actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .
2	The actors
2	improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .
0	improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen
1	improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary
3	improvise and scream
2	improvise and
1	their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary
1	their way around this movie directionless ,
1	their way around this movie directionless
2	their way
1	around this movie directionless
1	this movie directionless
1	movie directionless
1	lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary
2	any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary
3	of the rollicking dark humor so necessary
3	the rollicking dark humor so necessary
3	the rollicking dark humor
4	rollicking dark humor
2	rollicking dark
2	so necessary
2	to make this kind of idea work on screen
2	make this kind of idea work on screen
2	make this kind of idea work
2	this kind of idea work
2	this kind
2	of idea work
2	idea work
2	on screen
0	Co-writer\/director Jonathan Parker 's attempts to fashion a Brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .
2	Co-writer\/director Jonathan Parker 's attempts to fashion a Brazil-like , hyper-real satire
2	Co-writer\/director Jonathan Parker 's
2	Jonathan Parker 's
2	Parker 's
1	attempts to fashion a Brazil-like , hyper-real satire
2	to fashion a Brazil-like , hyper-real satire
3	fashion a Brazil-like , hyper-real satire
1	a Brazil-like , hyper-real satire
3	Brazil-like , hyper-real satire
2	, hyper-real satire
2	hyper-real satire
1	fall dreadfully short .
0	fall dreadfully short
1	dreadfully short
2	If this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy bastards , more power to it .
3	If this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy
3	this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy
2	this silly little cartoon
3	silly little cartoon
2	little cartoon
3	can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy
3	inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy
2	a few kids not to grow up to be greedy
2	a few kids
2	few kids
3	not to grow up to be greedy
2	to grow up to be greedy
2	grow up to be greedy
2	grow up
1	to be greedy
1	be greedy
3	bastards , more power to it .
2	bastards , more power to it
1	bastards ,
2	more power to it
3	more power
2	to it
1	A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .
1	A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find
0	A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but
0	A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place ,
0	A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place
1	A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' :
1	A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with '
1	A superfluous sequel ...
0	A superfluous sequel
0	superfluous sequel
1	plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with '
0	by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with '
1	that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with '
2	that old familiar feeling
2	old familiar feeling
2	old familiar
2	of ` let 's get this thing over with '
0	of ` let 's get this thing over with
2	of `
1	let 's get this thing over with
1	's get this thing over with
1	get this thing over with
2	get this thing
2	this thing
1	over with
2	Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place
2	has shown up at the appointed time and place
2	shown up at the appointed time and place
2	shown up
2	at the appointed time and place
2	the appointed time and place
2	the appointed time and
2	the appointed time
2	appointed time
2	visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find
3	visible enthusiasm
2	is mighty hard to find
2	is mighty hard
2	mighty hard
2	to find
0	If there 's a heaven for bad movies , Deuces Wild is on its way .
0	If there 's a heaven for bad movies
1	there 's a heaven for bad movies
1	's a heaven for bad movies
2	a heaven for bad movies
3	a heaven
1	for bad movies
1	bad movies
2	, Deuces Wild is on its way .
2	Deuces Wild is on its way .
2	Deuces Wild
2	is on its way .
2	is on its way
3	on its way
2	its way
1	Comes off like a bad imitation of the Bard .
1	Comes off like a bad imitation of the Bard
2	Comes off
2	like a bad imitation of the Bard
2	a bad imitation of the Bard
0	a bad imitation
1	bad imitation
2	of the Bard
2	the Bard
0	What 's missing in Murder by Numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour .
1	What 's missing in Murder by Numbers
2	's missing in Murder by Numbers
2	missing in Murder by Numbers
2	missing in Murder
2	in Murder
2	by Numbers
2	is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour .
2	is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour
2	any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour
2	any real psychological grounding
3	real psychological grounding
2	psychological grounding
2	for the teens ' deviant behaviour
2	the teens ' deviant behaviour
2	the teens '
2	teens '
1	deviant behaviour
2	Being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough .
2	Being latently gay and liking to read
2	Being latently gay and
1	Being latently gay
1	latently gay
2	liking to read
2	to read
1	are hardly enough .
1	are hardly enough
1	hardly enough
1	An uninspired preachy and clichéd war film .
0	An uninspired preachy and clichéd war
0	uninspired preachy and clichéd war
0	uninspired preachy and clichéd
1	preachy and clichéd
1	preachy and
2	film .
0	Horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .
2	Horrendously amateurish
0	filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .
0	filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible
1	that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible
0	is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible
1	is plainly dull and visually ugly
0	plainly dull and visually ugly
2	plainly dull and
1	plainly dull
1	visually ugly
1	when it is n't incomprehensible
2	it is n't incomprehensible
2	is n't incomprehensible
1	is n't
1	A movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues ' like whether compromise is the death of self ... this Orgasm -LRB- wo n't be an -RRB- exceedingly memorable one for most people .
1	A movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues '
2	A movie
2	that harps on media-constructed ` issues '
1	harps on media-constructed ` issues '
2	on media-constructed ` issues '
2	media-constructed ` issues '
2	` issues '
1	issues '
1	like whether compromise is the death of self ... this Orgasm -LRB- wo n't be an -RRB- exceedingly memorable one for most people .
1	like whether compromise is the death of self ... this Orgasm -LRB- wo n't be an -RRB- exceedingly memorable one for most people
0	whether compromise is the death of self ... this Orgasm -LRB- wo n't be an -RRB- exceedingly memorable one for most people
1	compromise is the death of self ... this Orgasm -LRB- wo n't be an -RRB- exceedingly memorable one for most people
1	is the death of self ... this Orgasm -LRB- wo n't be an -RRB- exceedingly memorable one for most people
1	the death of self ... this Orgasm -LRB- wo n't be an -RRB- exceedingly memorable one for most people
1	the death of self ... this Orgasm -LRB- wo n't be an -RRB-
2	the death of self ... this Orgasm
2	the death of self ...
2	the death of self
1	the death
2	of self
2	this Orgasm
2	-LRB- wo n't be an -RRB-
1	wo n't be an -RRB-
2	wo n't be an
2	wo n't
2	be an
3	exceedingly memorable one for most people
3	exceedingly memorable one
4	exceedingly memorable
2	for most people
2	most people
2	Slackers ' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by .
0	Slackers ' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by
0	Slackers ' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem -- and
1	Slackers ' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem --
1	Slackers ' jokey approach to college education
1	Slackers ' jokey approach
2	Slackers '
2	jokey approach
2	to college education
1	college education
0	is disappointingly simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem --
0	is disappointingly
1	simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem --
1	simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem
2	simplistic --
1	the film 's biggest problem
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	biggest problem
1	there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by
0	are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by
1	no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by
1	no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously
2	no unforgettably stupid stunts or
2	no unforgettably stupid stunts
1	unforgettably stupid stunts
0	unforgettably stupid
2	rude lines of dialogue to remember it by
2	rude lines of dialogue
1	rude lines
2	of dialogue
3	to remember it by
2	remember it by
2	remember it
1	If Festival in Cannes nails hard - boiled Hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .
3	If Festival in Cannes nails hard - boiled Hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy
2	Festival in Cannes nails hard - boiled Hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy
2	Festival in Cannes
2	in Cannes
3	nails hard - boiled Hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy
3	nails hard -
3	nails hard
2	boiled Hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy
1	boiled Hollywood argot
2	Hollywood argot
2	with a bracingly nasty accuracy
2	a bracingly nasty accuracy
2	bracingly nasty accuracy
1	bracingly nasty
0	, much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .
2	much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .
3	much about the film , including some of its casting ,
3	much about the film , including some of its casting
2	much about the film ,
2	much about the film
2	about the film
2	the film
2	including some of its casting
2	some of its casting
2	of its casting
2	its casting
0	is frustratingly unconvincing .
1	is frustratingly unconvincing
0	frustratingly unconvincing
1	The movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .
2	The movie
2	is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .
1	is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value
1	is too impressed with its own solemn insights
2	too impressed with its own solemn insights
3	impressed with its own solemn insights
3	with its own solemn insights
2	its own solemn insights
3	own solemn insights
3	solemn insights
2	to work up much entertainment value
3	work up much entertainment value
3	work up
3	much entertainment value
2	entertainment value
1	I have n't seen such self-amused trash since Freddy Got Fingered .
0	have n't seen such self-amused trash since Freddy Got Fingered .
1	have n't seen such self-amused trash since Freddy Got Fingered
2	have n't
1	seen such self-amused trash since Freddy Got Fingered
1	seen such self-amused trash
1	such self-amused trash
0	self-amused trash
1	since Freddy Got Fingered
2	Freddy Got Fingered
2	Got Fingered
1	Little more than a well-mounted history lesson .
1	Little more than a well-mounted history lesson
2	Little more
2	than a well-mounted history lesson
3	a well-mounted history lesson
3	well-mounted history lesson
2	history lesson
0	Rob Schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill The Hot Chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
1	Rob Schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines
2	Rob Schneider 's
2	Schneider 's
1	infantile cross-dressing routines
2	cross-dressing routines
1	fill The Hot Chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
0	fill The Hot Chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian
1	The Hot Chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian
2	The Hot Chick ,
2	The Hot Chick
2	Hot Chick
1	the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian
2	the latest gimmick
2	latest gimmick
1	from this unimaginative comedian
1	this unimaginative comedian
1	unimaginative comedian
0	A horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .
0	A horrible , 99-minute
0	horrible , 99-minute
2	, 99-minute
1	stink bomb .
2	stink bomb
1	The film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
2	The film
0	is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
1	is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil
1	weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil
2	weighed down
1	by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil
2	supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil
1	characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil
1	who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil
2	are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil
2	are either
3	too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil
2	too goodly , wise and knowing or
3	too goodly , wise and knowing
3	too goodly ,
2	too goodly
3	wise and knowing
2	wise and
1	downright comically evil
2	comically evil
0	The film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
2	The film
0	is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
0	is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen
1	so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen
1	bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen
0	it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen
1	does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen
1	does n't
2	improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen
2	upon the experience of staring at a blank screen
0	the experience of staring at a blank screen
2	the experience
2	of staring at a blank screen
1	staring at a blank screen
2	at a blank screen
2	a blank screen
2	blank screen
0	Sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .
1	Sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life
2	Sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ...
2	Sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir
2	Sheridan 's
2	take on the author 's schoolboy memoir
2	on the author 's schoolboy memoir
2	the author 's schoolboy memoir
2	the author 's
1	author 's
2	schoolboy memoir
1	is a rather toothless take on a hard young life
2	a rather toothless take on a hard young life
1	a rather toothless take
1	rather toothless take
1	rather toothless
2	on a hard young life
2	a hard young life
2	hard young life
2	young life
0	It jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier .
0	jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier .
1	jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier
1	jumps around with little logic or continuity ,
1	jumps around with little logic or continuity
1	jumps around
1	with little logic or continuity
2	little logic or continuity
2	logic or continuity
2	logic or
1	presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier
2	backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier
2	backstage bytes of information
2	backstage bytes
2	of information
1	that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier
1	never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier
2	amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier
3	to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier
3	a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier
3	a satisfying complete picture
3	satisfying complete picture
3	satisfying complete
2	of this particular , anciently demanding métier
3	this particular , anciently demanding métier
1	particular , anciently demanding métier
2	, anciently demanding métier
2	anciently demanding métier
2	demanding métier
2	How I Killed My Father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only it never melts .
0	How I Killed My Father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
0	I Killed My Father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
1	Killed My Father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
2	My Father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
2	My Father
1	is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
1	one of those art house films that makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
2	one of those art house films
2	of those art house films
2	those art house films
2	art house films
2	house films
1	that makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
0	makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
0	you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
0	feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
0	like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
1	you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
1	're watching an iceberg melt -- only
0	watching an iceberg melt -- only
3	an iceberg melt -- only
2	an iceberg
2	melt -- only
2	melt --
2	it never melts .
2	never melts .
2	melts .
1	When it comes to the battle of Hollywood vs. Woo , it looks like Woo 's a P.O.W.
2	When it comes to the battle of Hollywood vs. Woo
2	it comes to the battle of Hollywood vs. Woo
2	comes to the battle of Hollywood vs. Woo
2	to the battle of Hollywood vs. Woo
2	the battle of Hollywood vs. Woo
1	the battle
2	of Hollywood vs. Woo
2	Hollywood vs. Woo
2	Hollywood vs.
2	, it looks like Woo 's a P.O.W.
1	it looks like Woo 's a P.O.W.
2	looks like Woo 's a P.O.W.
2	like Woo 's a P.O.W.
2	Woo 's a P.O.W.
2	's a P.O.W.
2	a P.O.W.
2	There are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies .
3	There are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies
2	There are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and
1	There are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores ,
1	There are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores
1	are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores
2	a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores
2	a few chuckles , but not
3	a few chuckles ,
2	a few chuckles
2	few chuckles
2	but not
2	a single gag sequence that really scores
1	a single gag sequence
3	single gag sequence
2	gag sequence
3	that really scores
3	really scores
2	the stars seem to be in two different movies
2	the stars
1	seem to be in two different movies
2	to be in two different movies
2	be in two different movies
2	in two different movies
2	two different movies
2	different movies
1	The Chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film .
1	The Chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film
1	The Chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but
3	The Chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones ,
3	The Chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones
2	The Chateau
3	has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones
3	one very funny joke and a few other decent ones
3	one very funny joke and
2	one very funny joke
3	very funny joke
4	very funny
3	a few other decent ones
2	few other decent ones
2	other decent ones
3	decent ones
1	all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film
1	it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film
1	amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film
2	to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film
1	is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film
2	a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film
1	a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant
1	mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant
2	mildly funny , sometimes tedious ,
2	mildly funny , sometimes tedious
2	mildly funny ,
2	mildly funny
1	sometimes tedious
0	ultimately insignificant
0	It 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .
0	's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .
0	's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast
2	's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous :
0	's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous
0	dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous
2	, spiritless , silly and monotonous
0	spiritless , silly and monotonous
1	, silly and monotonous
1	silly and monotonous
1	silly and
1	an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast
0	an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem ,
1	an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem
3	an ultra-loud blast
2	ultra-loud blast
1	of pointless mayhem
1	pointless mayhem
0	going nowhere fast
1	nowhere fast
3	The mushy finale turns John Q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .
1	The mushy finale
2	mushy finale
2	turns John Q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .
2	turns John Q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker
2	turns John Q
2	John Q
2	into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker
3	a movie-of-the-week tearjerker
2	movie-of-the-week tearjerker
1	Content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .
2	Content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance
1	Content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger -
2	Content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger
3	Content merely
2	to lionize its title character and exploit his anger
1	lionize its title character and exploit his anger
2	lionize its title character and
2	lionize its title character
2	its title character
2	title character
3	exploit his anger
2	his anger
0	all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance
1	all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon
2	for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon
2	easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon
1	easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and
2	easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills
2	easy sanctimony ,
1	easy sanctimony
2	formulaic thrills
1	a ham-fisted sermon
2	ham-fisted sermon
2	on the need for national health insurance
3	the need for national health insurance
2	the need
2	for national health insurance
2	national health insurance
2	health insurance
1	The movie turns out to be -LRB- Assayas ' -RRB- homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness .
2	The movie
2	turns out to be -LRB- Assayas ' -RRB- homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness .
3	turns out to be -LRB- Assayas ' -RRB- homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness
2	turns out
2	to be -LRB- Assayas ' -RRB- homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness
3	be -LRB- Assayas ' -RRB- homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness
2	be -LRB- Assayas ' -RRB- homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality , '
3	be -LRB- Assayas ' -RRB- homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality ,
3	be -LRB- Assayas ' -RRB- homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality
3	-LRB- Assayas ' -RRB- homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality
2	-LRB- Assayas ' -RRB- homage
2	Assayas ' -RRB- homage
2	Assayas '
3	-RRB- homage
3	to the Gallic ` tradition of quality
3	the Gallic ` tradition of quality
2	the Gallic ` tradition
2	Gallic ` tradition
2	` tradition
3	of quality
2	in all its fusty squareness
1	all its fusty squareness
1	its fusty squareness
1	fusty squareness
1	Its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack , might have made a point or two regarding life .
2	Its message
2	has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack , might have made a point or two regarding life .
3	has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack , might have made a point or two regarding life
3	has merit and
3	has merit
1	, in the hands of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack , might have made a point or two regarding life
3	, in the hands of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack ,
2	in the hands of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack ,
3	in the hands of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack
2	the hands of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack
2	the hands
3	of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack
2	a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack
2	a brutally honest individual
3	brutally honest individual
3	brutally honest
2	like Prophet Jack
2	Prophet Jack
2	might have made a point or two regarding life
2	have made a point or two regarding life
3	made a point or two regarding life
2	a point or two regarding life
2	a point or
2	a point
2	two regarding life
2	regarding life
1	-LRB- Seems -RRB- even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .
2	-LRB- Seems -RRB- even more
2	-LRB- Seems -RRB-
2	Seems -RRB-
2	even more
0	uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .
0	uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels
1	uselessly redundant and
2	uselessly redundant
1	shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels
1	shamelessly money-grubbing
1	than most third-rate horror sequels
1	most third-rate horror sequels
0	third-rate horror sequels
2	horror sequels
0	It 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
0	's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
1	's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread
0	hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread
0	to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread
1	imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread
2	that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread
3	even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread
2	even very small children
2	very small children
2	small children
3	will be impressed by this tired retread
1	be impressed by this tired retread
2	impressed by this tired retread
1	by this tired retread
1	this tired retread
1	tired retread
1	Neither as scary-funny as Tremors nor demented-funny as Starship Troopers , the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price .
2	Neither as scary-funny as Tremors nor demented-funny as Starship Troopers
1	Neither as scary-funny as Tremors nor
1	Neither as scary-funny as Tremors
3	as scary-funny as Tremors
2	scary-funny as Tremors
2	as Tremors
2	demented-funny as Starship Troopers
2	as Starship Troopers
2	Starship Troopers
2	, the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price .
2	the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price .
2	the movie
2	is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price .
1	is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price
1	is n't
1	tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price
2	to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price
1	take as long as you 've paid a matinee price
2	as long as you 've paid a matinee price
2	as long
2	as you 've paid a matinee price
2	you 've paid a matinee price
2	've paid a matinee price
2	paid a matinee price
3	a matinee price
3	matinee price
1	If swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .
2	If swimfan does catch on
3	swimfan does catch on
2	does catch on
2	catch on
1	, it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .
3	it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .
2	may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .
2	may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh
2	be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh
2	because teens are looking for something to make them laugh
3	teens are looking for something to make them laugh
2	are looking for something to make them laugh
2	looking for something to make them laugh
2	looking for something
2	for something
2	to make them laugh
3	make them laugh
2	them laugh
2	What might 've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors .
1	What might 've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle
2	might 've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle
3	've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle
4	been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle
3	an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle
3	an exhilarating exploration
4	exhilarating exploration
2	of an odd love triangle
2	an odd love triangle
2	odd love triangle
2	love triangle
1	becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors .
1	becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors
1	a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors
2	a sprawl
1	of uncoordinated vectors
2	uncoordinated vectors
1	The Master of Disguise may have made a great Saturday Night Live sketch , but a great movie it is not .
2	The Master of Disguise
2	The Master
2	of Disguise
1	may have made a great Saturday Night Live sketch , but a great movie it is not .
1	may have made a great Saturday Night Live sketch , but a great movie it is not
1	have made a great Saturday Night Live sketch , but a great movie it is not
1	made a great Saturday Night Live sketch , but a great movie it is not
2	made a great Saturday Night Live sketch , but
2	made a great Saturday Night Live sketch ,
2	made a great Saturday Night Live sketch
3	a great Saturday Night Live sketch
3	great Saturday Night Live sketch
2	Saturday Night Live sketch
2	Night Live sketch
2	Live sketch
0	a great movie it is not
4	a great movie
4	great movie
2	it is not
1	is not
0	It 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
1	's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
1	's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere
3	's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival and
3	's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival
3	's quite an achievement
3	quite an achievement
4	an achievement
3	to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival
2	set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival
2	set and shoot a movie
2	set and shoot
2	set and
2	a movie
2	at the Cannes Film Festival
2	the Cannes Film Festival
2	Cannes Film Festival
3	Film Festival
0	yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere
0	fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere
2	to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere
3	capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere
2	its visual appeal or its atmosphere
2	its visual appeal or
3	its visual appeal
3	visual appeal
2	its atmosphere
0	Boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .
1	Boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect
2	Boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but
3	Boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up ,
3	Boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up
2	uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up
2	a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up
2	a lot
2	of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up
2	quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up
2	cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up
1	cutting and blurry
2	cutting and
2	step-printing to goose things up
2	to goose things up
3	goose things up
2	goose things
1	dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect
1	dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances
0	dopey dialogue and
1	dopey dialogue
1	sometimes inadequate performances
1	sometimes inadequate
1	kill the effect
2	the effect
0	It 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .
0	's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .
0	's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic
0	's always disappointing
2	's always
0	when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic
0	a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic
2	a documentary
1	fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic
1	to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic
2	live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic
2	live up to -- or offer any new insight into --
2	live up to
2	live up
2	-- or offer any new insight into --
2	-- or offer any new insight into
2	-- or
2	offer any new insight into
3	offer any new insight
2	any new insight
3	new insight
1	its chosen topic
2	chosen topic
1	Unfortunately , that 's precisely what Arthur Dong 's Family Fundamentals does .
2	, that 's precisely what Arthur Dong 's Family Fundamentals does .
2	that 's precisely what Arthur Dong 's Family Fundamentals does .
2	's precisely what Arthur Dong 's Family Fundamentals does .
2	's precisely what Arthur Dong 's Family Fundamentals does
2	precisely what Arthur Dong 's Family Fundamentals does
2	precisely what
2	Arthur Dong 's Family Fundamentals does
2	Arthur Dong 's Family Fundamentals
2	Arthur Dong 's
2	Dong 's
2	Family Fundamentals
2	Has the marks of a septuagenarian ; it 's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick .
1	Has the marks of a septuagenarian ; it 's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick
1	Has the marks of a septuagenarian ;
2	Has the marks of a septuagenarian
2	the marks of a septuagenarian
2	the marks
2	of a septuagenarian
3	a septuagenarian
2	it 's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick
2	's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick
1	a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick
1	a crusty treatment
2	crusty treatment
2	of a clever gimmick
3	a clever gimmick
2	clever gimmick
1	Like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
1	Like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive
2	a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive
1	a medium-grade network sitcom --
2	a medium-grade network sitcom
1	medium-grade network sitcom
2	network sitcom
2	mostly inoffensive
0	, fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
2	fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
2	fitfully amusing , but ultimately so
3	amusing , but ultimately so
2	amusing , but
3	amusing ,
2	ultimately so
1	weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
1	weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen
1	that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen
1	a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen
2	a decent draft in the auditorium
2	a decent draft
3	decent draft
2	in the auditorium
2	the auditorium
2	might blow it off the screen
1	blow it off the screen
2	blow it
2	off the screen
2	the screen
1	Something must have been lost in the translation .
1	must have been lost in the translation .
1	must have been lost in the translation
1	have been lost in the translation
1	been lost in the translation
1	lost in the translation
2	in the translation
2	the translation
1	Becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any Plympton film : boring .
1	Becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any Plympton film : boring
0	the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any Plympton film : boring
2	the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any Plympton film :
2	the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any Plympton film
2	the last thing
2	last thing
2	you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any Plympton film
2	would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any Plympton film
2	expect from a film with this title or indeed from any Plympton film
2	from a film with this title or indeed from any Plympton film
2	from a film with this title
2	a film with this title
2	a film
2	with this title
2	this title
2	or indeed from any Plympton film
2	indeed from any Plympton film
2	from any Plympton film
2	any Plympton film
2	Plympton film
1	In the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .
2	In the end
2	the end
2	, the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .
1	the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .
2	the film
1	feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .
2	feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses
1	feels homogenized and a bit contrived ,
1	feels homogenized and a bit contrived
1	homogenized and a bit contrived
2	homogenized and
2	a bit contrived
2	a bit
2	as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses
2	if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses
1	we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses
2	're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses
2	looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses
2	looking back
2	at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses
1	a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses
2	a tattered and ugly past
1	tattered and ugly past
2	tattered and ugly
2	tattered and
2	with rose-tinted glasses
2	rose-tinted glasses
1	Chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .
2	Chan 's stunts
2	Chan 's
0	are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .
1	are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy
1	limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy
1	limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or
1	limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action
2	limited and
2	so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action
2	so embellished by editing
3	embellished by editing
2	by editing
1	that there 's really not much of a sense of action
2	there 's really not much of a sense of action
2	's really not much of a sense of action
2	's really not
2	's really
2	much of a sense of action
2	of a sense of action
3	a sense of action
2	a sense
2	of action
2	even action-comedy
1	Rock 's stand-up magic wanes .
4	Rock 's stand-up magic
2	Rock 's
3	stand-up magic
1	wanes .
4	Hopkins , squarely fills the screen .
2	, squarely fills the screen .
3	squarely fills the screen .
2	fills the screen .
2	fills the screen
2	the screen
1	Action - mechanical .
2	Action - mechanical
2	Action -
2	`` The Tuxedo '' should have been the vehicle for Chan that `` The Mask '' was for Jim Carrey .
1	The Tuxedo '' should have been the vehicle for Chan that `` The Mask '' was for Jim Carrey .
2	The Tuxedo
2	'' should have been the vehicle for Chan that `` The Mask '' was for Jim Carrey .
2	should have been the vehicle for Chan that `` The Mask '' was for Jim Carrey .
2	should have been the vehicle for Chan that `` The Mask '' was for Jim Carrey
3	have been the vehicle for Chan that `` The Mask '' was for Jim Carrey
2	been the vehicle for Chan that `` The Mask '' was for Jim Carrey
2	been the vehicle for Chan
2	the vehicle for Chan
2	the vehicle
2	for Chan
3	that `` The Mask '' was for Jim Carrey
2	`` The Mask '' was for Jim Carrey
2	The Mask '' was for Jim Carrey
2	The Mask
2	'' was for Jim Carrey
2	was for Jim Carrey
2	for Jim Carrey
3	Jim Carrey
3	Alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes .
2	, it 's the man that makes the clothes .
2	it 's the man that makes the clothes .
2	's the man that makes the clothes .
2	's the man that makes the clothes
2	the man that makes the clothes
3	the man
2	that makes the clothes
3	makes the clothes
2	the clothes
1	For casual moviegoers who stumble into Rules expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek , they 'll probably run out screaming .
2	For casual moviegoers who stumble into Rules expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek
2	casual moviegoers who stumble into Rules expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek
2	casual moviegoers
1	who stumble into Rules expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek
2	stumble into Rules expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek
1	into Rules expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek
1	Rules expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek
2	expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek
2	expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks
3	a slice of American Pie hijinks
2	a slice
1	of American Pie hijinks
2	American Pie hijinks
2	Pie hijinks
2	starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek
2	starring the kid
2	the kid
3	from Dawson 's Creek
2	Dawson 's Creek
2	Dawson 's
1	, they 'll probably run out screaming .
1	they 'll probably run out screaming .
1	'll probably run out screaming .
2	'll probably run out screaming
2	'll probably
1	run out screaming
2	run out
1	The biggest problem I have -LRB- other than the very sluggish pace -RRB- is we never really see her Esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .
2	The biggest problem I have -LRB- other than the very sluggish pace -RRB-
1	The biggest problem I have
1	The biggest problem
2	biggest problem
2	I have
1	-LRB- other than the very sluggish pace -RRB-
1	other than the very sluggish pace -RRB-
2	other than the very sluggish pace
1	than the very sluggish pace
2	the very sluggish pace
1	very sluggish pace
1	very sluggish
1	is we never really see her Esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .
1	is we never really see her Esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing
2	is we never
2	is we
2	really see her Esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing
2	see her Esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing
3	see her Esther blossom as an actress ,
3	see her Esther blossom as an actress
2	see her Esther blossom
2	her Esther blossom
2	Esther blossom
2	as an actress
3	an actress
2	even though her talent is supposed to be growing
2	though her talent is supposed to be growing
2	her talent is supposed to be growing
2	her talent
2	is supposed to be growing
2	supposed to be growing
2	to be growing
3	be growing
2	What puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in Britney Spears ' first movie .
1	puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in Britney Spears ' first movie .
2	puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in Britney Spears ' first movie
2	me is the lack of emphasis on music in Britney Spears ' first movie
0	is the lack of emphasis on music in Britney Spears ' first movie
2	the lack of emphasis on music in Britney Spears ' first movie
2	the lack
2	of emphasis on music in Britney Spears ' first movie
2	emphasis on music in Britney Spears ' first movie
2	on music in Britney Spears ' first movie
2	music in Britney Spears ' first movie
2	in Britney Spears ' first movie
2	Britney Spears ' first movie
2	Britney Spears '
2	Spears '
2	first movie
1	Plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing The Scorpion King .
2	Plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas
2	Plot , characters , drama , emotions ,
2	Plot , characters , drama , emotions
2	Plot , characters , drama ,
2	Plot , characters , drama
3	Plot , characters ,
2	Plot , characters
2	Plot ,
1	-- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing The Scorpion King .
2	all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing The Scorpion King .
1	all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing The Scorpion King
2	are irrelevant to the experience of seeing The Scorpion King
2	irrelevant to the experience of seeing The Scorpion King
2	to the experience of seeing The Scorpion King
2	the experience of seeing The Scorpion King
2	the experience
2	of seeing The Scorpion King
2	seeing The Scorpion King
2	The Scorpion King
2	Scorpion King
3	City by the Sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .
2	City by the Sea
2	by the Sea
2	the Sea
4	is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .
3	is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for
3	a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for
3	a gritty police thriller
3	gritty police thriller
2	police thriller
3	with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for
2	all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for
2	all the dysfunctional family dynamics
2	the dysfunctional family dynamics
2	dysfunctional family dynamics
3	family dynamics
2	one could wish for
2	could wish for
2	wish for
1	But how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery .
1	how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery .
1	how it washed out despite all of that
1	it washed out despite all of that
1	washed out despite all of that
1	washed out
2	despite all of that
2	all of that
3	of that
2	is the project 's prime mystery .
2	is the project 's prime mystery
2	the project 's prime mystery
2	the project 's
2	project 's
3	prime mystery
1	Whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet T-shirt and shower scenes .
1	Whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism
2	the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism
1	the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons
2	the movie 's
2	movie 's
2	sentimental , hypocritical lessons
1	sentimental , hypocritical
1	, hypocritical
2	about sexism
1	, its true colors come out in various wet T-shirt and shower scenes .
2	its true colors come out in various wet T-shirt and shower scenes .
2	its true colors
2	true colors
2	come out in various wet T-shirt and shower scenes .
1	come out in various wet T-shirt and shower scenes
2	come out
3	in various wet T-shirt and shower scenes
2	various wet T-shirt and shower scenes
2	wet T-shirt and shower scenes
2	T-shirt and shower scenes
2	and shower scenes
2	shower scenes
2	As a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , Murder by Numbers fits the profile too closely .
2	As a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery
2	a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery
2	hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery
2	teen thriller and murder mystery
3	thriller and murder mystery
2	and murder mystery
2	murder mystery
1	, Murder by Numbers fits the profile too closely .
1	Murder by Numbers fits the profile too closely .
2	Murder by Numbers
2	by Numbers
2	fits the profile too closely .
3	fits the profile too closely
2	fits the profile
2	the profile
2	too closely
2	There ai n't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it 's hilarious .
1	ai n't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it 's hilarious .
2	ai n't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it 's hilarious
2	ai n't
0	a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it 's hilarious
2	a lot more painful
2	a lot
1	more painful
1	than an unfunny movie that thinks it 's hilarious
1	an unfunny movie that thinks it 's hilarious
0	an unfunny movie
1	unfunny movie
2	that thinks it 's hilarious
3	thinks it 's hilarious
3	it 's hilarious
4	's hilarious
3	I enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was .
2	enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was .
2	enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was
1	the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was
1	the movie in a superficial way , while never sure
2	the movie
1	in a superficial way , while never sure
1	a superficial way , while never sure
2	a superficial way ,
3	a superficial way
2	superficial way
2	while never sure
2	never sure
2	what its purpose was
2	its purpose was
2	its purpose
1	What a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .
1	What a pity
2	a pity
1	... that the material is so second-rate .
1	that the material is so second-rate .
1	that the material is so second-rate
0	the material is so second-rate
2	the material
2	is so second-rate
1	so second-rate
1	Does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past Seagal films .
0	Does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past Seagal films
1	Does n't deliver a great story , nor
1	Does n't deliver a great story ,
2	Does n't deliver a great story
2	Does n't
3	deliver a great story
3	a great story
4	great story
2	is the action as gripping as in past Seagal films
3	is the action as gripping
3	the action as gripping
2	the action
3	as gripping
2	as in past Seagal films
2	in past Seagal films
2	past Seagal films
2	Seagal films
0	The kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea .
0	The kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly
2	The kind
1	of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly
0	film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly
2	film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an
1	that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an
1	leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an
2	you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an
1	scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an
1	scratching your head in amazement over the fact
1	scratching your head
2	your head
3	in amazement over the fact
2	amazement over the fact
2	over the fact
2	the fact
2	that so many talented people could participate in such an
3	so many talented people could participate in such an
3	so many talented people
3	many talented people
3	talented people
2	could participate in such an
2	participate in such an
2	in such an
2	such an
1	ill-advised and poorly
1	ill-advised and
2	executed idea .
2	executed idea
3	Nicks refuses to let Slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy .
3	refuses to let Slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy .
1	refuses to let Slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
2	to let Slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
2	let Slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
2	Slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
2	be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
2	seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
2	as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
1	just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
1	just another teen movie ,
1	just another teen movie
2	another teen movie
2	teen movie
1	which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
2	means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
3	he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
2	can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
1	be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
2	forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
1	for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
1	frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
2	pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
2	to fans of the gross-out comedy
2	fans of the gross-out comedy
1	of the gross-out comedy
0	the gross-out comedy
2	gross-out comedy
0	Nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .
1	Nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts --
2	about the film -- with the possible exception of Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts --
2	the film -- with the possible exception of Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts --
2	the film
2	-- with the possible exception of Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts --
2	with the possible exception of Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts --
2	with the possible exception of Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts
3	the possible exception of Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts
2	the possible exception
2	possible exception
2	of Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts
2	Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts
3	Elizabeth Hurley 's
2	Hurley 's
3	is authentic .
4	is authentic
2	Amid the cliché and foreshadowing , Cage manages a degree of casual realism ... that is routinely dynamited by Blethyn .
3	Amid the cliché and foreshadowing , Cage manages a degree of casual realism ... that is routinely dynamited by Blethyn
3	Amid the cliché and foreshadowing , Cage manages a degree of casual realism ...
2	Amid the cliché and foreshadowing , Cage manages a degree of casual realism
1	Amid the cliché and foreshadowing
1	the cliché and foreshadowing
1	cliché and foreshadowing
2	cliché and
3	, Cage manages a degree of casual realism
3	Cage manages a degree of casual realism
2	manages a degree of casual realism
2	a degree of casual realism
2	a degree
3	of casual realism
2	casual realism
2	that is routinely dynamited by Blethyn
2	is routinely dynamited by Blethyn
2	is routinely
2	dynamited by Blethyn
2	by Blethyn
1	Mostly , Shafer and co-writer Gregory Hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .
1	, Shafer and co-writer Gregory Hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .
2	Shafer and co-writer Gregory Hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .
2	Shafer and co-writer Gregory Hinton
2	Shafer and
2	co-writer Gregory Hinton
2	Gregory Hinton
1	lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .
0	lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor
3	a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor
3	a strong-minded viewpoint , or
3	a strong-minded viewpoint ,
2	a strong-minded viewpoint
2	strong-minded viewpoint
2	a sense of humor
2	a sense
2	of humor
1	No cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces Wild .
1	No cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare
2	No cliche
2	escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare
2	the perfervid treatment of gang warfare
2	the perfervid treatment
2	perfervid treatment
2	of gang warfare
2	gang warfare
2	called ces Wild .
2	called ces Wild
2	ces Wild
1	Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a cute partnership in I Spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good .
1	Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a cute partnership in I Spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good
2	Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a cute partnership in I Spy , but
3	Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a cute partnership in I Spy ,
3	Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a cute partnership in I Spy
2	Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson
1	Murphy and Owen Wilson
2	and Owen Wilson
2	Owen Wilson
3	have a cute partnership in I Spy
3	a cute partnership in I Spy
3	a cute partnership
3	cute partnership
2	in I Spy
2	I Spy
0	the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good
2	the movie around them
2	the movie
2	around them
2	is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good
1	is so often nearly nothing
2	is so often
2	so often
2	nearly nothing
1	that their charm does n't do a load of good
1	their charm does n't do a load of good
2	their charm
1	does n't do a load of good
1	does n't
3	do a load of good
3	a load of good
2	a load
3	of good
1	Strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .
0	a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .
2	a ` guy
2	` guy
0	's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .
1	's film ' in the worst sense of the expression
0	film ' in the worst sense of the expression
2	film '
1	in the worst sense of the expression
0	the worst sense of the expression
1	the worst sense
1	worst sense
2	of the expression
2	the expression
1	There 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .
1	There 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes
2	There 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but
3	There 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life ,
3	There 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life
3	's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life
3	some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life
3	some good material
4	good material
2	in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life
2	their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life
2	their story
2	about a retail clerk wanting more out of life
2	a retail clerk wanting more out of life
3	a retail clerk
2	retail clerk
2	wanting more out of life
2	wanting more out
2	more out
2	of life
1	the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes
2	the movie
1	too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes
2	too often
2	spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes
2	spins its wheels
2	its wheels
1	with familiar situations and repetitive scenes
1	familiar situations and repetitive scenes
2	familiar situations and
2	familiar situations
2	repetitive scenes
1	It 's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's .
0	's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's .
0	's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's
0	a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's
1	lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's
0	to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's
1	ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's
2	people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's
0	to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's
1	sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's
2	sit still for two hours and
2	sit still for two hours
2	sit still
2	for two hours
2	two hours
1	change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's
1	change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and
1	change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat
1	change watching such a character ,
3	change watching such a character
2	watching such a character
2	such a character
2	a character
2	especially when rendered in as flat
2	especially when
1	rendered in as flat
1	in as flat
2	as flat
2	impassive a manner as Phoenix 's
1	impassive a manner
2	a manner
2	as Phoenix 's
2	Phoenix 's
1	There 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups .
1	There 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups
1	There 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ...
1	There 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie
2	's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie
2	something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie
2	something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids '
3	something fishy
2	about a seasonal holiday kids '
2	about a seasonal holiday kids
2	a seasonal holiday kids
3	seasonal holiday kids
2	holiday kids
2	that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups
2	derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups
3	its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups
1	its moment
3	of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups
3	most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups
2	most convincing emotional gravity
2	most convincing
3	emotional gravity
3	from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups
2	a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups
2	a scene
3	where Santa gives gifts to grownups
3	Santa gives gifts to grownups
3	gives gifts to grownups
2	gives gifts
2	to grownups
1	We 're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
1	're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
1	're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
0	left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
1	with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
1	a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
2	a story
1	that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
1	tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
1	to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
1	grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
2	grab us ,
3	grab us
1	only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
1	to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
2	keep letting go at all the wrong moments
1	letting go at all the wrong moments
1	go at all the wrong moments
2	at all the wrong moments
2	all the wrong moments
2	the wrong moments
2	wrong moments
0	Like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
2	Like many such biographical melodramas
1	many such biographical melodramas
2	such biographical melodramas
3	biographical melodramas
1	, it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
1	it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
1	suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
1	suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories
1	from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories
2	the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories
2	the awkwardness
2	that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories
1	results from adhering to the messiness of true stories
2	from adhering to the messiness of true stories
2	adhering to the messiness of true stories
2	to the messiness of true stories
2	the messiness of true stories
1	the messiness
2	of true stories
2	true stories
0	There is nothing redeeming about this movie .
1	is nothing redeeming about this movie .
0	is nothing redeeming about this movie
2	is nothing
2	redeeming about this movie
2	about this movie
2	this movie
1	The film has -LRB- its -RRB- moments , but they are few and far between .
1	The film has -LRB- its -RRB- moments , but they are few and far between
3	The film has -LRB- its -RRB- moments , but
2	The film has -LRB- its -RRB- moments ,
3	The film has -LRB- its -RRB- moments
2	The film
3	has -LRB- its -RRB- moments
2	-LRB- its -RRB- moments
2	-LRB- its -RRB-
2	its -RRB-
2	they are few and far between
2	are few and far between
2	are few
2	and far between
2	far between
0	I was trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great ... I 'm Not , and then I realized that I just did n't care .
0	I was trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great ... I 'm Not , and then I realized that I just did n't care
1	I was trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great ...
1	I was trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great
1	was trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great
1	trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great
0	to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great
1	decide what annoyed me most about God is Great
1	what annoyed me most about God is Great
1	annoyed me most about God is Great
2	me most about God is Great
2	most about God is Great
2	most about God
2	about God
3	is Great
1	I 'm Not , and then I realized that I just did n't care
2	I 'm Not , and then
2	I 'm Not , and
2	I 'm Not ,
1	I 'm Not
2	'm Not
1	I realized that I just did n't care
1	realized that I just did n't care
1	that I just did n't care
1	I just did n't care
1	just did n't care
1	did n't care
2	did n't
0	Derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .
2	Derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone
1	Derailed by bad writing and
0	Derailed by bad writing
1	by bad writing
0	bad writing
2	possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone
2	also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone
2	also by some of that extensive post-production
2	by some of that extensive post-production
2	some of that extensive post-production
2	of that extensive post-production
2	that extensive post-production
3	extensive post-production
1	reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone
2	to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone
2	aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone
2	aim the film
2	the film
2	at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone
2	young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone
2	young males
2	in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone
3	the throes of their first full flush of testosterone
2	the throes
1	of their first full flush of testosterone
2	their first full flush of testosterone
2	their first full flush
3	first full flush
1	full flush
2	of testosterone
2	Deserves high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits .
2	high marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits .
2	marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits .
2	marks for political courage but barely gets by on its artistic merits
2	marks for political courage but
3	marks for political courage
3	for political courage
3	political courage
1	barely gets by on its artistic merits
2	gets by on its artistic merits
2	by on its artistic merits
2	on its artistic merits
2	its artistic merits
3	artistic merits
1	... comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental .
2	comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental .
2	comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental
2	alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental
2	alive only
2	when it switches gears to the sentimental
2	it switches gears to the sentimental
2	switches gears to the sentimental
2	switches gears
2	to the sentimental
2	the sentimental
1	Brosnan 's finest non-Bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .
4	Brosnan 's finest non-Bondish performance
2	Brosnan 's
4	finest non-Bondish performance
2	non-Bondish performance
1	yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .
0	fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .
0	fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes
2	to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes
1	overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes
1	the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes
2	the film 's
2	film 's
1	manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes
1	sentimentality and annoying stereotypes
1	sentimentality and annoying
2	sentimentality and
3	A film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .
1	A film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness
2	A film
0	that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness
1	will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness
1	be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness
2	best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness
2	appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness
1	by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness
1	those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness
2	willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness
1	to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness
2	endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness
2	its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness
1	its extremely languorous rhythms ,
2	its extremely languorous rhythms
1	extremely languorous rhythms
2	languorous rhythms
2	Waiting for Happiness
3	for Happiness
2	is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .
3	is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact
2	ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact
1	thoughtful without having much dramatic impact
1	without having much dramatic impact
2	having much dramatic impact
4	much dramatic impact
3	dramatic impact
1	To me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
2	To me
1	, it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
1	it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
0	sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
1	sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy
1	like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy
0	a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy
1	a cruel deception
2	cruel deception
0	carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy
1	carried out by men of marginal intelligence ,
2	carried out by men of marginal intelligence
3	carried out
1	by men of marginal intelligence
1	men of marginal intelligence
2	of marginal intelligence
1	marginal intelligence
2	with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy
1	reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy
2	reactionary ideas about women and
1	reactionary ideas about women
2	reactionary ideas
2	about women
1	a total lack of empathy
1	a total lack
2	total lack
1	of empathy
2	Tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often .
1	may be ploughing the same furrow once too often .
1	may be ploughing the same furrow once too often
1	be ploughing the same furrow once too often
1	ploughing the same furrow once too often
1	ploughing the same furrow
2	the same furrow
2	same furrow
1	once too often
2	too often
1	Flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up .
1	Flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up
2	Flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but
2	Flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool ,
3	Flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool
2	Flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences
2	gadgets and whirling fight sequences
3	and whirling fight sequences
2	whirling fight sequences
2	fight sequences
3	may look cool
2	look cool
1	they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up
1	ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up
2	ca n't
1	distract from the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up
1	from the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up
1	the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up
1	the flawed support structure
1	flawed support structure
2	support structure
1	holding Equilibrium up
2	holding Equilibrium
1	ZigZag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted .
2	might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted .
2	might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted
1	have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted
1	been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted
2	been richer and more observant
3	richer and more observant
2	richer and
2	more observant
2	if it were less densely plotted
2	it were less densely plotted
1	were less densely plotted
2	were less
2	densely plotted
1	How can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?
0	can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?
2	can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing
1	can such a cold movie
2	such a cold movie
1	a cold movie
1	cold movie
3	claim to express warmth and longing
2	to express warmth and longing
3	express warmth and longing
3	warmth and longing
3	warmth and
1	In truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick -LRB- but none of the sheer lust -RRB- .
2	In truth
0	, it has all the heart of a porno flick -LRB- but none of the sheer lust -RRB- .
0	it has all the heart of a porno flick -LRB- but none of the sheer lust -RRB- .
0	has all the heart of a porno flick -LRB- but none of the sheer lust -RRB- .
2	has all the heart of a porno flick -LRB- but none of the sheer lust -RRB-
1	all the heart of a porno flick -LRB- but none of the sheer lust -RRB-
3	all the heart
2	the heart
2	of a porno flick -LRB- but none of the sheer lust -RRB-
1	a porno flick -LRB- but none of the sheer lust -RRB-
1	a porno flick
1	porno flick
1	-LRB- but none of the sheer lust -RRB-
2	but none of the sheer lust -RRB-
2	but none of the sheer lust
2	none of the sheer lust
2	of the sheer lust
2	the sheer lust
2	sheer lust
1	Nicks and Steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try .
2	Nicks and Steinberg
2	Nicks and
2	match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try .
1	match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try
2	match their own creations
2	their own creations
2	own creations
2	for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try
2	pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try
1	pure venality --
1	pure venality
2	that 's giving it the old college try
2	's giving it the old college try
2	giving it the old college try
2	giving it
2	the old college try
1	old college try
2	college try
1	Episode II -- Attack of the Clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .
1	Episode II -- Attack of the Clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight
3	Episode II --
2	Episode II
1	Attack of the Clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight
2	Attack of the Clones
2	of the Clones
2	the Clones
1	is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight
0	a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight
2	a technological exercise
2	technological exercise
1	that lacks juice and delight
1	lacks juice and delight
3	juice and delight
2	juice and
1	The problem with all of this : It 's not really funny .
1	The problem with all of this
2	The problem
3	with all of this
2	all of this
2	of this
1	: It 's not really funny .
1	It 's not really funny .
1	It 's not really funny
1	's not really funny
2	's not
4	really funny
1	-LRB- Denis ' -RRB- bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product .
2	-LRB- Denis ' -RRB- bare-bones narrative more closely
2	-LRB- Denis ' -RRB- bare-bones narrative
2	-LRB- Denis ' -RRB-
2	Denis ' -RRB-
2	Denis '
2	bare-bones narrative
2	more closely
1	resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product .
1	resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product
1	resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture
2	an outline for a '70s exploitation picture
2	an outline
2	for a '70s exploitation picture
2	a '70s exploitation picture
2	'70s exploitation picture
1	exploitation picture
2	than the finished product
2	the finished product
2	finished product
1	Wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
2	all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
1	all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier while failing to find a spark of its own
1	over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier while failing to find a spark of its own
2	over the
1	map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier while failing to find a spark of its own
3	map thematically and stylistically , and
2	map thematically and stylistically ,
2	map thematically and stylistically
3	thematically and stylistically
2	thematically and
1	borrows heavily from Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier while failing to find a spark of its own
1	borrows heavily
1	from Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier while failing to find a spark of its own
2	Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier while failing to find a spark of its own
3	Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier
2	, Jeunet , and von Trier
2	Jeunet , and von Trier
2	, and von Trier
2	and von Trier
2	von Trier
1	while failing to find a spark of its own
1	failing to find a spark of its own
2	to find a spark of its own
3	find a spark of its own
3	a spark of its own
2	a spark
2	of its own
3	its own
2	Viewing this underdramatized but overstated film is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet .
0	Viewing this underdramatized but overstated film
1	this underdramatized but overstated film
2	underdramatized but overstated film
1	underdramatized but overstated
2	underdramatized but
1	is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet .
1	is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet
1	like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet
0	watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet
1	a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet
2	a transcript
1	of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet
1	a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet
1	a therapy session
2	therapy session
1	brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet
2	to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet
1	humdrum life by some Freudian puppet
2	humdrum life
1	by some Freudian puppet
2	some Freudian puppet
1	Freudian puppet
1	Overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .
2	Overall tomfoolery like this
2	Overall tomfoolery
2	like this
2	is a matter of taste .
2	is a matter of taste
2	a matter of taste
2	a matter
2	of taste
1	The mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . '
2	The mantra behind the project
2	The mantra
3	behind the project
2	the project
2	seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . '
1	seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick .
1	seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick
2	to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick
2	have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick
2	been ` it 's just a kids ' flick
1	` it 's just a kids ' flick
1	it 's just a kids ' flick
2	it 's just a kids
2	's just a kids
2	's just
2	a kids
2	' flick
1	Translation : ` We do n't need to try very hard . '
1	Translation : ` We do n't need to try very hard .
1	Translation : ` We do n't need to try very hard
2	Translation : `
2	Translation :
2	We do n't need to try very hard
1	do n't need to try very hard
2	do n't
1	need to try very hard
2	to try very hard
2	try very hard
2	very hard
0	In all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
2	In all the annals of the movies
2	all the annals of the movies
1	all the annals
2	the annals
2	of the movies
2	the movies
0	, few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
0	few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
2	few films
1	have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
1	have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant
1	been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant
0	this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant
0	odd , inexplicable and unpleasant
1	, inexplicable and unpleasant
2	inexplicable and unpleasant
2	inexplicable and
1	It takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about .
0	takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about .
0	takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about
0	takes a really long , slow and dreary time
1	a really long , slow and dreary time
0	really long , slow and dreary time
2	really long , slow and dreary
0	long , slow and dreary
1	, slow and dreary
1	slow and dreary
1	slow and
2	to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about
2	dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about
2	dope out
2	what TUCK EVERLASTING is about
2	TUCK EVERLASTING is about
2	TUCK EVERLASTING
2	is about
2	So here it is : It 's about a family of sour immortals .
1	So here it is : It 's about a family of sour immortals
2	So here it is :
2	So here it is
2	So here
3	it is
2	It 's about a family of sour immortals
2	's about a family of sour immortals
1	about a family of sour immortals
2	a family of sour immortals
2	a family
2	of sour immortals
1	sour immortals
1	an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching for decades
2	an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment
1	an essentially awkward version
1	essentially awkward version
1	awkward version
1	of the lightweight female empowerment
2	the lightweight female empowerment
1	lightweight female empowerment
3	female empowerment
2	picture we 've been watching for decades
2	we 've been watching for decades
2	've been watching for decades
2	been watching for decades
2	watching for decades
2	for decades
1	The author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .
2	The author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling
3	The author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ;
3	The author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating
2	The author 's devotees
2	The author 's
1	author 's
3	will probably find it fascinating
3	will probably
3	find it fascinating
3	it fascinating
2	others may find it baffling
2	may find it baffling
1	find it baffling
2	it baffling
1	Writer-director Walter Hill and co-writer David Giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .
2	Writer-director Walter Hill and co-writer David Giler
2	Writer-director Walter Hill and
2	Writer-director Walter Hill
2	Walter Hill
2	co-writer David Giler
2	David Giler
1	try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .
1	try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags
1	try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but
1	try to create characters out of the obvious cliches ,
2	try to create characters out of the obvious cliches
2	to create characters out of the obvious cliches
2	create characters out of the obvious cliches
2	create characters out
3	create characters
1	of the obvious cliches
1	the obvious cliches
1	obvious cliches
1	wind up using them as punching bags
2	wind up
1	using them as punching bags
2	using them
3	as punching bags
2	punching bags
0	There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .
0	There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces
1	There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ;
0	There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up
2	There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed :
1	There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed
2	's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed
1	a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed
2	scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed
1	law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed
2	to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed
2	be discerned here that producers would be well to heed
1	discerned here that producers would be well to heed
2	discerned here
2	that producers would be well to heed
2	producers would be well to heed
2	would be well to heed
2	be well to heed
2	be well
2	to heed
1	Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up
1	Mediocre movies
1	start to drag as soon as the action speeds up
1	to drag as soon as the action speeds up
1	drag as soon as the action speeds up
2	as soon as the action speeds up
2	as soon
2	as the action speeds up
2	the action speeds up
2	the action
3	speeds up
1	when the explosions start , they fall to pieces
2	when the explosions start
2	the explosions start
2	the explosions
2	, they fall to pieces
1	they fall to pieces
1	fall to pieces
2	to pieces
1	A cockeyed shot all the way .
2	A cockeyed
3	shot all the way .
2	shot all the way
3	all the way
2	the way
1	Lush and beautifully photographed -LRB- somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book -RRB- , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .
3	Lush and beautifully photographed -LRB- somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book -RRB- , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered
3	Lush and beautifully photographed -LRB- somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book -RRB- , but
4	Lush and beautifully photographed -LRB- somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book -RRB- ,
3	Lush and beautifully photographed -LRB- somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book -RRB-
3	Lush and beautifully
2	Lush and
2	photographed -LRB- somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book -RRB-
1	-LRB- somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book -RRB-
2	somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book -RRB-
2	somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book
2	suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book
1	the stills might make a nice coffee table book
2	the stills
2	might make a nice coffee table book
3	make a nice coffee table book
3	a nice coffee table book
2	nice coffee table book
2	coffee table book
2	table book
0	ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered
0	you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered
2	'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered
2	leave the theater wondering why these people mattered
1	the theater wondering why these people mattered
2	the theater
1	wondering why these people mattered
2	why these people mattered
3	these people mattered
2	these people
0	Unfortunately , One Hour Photo lives down to its title .
1	, One Hour Photo lives down to its title .
1	One Hour Photo lives down to its title .
2	One Hour Photo
2	Hour Photo
1	lives down to its title .
2	lives down to its title
2	lives down
2	to its title
2	its title
0	Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .
1	Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film
2	Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes --
3	Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes
2	Thanks largely to Williams
3	Thanks largely
2	to Williams
2	, all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes
2	all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes
3	all the interesting developments
2	the interesting developments
3	interesting developments
2	are processed in 60 minutes
2	processed in 60 minutes
2	in 60 minutes
2	60 minutes
0	the rest is just an overexposed waste of film
2	the rest
0	is just an overexposed waste of film
2	is just
0	an overexposed waste of film
0	an overexposed waste
1	overexposed waste
2	of film
0	Cold , Sterile And Lacking Any Color Or Warmth .
1	Cold , Sterile And Lacking Any Color Or Warmth
0	Cold , Sterile And Lacking
1	, Sterile And Lacking
2	Sterile And Lacking
1	Sterile And
2	Any Color Or Warmth
2	Color Or Warmth
2	Color Or
1	The film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
2	The film
1	is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
0	is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold
1	undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold
2	by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold
3	anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold
3	anachronistic quick edits and
2	anachronistic quick edits
2	quick edits
1	occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold
3	occasional jarring glimpses
2	jarring glimpses
2	of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold
2	a modern theater audience watching the events unfold
2	a modern theater audience
2	modern theater audience
2	theater audience
2	watching the events unfold
2	the events unfold
2	the events
1	Seems like someone going through the motions .
1	Seems like someone going through the motions
2	like someone going through the motions
1	someone going through the motions
1	going through the motions
2	through the motions
2	the motions
1	For a film about explosions and death and spies , `` Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .
2	For a film about explosions and death and spies
2	a film about explosions and death and spies
2	a film
2	about explosions and death and spies
2	explosions and death and spies
2	and death and spies
2	death and spies
2	death and
1	, `` Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .
1	`` Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .
2	`` Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever ''
2	Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever ''
2	Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever
3	Ballistic :
2	Ecks vs. Sever
2	Ecks vs.
2	seems as safe as a children 's film .
2	seems as safe as a children 's film
2	as safe as a children 's film
3	safe as a children 's film
2	as a children 's film
2	a children 's film
2	a children 's
2	children 's
1	Well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies .
2	, in some of those , the mother deer even dies .
2	in some of those , the mother deer even dies .
2	in some of those
2	some of those
2	of those
2	, the mother deer even dies .
2	the mother deer even dies .
2	the mother deer
2	mother deer
1	even dies .
1	dies .
2	Wallace gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste .
1	gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste .
1	gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste
1	gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and
2	gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times ,
1	gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times
1	a bit heavy handed with his message at times
2	a bit
2	heavy handed with his message at times
2	handed with his message at times
2	with his message at times
2	his message at times
2	his message
2	at times
1	has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste
1	a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste
2	a visual flair
3	visual flair
1	that waxes poetic far too much for our taste
1	waxes poetic far too much for our taste
2	waxes poetic
1	far too much for our taste
1	far too much
1	too much
2	for our taste
2	our taste
2	Impostor does n't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast .
1	does n't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast .
1	does n't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast
1	does n't
2	do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast
2	do much with its template ,
2	do much with its template
2	much with its template
2	with its template
2	its template
2	despite a remarkably strong cast
4	a remarkably strong cast
3	remarkably strong cast
3	remarkably strong
2	Wraps itself in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy , but it is n't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited .
1	Wraps itself in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy
2	Wraps itself
2	in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy
1	the guise of a dark and quirky comedy
2	the guise
2	of a dark and quirky comedy
2	a dark and quirky comedy
3	dark and quirky comedy
3	and quirky comedy
3	quirky comedy
1	, but it is n't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited .
1	, but it is n't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited
2	, but
1	it is n't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited
1	is n't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited
2	is n't as quirky
1	is n't
2	as quirky
1	as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited
3	it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited
1	thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited
1	it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited
2	it is and
3	it is
1	its comedy is generally mean-spirited
2	its comedy
1	is generally mean-spirited
3	generally mean-spirited
1	Choppy , overlong documentary about ` The Lifestyle . '
2	, overlong documentary about ` The Lifestyle . '
2	overlong documentary about ` The Lifestyle . '
1	overlong documentary about ` The Lifestyle .
2	overlong documentary about ` The Lifestyle
1	overlong documentary
2	about ` The Lifestyle
2	about `
2	The Lifestyle
0	One sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
2	sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
1	sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot
1	sloughs one 's way
2	one 's way
2	one 's
0	through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot
1	the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot
2	the mire
1	of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot
0	this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot
1	this alleged psychological thriller
2	alleged psychological thriller
3	psychological thriller
1	in search of purpose or even a plot
1	search of purpose or even a plot
1	of purpose or even a plot
2	purpose or even a plot
2	purpose or
1	even a plot
2	a plot
1	A film which presses familiar Herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .
1	A film which presses familiar Herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director
2	A film
1	which presses familiar Herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director
2	presses familiar Herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director
2	presses familiar Herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction ,
2	presses familiar Herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction
2	presses familiar Herzog tropes
2	familiar Herzog tropes
2	familiar Herzog
2	into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction
0	the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction
2	the service
2	of a limpid and conventional historical fiction
2	a limpid and conventional historical fiction
1	limpid and conventional historical fiction
2	limpid and conventional
1	limpid and
2	historical fiction
2	when really what we demand of the director
3	really what we demand of the director
2	what we demand of the director
2	we demand of the director
2	demand of the director
2	of the director
2	the director
3	is to be mesmerised .
3	is to be mesmerised
3	to be mesmerised
4	be mesmerised
2	It 's a fanboy ` what if ? '
2	's a fanboy ` what if ? '
2	's a fanboy ` what if ?
2	's a fanboy ` what if
2	a fanboy ` what if
2	fanboy ` what if
2	` what if
2	what if
3	brought to life on the big screen .
3	brought to life on the big screen
2	to life on the big screen
2	life on the big screen
2	on the big screen
2	the big screen
2	big screen
1	The story itself is actually quite vapid .
2	The story
1	itself is actually quite vapid .
2	is actually quite vapid .
2	is actually quite vapid
3	is actually
1	quite vapid
1	It 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the Dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s .
0	It 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the Dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s
1	It 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and
1	It 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch ,
1	It 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch
0	's a hellish , numbing experience to watch
1	's a hellish ,
1	's a hellish
2	a hellish
1	numbing experience to watch
1	numbing experience
2	to watch
1	it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the Dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s
2	does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the Dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s
1	does n't
1	offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the Dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s
2	offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already ,
2	offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already
2	offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media
1	any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media
2	any insights
2	that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media
2	have n't been thoroughly debated in the media
2	have n't
2	been thoroughly debated in the media
2	thoroughly debated in the media
2	debated in the media
1	in the media
2	the media
2	back in the Dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s
2	in the Dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s
2	the Dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s
2	the Dahmer heyday
2	Dahmer heyday
2	of the mid - '90s
2	the mid - '90s
2	mid - '90s
2	- '90s
2	Wait for pay per view or rental but do n't dismiss BarberShop out of hand .
2	Wait for pay per view or rental but do n't dismiss BarberShop out of hand
1	Wait for pay per view or rental but
2	Wait for pay per view or rental
2	for pay per view or rental
2	pay per view or rental
2	per view or rental
2	view or rental
2	view or
2	do n't dismiss BarberShop out of hand
2	do n't
0	dismiss BarberShop out of hand
2	dismiss BarberShop out
2	dismiss BarberShop
2	of hand
1	A few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and Jordan Brady 's direction is prosaic .
3	A few zingers aside
2	A few zingers
2	few zingers
1	, the writing is indifferent , and Jordan Brady 's direction is prosaic .
2	the writing is indifferent , and Jordan Brady 's direction is prosaic .
1	the writing is indifferent , and Jordan Brady 's direction is prosaic
1	the writing is indifferent , and
1	the writing is indifferent ,
1	the writing is indifferent
2	the writing
2	is indifferent
2	Jordan Brady 's direction is prosaic
2	Jordan Brady 's direction
2	Jordan Brady 's
2	Brady 's
2	is prosaic
1	Each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .
0	Each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top
0	Each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and
0	Each scene drags , underscoring the obvious ,
1	Each scene drags , underscoring the obvious
2	Each scene
0	drags , underscoring the obvious
2	drags ,
2	underscoring the obvious
2	the obvious
2	sentiment is slathered on top
2	is slathered on top
2	slathered on top
3	on top
0	Would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .
2	've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .
1	've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement
1	been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement
2	been nice
2	if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement
2	the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement
2	the screenwriters
2	had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement
2	trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement
2	trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and
2	trusted audiences to understand a complex story ,
2	trusted audiences to understand a complex story
3	trusted audiences
2	to understand a complex story
2	understand a complex story
3	a complex story
3	complex story
1	left off the film 's predictable denouement
2	left off
1	the film 's predictable denouement
2	the film 's
2	film 's
1	predictable denouement
2	Then Nadia 's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all .
3	Nadia 's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all .
2	Nadia 's birthday
2	Nadia 's
2	might not have been such a bad day after all .
3	might not have been such a bad day after all
2	might not
2	have been such a bad day after all
2	been such a bad day after all
1	been such a bad day
1	such a bad day
1	a bad day
1	bad day
2	after all
2	One of those staggeringly well-produced , joylessly extravagant pictures that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily .
2	One of those staggeringly well-produced , joylessly extravagant pictures that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily
4	One of those staggeringly well-produced ,
4	One of those staggeringly well-produced
3	of those staggeringly well-produced
3	those staggeringly well-produced
4	staggeringly well-produced
0	joylessly extravagant pictures that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily
1	joylessly extravagant pictures
2	extravagant pictures
1	that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily
1	keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily
1	whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily
3	whooshing you from one visual marvel
2	whooshing you
3	from one visual marvel
3	one visual marvel
3	visual marvel
1	to the next , hastily , emptily
1	the next , hastily , emptily
2	next , hastily , emptily
1	, hastily , emptily
2	, hastily ,
2	hastily ,
0	Nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
0	just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
0	does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
0	does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
1	does n't
1	have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
1	the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
0	necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
0	self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
0	to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
0	guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
1	guide a loose , poorly structured film
1	a loose , poorly structured film
1	loose , poorly structured film
1	loose , poorly structured
1	, poorly structured
1	poorly structured
1	through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
1	the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
3	the pitfalls
2	of incoherence and redundancy
0	incoherence and redundancy
1	incoherence and
3	Enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , Walt Becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
1	Enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions
3	taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions
2	taking up
2	the current teen movie concern with bodily functions
2	the current teen movie concern
2	current teen movie concern
2	teen movie concern
2	movie concern
2	with bodily functions
2	bodily functions
4	, Walt Becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
3	Walt Becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
2	Walt Becker 's film
2	Walt Becker 's
2	Becker 's
3	pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
3	pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons
3	all the demographically appropriate comic buttons
2	the demographically appropriate comic buttons
2	demographically appropriate comic buttons
3	appropriate comic buttons
2	comic buttons
4	It 's the funniest American comedy since Graffiti Bridge .
4	's the funniest American comedy since Graffiti Bridge .
4	's the funniest American comedy since Graffiti Bridge
4	the funniest American comedy since Graffiti Bridge
4	the funniest American comedy
4	funniest American comedy
2	American comedy
2	since Graffiti Bridge
2	Graffiti Bridge
1	That neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .
2	That neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition
1	neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition
2	neither protagonist
2	has a distinguishable condition
2	a distinguishable condition
2	distinguishable condition
2	hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .
1	matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .
2	matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
1	because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
1	both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
0	are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
2	are just
1	actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
2	actory concoctions ,
2	actory concoctions
1	defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
1	by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
2	childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
0	childlike dimness and
1	childlike dimness
2	a handful of quirks
3	a handful
2	of quirks
0	What starts off as a possible Argentine American Beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .
1	starts off as a possible Argentine American Beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .
1	starts off as a possible Argentine American Beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers
2	starts off
2	as a possible Argentine American Beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers
2	a possible Argentine American Beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers
1	a possible Argentine American Beauty reeks
1	possible Argentine American Beauty reeks
0	Argentine American Beauty reeks
0	American Beauty reeks
3	Beauty reeks
3	like a room stacked with pungent flowers
2	a room stacked with pungent flowers
2	a room
2	stacked with pungent flowers
2	with pungent flowers
2	pungent flowers
0	The project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting .
2	The project 's filmmakers
2	The project 's
2	project 's
1	forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting .
0	forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting
2	forgot to include anything even halfway scary
1	to include anything even halfway scary
2	include anything even halfway scary
2	include anything
3	even halfway scary
2	halfway scary
1	as they poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting
1	they poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting
1	poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting
1	rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting
2	rejigger Fatal Attraction
2	Fatal Attraction
2	into a high school setting
2	a high school setting
2	high school setting
2	school setting
1	In old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , Ms. Shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .
2	In old-fashioned screenwriting parlance
2	old-fashioned screenwriting parlance
2	screenwriting parlance
1	, Ms. Shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .
1	Ms. Shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .
2	Ms. Shreve 's novel
2	Ms. Shreve 's
2	Shreve 's
1	proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .
1	proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast
1	proved too difficult
1	too difficult
1	a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast
2	a text to ` lick , '
1	a text to ` lick ,
3	a text to ` lick
2	a text
2	to ` lick
2	to `
1	despite the efforts of a first-rate cast
3	the efforts of a first-rate cast
2	the efforts
4	of a first-rate cast
4	a first-rate cast
3	first-rate cast
1	Solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
1	may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
3	may well
1	be the only one laughing at his own joke
1	the only one laughing at his own joke
2	the only one
2	only one
1	laughing at his own joke
2	at his own joke
2	his own joke
2	own joke
0	Stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .
1	is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .
0	is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\*
0	a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\*
0	bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\*
1	bad mannered
1	, ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\*
0	ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\*
0	ugly and destructive
1	ugly and
2	little \*\*\*\*
0	No cute factor here ... Not that I mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
1	No cute factor
3	cute factor
1	here ... Not that I mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
1	... Not that I mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
1	Not that I mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
2	Not that I mind ugly
2	that I mind ugly
1	I mind ugly
1	mind ugly
1	; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
0	the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
1	the problem
1	is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
0	is he has no character , loveable or otherwise
0	he has no character , loveable or otherwise
0	has no character , loveable or otherwise
0	no character , loveable or otherwise
0	no character ,
1	no character
3	loveable or otherwise
2	loveable or
0	Deep down , I realized the harsh reality of my situation : I would leave the theater with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered .
0	Deep down , I realized the harsh reality of my situation : I would leave the theater with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered
2	Deep down , I realized the harsh reality of my situation :
1	Deep down , I realized the harsh reality of my situation
2	Deep down
2	, I realized the harsh reality of my situation
1	I realized the harsh reality of my situation
1	realized the harsh reality of my situation
1	the harsh reality of my situation
2	the harsh reality
1	harsh reality
2	of my situation
2	my situation
0	I would leave the theater with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered
0	would leave the theater with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered
0	leave the theater with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered
1	leave the theater
2	the theater
0	with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered
0	a lower I.Q. than when I had entered
0	a lower I.Q.
1	lower I.Q.
2	than when I had entered
2	when I had entered
2	I had entered
2	had entered
2	A really funny fifteen-minute short stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film .
4	A really funny fifteen-minute
3	really funny fifteen-minute
4	really funny
1	short stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film .
1	stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film .
1	stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film
2	stretched beyond its limits
2	beyond its limits
2	its limits
2	to fill an almost feature-length film
2	fill an almost feature-length film
2	an almost feature-length film
2	almost feature-length film
2	feature-length film
0	Aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
1	Aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
0	from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
1	the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
2	the fact
0	that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
0	the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
2	the film
0	idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
1	uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
1	the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
2	the website feardotcom.com or
2	the website feardotcom.com
2	website feardotcom.com
1	the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
1	the improperly hammy performance
1	improperly hammy performance
2	improperly hammy
2	from poor Stephen Rea
2	poor Stephen Rea
2	Stephen Rea
0	, the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
1	the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
2	the film
0	gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
1	gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand
1	gets added disdain for the fact
2	gets added disdain
1	added disdain
2	for the fact
2	the fact
1	that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand
1	it is nearly impossible to look at or understand
1	is nearly impossible to look at or understand
2	is nearly impossible
1	nearly impossible
3	to look at or understand
2	look at or understand
2	look at or
2	look at
1	It is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment .
2	is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment .
2	is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment
2	is bad , but certainly not without merit
0	is bad
2	, but certainly not without merit
3	but certainly not without merit
3	certainly not without merit
3	not without merit
1	without merit
3	as entertainment
0	For its 100 minutes running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
2	For its 100 minutes
2	its 100 minutes
2	100 minutes
0	running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
2	running time
0	, you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
1	you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
1	'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
0	'll wait in vain for a movie to happen
2	wait in vain for a movie to happen
2	wait in vain for a movie
2	in vain for a movie
1	vain for a movie
2	for a movie
2	a movie
2	to happen
0	A work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
1	work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
1	work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse
1	that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse
1	lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse
2	both a purpose and a strong pulse
3	a purpose and a strong pulse
2	a purpose and
2	a purpose
3	a strong pulse
2	strong pulse
3	A faster paced family flick .
2	A faster paced family
2	faster paced family
2	faster paced
2	flick .
1	Upper Teens may get cynical .
2	Upper Teens
2	may get cynical .
2	may get cynical
2	get cynical
3	Smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .
2	Smaller numbered kidlets
2	numbered kidlets
3	will enjoy .
4	will enjoy
1	While this film has an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , Vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .
3	While this film has an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting players
3	this film has an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting players
2	this film
3	has an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting players
3	an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting players
3	an ` A ' list cast and
4	an ` A ' list cast
3	` A ' list cast
3	A ' list cast
2	A '
2	list cast
3	some strong supporting players
3	strong supporting players
2	supporting players
1	, the tale -- like its central figure , Vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .
1	the tale -- like its central figure , Vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .
2	the tale -- like its central figure , Vivi --
2	the tale
2	-- like its central figure , Vivi --
2	like its central figure , Vivi --
2	like its central figure , Vivi
2	its central figure , Vivi
2	its central figure ,
2	its central figure
2	central figure
1	is just a little bit hard to love .
1	is just a little bit hard to love
2	is just a little bit hard
2	just a little bit hard
2	just a little bit
2	a little bit
2	little bit
2	to love
0	It 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .
0	's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .
1	's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns
1	a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns
1	a road-trip drama
2	road-trip drama
2	with too many wrong turns
1	too many wrong turns
1	too many
2	wrong turns
1	Most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river .
0	Most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river
2	Most fish stories are a little peculiar , but
2	Most fish stories are a little peculiar ,
2	Most fish stories are a little peculiar
2	Most fish stories
2	fish stories
1	are a little peculiar
2	a little peculiar
2	a little
1	this is one that should be thrown back in the river
0	is one that should be thrown back in the river
1	one that should be thrown back in the river
1	that should be thrown back in the river
0	should be thrown back in the river
2	be thrown back in the river
2	thrown back in the river
2	thrown back
2	in the river
3	the river
2	It 's all gratuitous before long , as if Schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .
1	's all gratuitous before long , as if Schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .
1	's all gratuitous before long , as if Schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story
2	's all gratuitous before long ,
2	's all gratuitous before long
2	's all gratuitous
2	all gratuitous
2	before long
1	as if Schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story
1	if Schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story
1	Schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story
1	were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story
0	fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story
1	fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic
1	a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic
2	a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience
2	a gross-out quota
1	gross-out quota
2	for an anticipated audience
3	an anticipated audience
2	anticipated audience
1	instead of shaping the material to fit the story
2	of shaping the material to fit the story
2	shaping the material to fit the story
2	the material to fit the story
2	material to fit the story
2	to fit the story
2	fit the story
2	the story
2	`` I blame all men for war , '' -LRB- the warden 's daughter -RRB- tells her father .
2	I blame all men for war , '' -LRB- the warden 's daughter -RRB- tells her father .
2	blame all men for war , '' -LRB- the warden 's daughter -RRB- tells her father .
2	blame all men for war , '' -LRB- the warden 's daughter -RRB- tells her father
2	all men for war , '' -LRB- the warden 's daughter -RRB- tells her father
2	all men for war , '' -LRB- the warden 's daughter -RRB-
2	all men for war , ''
2	all men for war ,
2	all men for war
2	all men
2	for war
2	-LRB- the warden 's daughter -RRB-
2	the warden 's daughter -RRB-
2	the warden 's daughter
2	the warden 's
2	warden 's
2	tells her father
2	her father
1	The movie is about as deep as that sentiment .
2	The movie
2	is about as deep as that sentiment .
1	is about as deep as that sentiment
2	is about as deep
2	about as deep
2	as deep
3	as that sentiment
2	that sentiment
2	It 's fitfully funny but never really takes off .
1	's fitfully funny but never really takes off .
1	's fitfully funny but never really takes off
3	's fitfully funny but never
3	's fitfully funny but
3	's fitfully funny
3	fitfully funny
3	really takes off
2	takes off
1	I 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but Lil Bow Wow takes the cake .
0	I 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but Lil Bow Wow takes the cake
1	I 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but
1	I 've seen some bad singer-turned actors ,
1	I 've seen some bad singer-turned actors
1	've seen some bad singer-turned actors
1	seen some bad singer-turned actors
1	some bad singer-turned actors
1	bad singer-turned actors
2	singer-turned actors
3	Lil Bow Wow takes the cake
2	Lil Bow Wow
2	Bow Wow
2	takes the cake
2	the cake
3	By halfway through this picture I was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it ... Then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .
0	By halfway through this picture I was beginning to hate it , and , of course
1	halfway through this picture I was beginning to hate it , and , of course
1	halfway through this picture I was beginning to hate it , and ,
2	halfway through this picture I was beginning to hate it , and
1	halfway through this picture I was beginning to hate it ,
0	halfway through this picture I was beginning to hate it
1	through this picture I was beginning to hate it
2	through this picture
2	this picture
1	I was beginning to hate it
1	was beginning to hate it
1	beginning to hate it
1	to hate it
0	hate it
2	of course
2	, feeling guilty for it ... Then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .
3	feeling guilty for it ... Then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .
2	feeling guilty for it ... Then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop
2	feeling guilty for it ...
1	feeling guilty for it
1	feeling guilty
2	for it
2	Then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop
2	, miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop
2	miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop
3	miracle of miracles , the movie
2	of miracles , the movie
2	miracles , the movie
3	miracles ,
2	the movie
2	does a flip-flop
2	a flip-flop
2	For all the complications , it 's all surprisingly predictable .
2	For all the complications
3	all the complications
2	the complications
1	, it 's all surprisingly predictable .
1	it 's all surprisingly predictable .
1	's all surprisingly predictable .
1	's all surprisingly predictable
2	's all
2	surprisingly predictable
2	It 's been 20 years since 48 Hrs .
2	's been 20 years since 48 Hrs .
2	's been 20 years since 48 Hrs
2	been 20 years since 48 Hrs
2	20 years since 48 Hrs
2	20 years
2	since 48 Hrs
2	48 Hrs
3	made Eddie Murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .
3	made Eddie Murphy a movie star and the man
2	Eddie Murphy a movie star and the man
2	Eddie Murphy
2	a movie star and the man
2	a movie star and
3	a movie star
2	movie star
3	the man
2	has n't aged a day .
3	has n't aged a day
2	has n't
2	aged a day
2	a day
2	But his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old .
1	his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old .
2	his showboating wise-cracker stock persona
0	showboating wise-cracker stock persona
2	wise-cracker stock persona
1	stock persona
1	sure is getting old .
1	is getting old .
1	is getting old
2	getting old
2	If Deuces Wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good .
2	If Deuces Wild had been tweaked up a notch
2	Deuces Wild had been tweaked up a notch
2	Deuces Wild
2	had been tweaked up a notch
2	been tweaked up a notch
2	tweaked up a notch
2	tweaked up
2	a notch
3	it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good .
2	would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good .
2	would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good
2	have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good
2	become a camp adventure , one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good
1	a camp adventure , one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good
2	a camp adventure ,
2	a camp adventure
2	camp adventure
1	one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good
3	one of those movies
2	of those movies
2	those movies
3	that 's so bad it starts to become good
2	's so bad it starts to become good
2	so bad it starts to become good
2	bad it starts to become good
3	it starts to become good
3	starts to become good
2	to become good
3	become good
1	But it was n't .
2	it was n't .
2	was n't .
2	was n't
1	For a film about action , Ultimate X is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
2	For a film about action
2	a film about action
2	a film
2	about action
1	, Ultimate X is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
0	Ultimate X is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
2	Ultimate X
1	is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
1	is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype
1	is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever ,
1	is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever
1	is the gabbiest giant-screen movie
1	the gabbiest giant-screen movie
1	gabbiest giant-screen movie
2	giant-screen movie
1	bogging down in a barrage of hype
1	bogging down
2	in a barrage of hype
2	a barrage of hype
2	a barrage
1	of hype
1	... a low rate Annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of Jordan , and weirdo actor Crispin Glover screwing things up old school .
2	a low rate Annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of Jordan , and weirdo actor Crispin Glover screwing things up old school .
0	a low rate Annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of Jordan , and weirdo actor Crispin Glover screwing things up old school
1	a low rate Annie
1	low rate Annie
3	rate Annie
2	featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of Jordan , and weirdo actor Crispin Glover screwing things up old school
0	some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of Jordan , and weirdo actor Crispin Glover screwing things up old school
1	some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of Jordan , and
1	some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of Jordan ,
1	some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of Jordan
1	some kid who ca n't act , only
2	some kid who ca n't act ,
2	some kid who ca n't act
2	some kid
1	who ca n't act
0	ca n't act
2	ca n't
2	echoes of Jordan
2	of Jordan
0	weirdo actor Crispin Glover screwing things up old school
1	weirdo actor Crispin Glover
2	actor Crispin Glover
2	Crispin Glover
1	screwing things up old school
2	screwing things
2	up old school
2	old school
0	It might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the Saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .
0	It might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the Saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness
2	It might not be 1970s animation , but
1	It might not be 1970s animation ,
2	It might not be 1970s animation
2	might not be 1970s animation
2	might not
2	be 1970s animation
2	1970s animation
0	everything else about it is straight from the Saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness
2	everything else about it
2	everything else
2	about it
1	is straight from the Saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness
2	is straight from the Saturday morning cartoons
1	straight from the Saturday morning cartoons
2	from the Saturday morning cartoons
3	the Saturday morning cartoons
2	Saturday morning cartoons
2	morning cartoons
1	-- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness
0	a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness
1	a retread story , bad writing , and
2	a retread story , bad writing ,
0	a retread story , bad writing
2	a retread story ,
0	a retread story
1	retread story
0	bad writing
1	the same old silliness
2	same old silliness
2	old silliness
1	The picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain .
2	The picture
1	seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain .
1	seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain
1	seems uncertain
2	whether it wants to be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain
1	it wants to be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain
2	wants to be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain
1	to be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain
2	be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain
2	an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain
2	an acidic all-male All About Eve or
1	an acidic all-male All About Eve
2	an acidic all-male
1	acidic all-male
2	All About Eve
2	About Eve
3	a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain
3	a lush , swooning melodrama
3	lush , swooning melodrama
2	, swooning melodrama
3	swooning melodrama
2	in the Intermezzo strain
2	the Intermezzo strain
3	Intermezzo strain
1	A nearly 21\/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent .
2	A nearly 21\/2 hours , the film
2	A nearly 21\/2 hours ,
2	A nearly 21\/2 hours
2	nearly 21\/2 hours
2	nearly 21\/2
2	the film
1	is way too indulgent .
1	is way too indulgent
2	is way
1	too indulgent
1	Gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic .
1	Gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic
1	Gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ...
1	Gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid
3	Gorgeous to look at but
4	Gorgeous to look at
2	to look at
2	look at
1	insufferably tedious and turgid
1	tedious and turgid
2	tedious and
2	a curiously constricted epic
2	a curiously
2	constricted epic
2	It looks much more like a cartoon in the end than The Simpsons ever has .
2	looks much more like a cartoon in the end than The Simpsons ever has .
1	looks much more like a cartoon in the end than The Simpsons ever has
1	looks much more like a cartoon in the end
1	much more like a cartoon in the end
2	much more
1	like a cartoon in the end
2	a cartoon in the end
2	a cartoon
2	in the end
2	the end
2	than The Simpsons ever has
2	The Simpsons ever has
2	The Simpsons
2	ever has
1	With a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , Personal Velocity seems to be idling in neutral .
1	With a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , Personal Velocity seems to be idling in neutral
2	With a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but
2	With a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent ,
3	With a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent
2	With a tighter editorial process and firmer direction
2	a tighter editorial process and firmer direction
2	a tighter editorial process and
2	a tighter editorial process
2	tighter editorial process
3	editorial process
2	firmer direction
3	this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent
2	this material
3	could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent
3	work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent
2	work , especially
2	work ,
2	since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent
4	the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent
2	the actresses in the lead roles
2	the actresses
2	in the lead roles
2	the lead roles
2	lead roles
3	are all more than competent
2	are all
3	more than competent
2	more than
2	as is , Personal Velocity seems to be idling in neutral
2	as is
2	, Personal Velocity seems to be idling in neutral
1	Personal Velocity seems to be idling in neutral
3	Personal Velocity
2	seems to be idling in neutral
2	to be idling in neutral
2	be idling in neutral
1	idling in neutral
2	in neutral
1	Does n't really add up to much .
1	Does n't really add up to much
2	Does n't really
2	Does n't
2	add up to much
2	add up
2	to much
1	It 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind .
2	It 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind
2	It 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie -
2	It 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie
2	It 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but
1	It 's better suited for the history or biography channel ,
2	It 's better suited for the history or biography channel
2	's better suited for the history or biography channel
3	's better
3	suited for the history or biography channel
2	for the history or biography channel
2	the history or biography channel
2	history or biography channel
2	or biography channel
3	biography channel
2	there 's no arguing the tone of the movie
2	's no arguing the tone of the movie
2	no arguing the tone of the movie
2	arguing the tone of the movie
2	the tone of the movie
2	the tone
2	of the movie
2	the movie
0	it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind
2	leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind
0	leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions
1	a bad taste in your mouth and questions
1	a bad taste
1	bad taste
2	in your mouth and questions
2	your mouth and questions
2	mouth and questions
2	mouth and
2	on your mind
2	your mind
1	An entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
3	An entertainment
1	so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
2	so in
0	love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
0	love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
2	love with its overinflated mythology
2	with its overinflated mythology
1	its overinflated mythology
1	overinflated mythology
1	that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
1	it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
1	no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
2	no longer
3	recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
1	the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
2	the needs
3	of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
3	moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
2	for real characters and compelling plots
4	real characters and compelling plots
2	real characters and
3	real characters
3	compelling plots
1	A prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .
0	A prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp
2	A prolonged extrusion
1	prolonged extrusion
1	of psychopathic pulp
2	psychopathic pulp
1	Borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion .
1	Borrows from other movies
2	from other movies
2	other movies
2	like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion .
2	like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion
3	like it
2	in the most ordinary and obvious fashion
1	the most ordinary and obvious fashion
2	most ordinary and obvious fashion
1	most ordinary and obvious
0	ordinary and obvious
3	ordinary and
1	It 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .
1	's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .
1	's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction
2	surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction
1	bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction
2	despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction
2	the heavy doses of weird performances and direction
2	the heavy doses
2	heavy doses
1	of weird performances and direction
2	weird performances and direction
2	performances and direction
2	performances and
0	A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` In space , no one can hear you snore . '
0	A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` In space , no one can hear you snore .
0	A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` In space , no one can hear you snore
0	A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : `
0	A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be :
1	A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be
0	A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline
1	A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull
1	A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ...
1	A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece
1	chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece
1	, remote , emotionally distant piece
1	remote , emotionally distant piece
2	, emotionally distant piece
1	emotionally distant piece
2	distant piece
0	so dull
2	that its tagline
2	its tagline
2	should be
1	In space , no one can hear you snore
2	In space
0	, no one can hear you snore
1	no one can hear you snore
2	no one
1	can hear you snore
2	hear you snore
1	you snore
1	The characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .
2	The characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience
1	The characters seem one-dimensional , and
1	The characters seem one-dimensional ,
1	The characters seem one-dimensional
2	The characters
1	seem one-dimensional
1	the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience
2	the film
2	is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience
1	is superficial and
1	is superficial
2	will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience
3	will probably
3	be of interest primarily to its target audience
2	be of interest primarily
2	be of interest
3	of interest
2	to its target audience
2	its target audience
2	target audience
1	Sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor Hermocrates and Leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .
1	Sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor Hermocrates and Leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours
1	Sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and
2	Sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish ,
1	Sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish
1	makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish
1	the princess seem smug and cartoonish
2	the princess
1	seem smug and cartoonish
1	smug and cartoonish
2	smug and
2	the film only really comes alive when poor Hermocrates and Leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours
2	the film only
2	film only
2	really comes alive when poor Hermocrates and Leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours
3	comes alive when poor Hermocrates and Leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours
3	comes alive
1	when poor Hermocrates and Leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours
2	poor Hermocrates and Leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours
1	poor Hermocrates and Leontine
2	poor Hermocrates and
2	poor Hermocrates
0	pathetically compare notes about their budding amours
2	compare notes about their budding amours
2	notes about their budding amours
3	about their budding amours
2	their budding amours
3	budding amours
1	It 's like a drive-by .
2	's like a drive-by .
1	's like a drive-by
2	like a drive-by
2	a drive-by
1	You can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .
1	can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .
1	can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise
2	drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise
2	drive right by it
2	right by it
2	by it
2	without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise
2	noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise
2	anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise
1	anything special , save for a few comic turns ,
2	anything special , save for a few comic turns
2	anything special ,
2	anything special
2	save for a few comic turns
3	for a few comic turns
2	a few comic turns
2	few comic turns
2	comic turns
2	intended and otherwise
2	intended and
1	Everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .
2	Everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier --
2	-- even life on an aircraft carrier --
3	even life on an aircraft carrier --
2	even life on an aircraft carrier
2	even life
2	on an aircraft carrier
2	an aircraft carrier
2	aircraft carrier
2	is sentimentalized .
2	is sentimentalized
0	This would-be ` James Bond for the Extreme Generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie .
2	This would-be ` James Bond for the Extreme Generation ' pic
2	This would-be ` James Bond
2	would-be ` James Bond
2	` James Bond
2	James Bond
2	for the Extreme Generation ' pic
2	the Extreme Generation ' pic
3	the Extreme Generation '
2	Extreme Generation '
2	Generation '
0	is one big , dumb action movie .
0	is one big , dumb action movie
2	is one
1	big , dumb action movie
0	, dumb action movie
1	dumb action movie
2	action movie
1	Stress ` dumb . '
1	Stress ` dumb .
1	Stress ` dumb
1	` dumb
2	The movie has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers .
2	The movie
2	has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers .
3	has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers
2	has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent ,
2	has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent
2	has generic virtues , and
1	has generic virtues ,
3	has generic virtues
2	generic virtues
2	despite a lot of involved talent
2	despite a lot
2	a lot
3	of involved talent
3	involved talent
2	seems done by the numbers
2	done by the numbers
2	by the numbers
2	the numbers
1	When your subject is illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?
2	When your subject is illusion versus reality
2	your subject is illusion versus reality
2	your subject
2	is illusion versus reality
2	illusion versus reality
2	versus reality
1	, should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?
2	should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?
1	should n't the reality seem at least passably real
2	should n't the reality
2	should n't
2	the reality
3	seem at least passably real
3	at least passably real
3	at least passably
2	at least
0	It 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .
0	's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .
0	's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch
0	's a terrible movie in every regard , and
0	's a terrible movie in every regard ,
0	's a terrible movie in every regard
0	a terrible movie in every regard
0	a terrible movie
1	terrible movie
2	in every regard
2	every regard
0	utterly painful to watch
1	utterly painful
2	to watch
0	This is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB- in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` Why ? '
0	This is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB- in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` Why ?
0	This is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB- in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` Why
0	This is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB- in sight , and
1	This is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB- in sight ,
1	This is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB- in sight
0	is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB- in sight
2	is rote spookiness ,
1	is rote spookiness
2	rote spookiness
0	with nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB- in sight
0	nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB- in sight
2	nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB-
0	nary an original idea
3	an original idea
2	original idea
1	-LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB-
1	-LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really
2	-LRB- or
3	role , or edit , or score , or anything , really
2	role , or edit , or score , or
2	role , or edit , or score ,
2	role ,
2	or edit , or score ,
2	or edit , or score
2	or edit , or
2	or edit ,
2	or edit
2	anything , really
2	anything ,
2	in sight
2	the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` Why
2	the whole of the proceedings
2	the whole
2	of the proceedings
2	the proceedings
1	beg the question ` Why
2	beg the question `
2	beg the question
2	the question
1	A fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .
2	A fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound
2	A fan film
2	fan film
2	that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound
1	for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound
2	for the uninitiated
2	the uninitiated
2	plays better on video with the sound
2	plays better
2	on video with the sound
2	video with the sound
2	with the sound
2	the sound
2	turned down .
1	turned down
1	Too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .
1	infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .
2	quirky and taken with its own style .
3	quirky and taken with its own style
2	quirky and
2	taken with its own style
2	with its own style
3	its own style
3	own style
1	There 's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale .
0	's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale .
0	's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale
0	a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale
1	a whole heap
2	whole heap
1	of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale
1	nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale
2	at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale
2	the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale
2	the core
2	of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale
2	this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale
2	slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale
2	coming-of-age\/coming-out tale
3	As much as I laughed throughout the movie , I can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
3	As much as I laughed throughout the movie
3	much as I laughed throughout the movie
3	as I laughed throughout the movie
4	I laughed throughout the movie
3	laughed throughout the movie
2	throughout the movie
2	the movie
3	, I can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
2	I can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
1	can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
1	can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain
2	can not
1	mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain
2	mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art ,
2	a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art ,
2	a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art
2	a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even
2	a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or
2	a cogent defense of the film as entertainment ,
2	a cogent defense of the film as entertainment
2	a cogent defense
2	cogent defense
2	of the film as entertainment
2	the film as entertainment
2	the film
3	as entertainment
2	performance art
2	although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain
3	the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain
2	the movie
3	does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain
3	leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain
2	you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain
3	marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain
3	marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity
2	at these guys ' superhuman capacity
3	these guys ' superhuman capacity
2	these guys '
2	guys '
2	superhuman capacity
2	to withstand pain
2	withstand pain
1	The type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the -LRB- teen comedy -RRB- genre a bad name .
1	The type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the -LRB- teen comedy -RRB-
2	The type
1	of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the -LRB- teen comedy -RRB-
2	dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the -LRB- teen comedy -RRB-
2	dumbed-down exercise
2	in stereotypes that gives the -LRB- teen comedy -RRB-
1	stereotypes that gives the -LRB- teen comedy -RRB-
2	that gives the -LRB- teen comedy -RRB-
2	gives the -LRB- teen comedy -RRB-
2	the -LRB- teen comedy -RRB-
2	-LRB- teen comedy -RRB-
2	teen comedy -RRB-
2	teen comedy
1	genre a bad name .
0	genre a bad name
1	a bad name
1	bad name
0	Distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .
1	Distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine
1	Distinctly sub-par ...
0	Distinctly sub-par
1	more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine
0	likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine
0	to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine
1	drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine
1	drown a viewer in boredom
2	drown a viewer
2	a viewer
1	in boredom
2	than to send any shivers down his spine
2	to send any shivers down his spine
2	send any shivers down his spine
2	send any shivers
2	any shivers
2	down his spine
2	his spine
0	Plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story .
0	like a bad blend of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story .
2	like a bad blend of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story
0	a bad blend of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story
1	a bad blend
1	bad blend
1	of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story
0	an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story
1	an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and
0	an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek
2	an overripe episode
1	overripe episode
2	of TV 's Dawson 's Creek
2	TV 's Dawson 's Creek
2	TV 's
2	Dawson 's Creek
2	Dawson 's
0	a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story
0	a recycled and dumbed-down version
1	recycled and dumbed-down version
2	and dumbed-down version
1	dumbed-down version
2	of Love Story
3	Love Story
1	Unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .
2	Unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm
2	you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm
2	come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm
2	come in to the film with a skateboard
2	in to the film with a skateboard
2	to the film with a skateboard
2	the film with a skateboard
2	the film
2	with a skateboard
2	a skateboard
2	under your arm
2	your arm
1	, you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .
1	you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .
1	're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .
0	're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party
1	going to feel like you were n't invited to the party
1	to feel like you were n't invited to the party
1	feel like you were n't invited to the party
1	like you were n't invited to the party
1	you were n't invited to the party
2	were n't invited to the party
2	were n't
3	invited to the party
2	to the party
2	the party
1	When the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
2	When the casting call for this movie went out
2	the casting call for this movie went out
2	the casting call for this movie
2	the casting call
1	casting call
2	for this movie
2	this movie
2	went out
1	, it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
1	it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
0	must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
0	must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame .
2	must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame
1	have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame
1	read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame
2	read `
1	seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame
2	seeking anyone
1	with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame
2	acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame
1	ambition but no sense of pride or shame
1	but no sense of pride or shame
1	no sense of pride or shame
2	no sense
2	of pride or shame
2	pride or shame
2	pride or
1	Just is n't as weird as it ought to be .
1	is n't as weird as it ought to be .
1	is n't as weird as it ought to be
2	is n't as weird
1	is n't
2	as weird
2	as it ought to be
2	it ought to be
2	ought to be
2	to be
1	A `` Home Alone '' film that is staged like `` Rosemary 's Baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .
2	A `` Home Alone '' film that is
2	A `` Home Alone '' film
2	`` Home Alone '' film
2	Home Alone '' film
2	Alone '' film
2	'' film
2	that is
1	staged like `` Rosemary 's Baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .
1	staged like `` Rosemary 's Baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films
2	staged like `` Rosemary 's Baby , '' but
2	staged like `` Rosemary 's Baby , ''
2	staged like `` Rosemary 's Baby ,
2	staged like `` Rosemary 's Baby
2	like `` Rosemary 's Baby
2	like ``
2	Rosemary 's Baby
2	Rosemary 's
1	is not as well-conceived as either of those films
1	is not
3	as well-conceived as either of those films
2	well-conceived as either of those films
2	as either of those films
2	either of those films
2	of those films
2	those films
1	-LRB- Siegel -RRB- and co-writers Lisa Bazadona and Grace Woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround Frankie .
2	-LRB- Siegel -RRB- and co-writers Lisa Bazadona and Grace Woodard
2	-LRB- Siegel -RRB- and
2	-LRB- Siegel -RRB-
2	Siegel -RRB-
3	co-writers Lisa Bazadona and Grace Woodard
2	Lisa Bazadona and Grace Woodard
2	Bazadona and Grace Woodard
2	and Grace Woodard
2	Grace Woodard
1	have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround Frankie .
2	have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround Frankie
2	relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround Frankie
1	relied too much on convention
1	relied too much
1	too much
2	on convention
2	in creating the characters who surround Frankie
1	creating the characters who surround Frankie
2	the characters who surround Frankie
2	the characters
2	who surround Frankie
2	surround Frankie
0	No film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .
2	No film
3	could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .
1	could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population
2	could possibly
2	be more contemptuous of the single female population
1	more contemptuous of the single female population
1	contemptuous of the single female population
2	of the single female population
2	the single female population
2	single female population
1	female population
2	` Hey Arnold ! '
2	Hey Arnold ! '
2	Hey Arnold !
2	Hey Arnold
2	has some visual wit ... but little imagination elsewhere .
2	has some visual wit ... but little imagination elsewhere
2	some visual wit ... but little imagination elsewhere
2	some visual wit ... but little imagination
2	some visual wit ...
3	some visual wit
2	visual wit
2	but little imagination
1	little imagination
2	They 're going through the motions , but the zip is gone .
2	They 're going through the motions , but the zip is gone
1	They 're going through the motions , but
1	They 're going through the motions ,
2	They 're going through the motions
1	're going through the motions
1	going through the motions
2	through the motions
2	the motions
1	the zip is gone
2	the zip
2	is gone
1	A sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .
0	A sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative
2	A sluggish pace and lack
1	sluggish pace and lack
2	pace and lack
2	pace and
2	of genuine narrative
4	genuine narrative
2	hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .
2	hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women
2	hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems
2	hem the movie
2	the movie
2	in every bit as much as life hems
2	every bit as much as life hems
2	every bit as much
2	bit as much
2	as much
2	as life hems
2	life hems
2	in the spirits of these young women
3	the spirits of these young women
2	the spirits
3	of these young women
2	these young women
2	young women
0	A low-budget affair , Tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction .
1	A low-budget affair , Tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction
2	A low-budget affair , Tadpole was shot on digital video , and
1	A low-budget affair , Tadpole was shot on digital video ,
2	A low-budget affair , Tadpole was shot on digital video
1	A low-budget affair , Tadpole
2	A low-budget affair ,
1	A low-budget affair
1	low-budget affair
2	was shot on digital video
2	shot on digital video
2	on digital video
2	digital video
1	the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction
2	the images
0	often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction
0	look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction
1	smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction
1	smeary and blurry ,
1	smeary and blurry
1	smeary and
1	to the point of distraction
2	the point of distraction
2	the point
2	of distraction
0	Then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
1	again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
1	, in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
2	in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
2	in a better movie
3	a better movie
3	better movie
2	, you might not have noticed .
2	you might not have noticed .
2	might not have noticed .
1	might not have noticed
2	might not
2	have noticed
2	It 's mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like Punch-Drunk Love .
1	's mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like Punch-Drunk Love .
1	's mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like Punch-Drunk Love
0	mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like Punch-Drunk Love
1	mindless junk
2	like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like Punch-Drunk Love
2	this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like Punch-Drunk Love
2	that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like Punch-Drunk Love
2	makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like Punch-Drunk Love
3	you appreciate original romantic comedies like Punch-Drunk Love
2	appreciate original romantic comedies like Punch-Drunk Love
4	appreciate original romantic comedies
2	original romantic comedies
2	romantic comedies
2	like Punch-Drunk Love
2	Punch-Drunk Love
1	The movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''
2	The movie
0	is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''
1	is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast .
0	is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast
1	is like a year late
2	like a year late
1	a year late
2	year late
2	for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast
2	tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast
0	tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier
2	into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier
2	our reality tv obsession , and even tardier
1	our reality tv obsession , and even
2	our reality tv obsession , and
1	our reality tv obsession ,
2	our reality tv obsession
1	reality tv obsession
2	tv obsession
1	for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast
2	exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast
2	the novelty of the `` webcast
2	the novelty
2	of the `` webcast
2	the `` webcast
2	`` webcast
1	tale will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting . ''
2	will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting . ''
1	will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting .
1	will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting
2	be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting
3	be all too familiar
1	all too familiar
2	too familiar
2	for anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting
2	anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting
3	who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting
2	's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting
2	seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting
2	seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film ,
2	seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film
2	George Roy Hill 's 1973 film
2	George Roy Hill 's
2	Roy Hill 's
2	Hill 's
2	1973 film
2	`` The Sting
2	The Sting
1	Gets the look and the period trappings right , but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés .
3	Gets the look and the period trappings right
3	the look and the period trappings right
2	the look and
2	the look
2	the period trappings right
2	period trappings right
2	trappings right
1	, but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés .
2	, but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés
2	, but
1	it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés
1	otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés
0	drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés
1	in a sea of visual and verbal clichés
1	a sea of visual and verbal clichés
2	a sea
1	of visual and verbal clichés
1	visual and verbal clichés
1	and verbal clichés
2	verbal clichés
3	It 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but Notorious C.H.O. still feels like a promising work-in-progress .
3	It 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but Notorious C.H.O. still feels like a promising work-in-progress
3	It 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but
3	It 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles ,
4	It 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles
3	's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles
3	hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles
3	to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles
3	quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles
3	with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles
3	a flick boasting this many genuine cackles
2	a flick
4	boasting this many genuine cackles
2	this many genuine cackles
4	many genuine cackles
2	genuine cackles
3	Notorious C.H.O. still feels like a promising work-in-progress
2	Notorious C.H.O.
2	still feels like a promising work-in-progress
2	feels like a promising work-in-progress
3	like a promising work-in-progress
3	a promising work-in-progress
3	promising work-in-progress
1	Anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .
3	Anyone who wants to start writing screenplays
2	who wants to start writing screenplays
2	wants to start writing screenplays
2	to start writing screenplays
2	start writing screenplays
2	writing screenplays
1	can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .
1	can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity
2	can just
1	follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity
1	follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and
2	follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder
1	follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films ,
1	follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films
2	follow the same blueprint
1	the same blueprint
2	same blueprint
2	from hundreds of other films
2	hundreds of other films
2	of other films
2	other films
2	sell it to the highest bidder
3	sell it
2	to the highest bidder
2	the highest bidder
2	highest bidder
1	walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity
1	walk away
2	without anyone truly knowing your identity
2	anyone truly knowing your identity
2	truly knowing your identity
2	knowing your identity
2	your identity
1	The problem with The Bread , My Sweet is that it 's far too sentimental .
1	The problem with The Bread , My Sweet
2	The problem
2	with The Bread , My Sweet
2	The Bread , My Sweet
3	The Bread ,
2	The Bread
2	My Sweet
1	is that it 's far too sentimental .
1	is that it 's far too sentimental
1	that it 's far too sentimental
2	it 's far too sentimental
1	's far too sentimental
1	far too sentimental
2	too sentimental
2	A late-night cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques .
2	A late-night cable sexploitation
1	late-night cable sexploitation
1	cable sexploitation
2	romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques .
1	romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques
2	masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques
3	as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques
2	a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques
3	a thriller
2	about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques
1	the ruthless social order that governs college cliques
2	the ruthless social order
2	ruthless social order
2	ruthless social
2	that governs college cliques
1	governs college cliques
2	college cliques
2	Falls short in explaining the music and its roots .
1	Falls short in explaining the music and its roots
2	short in explaining the music and its roots
2	in explaining the music and its roots
2	explaining the music and its roots
2	the music and its roots
2	the music and
2	the music
2	its roots
1	Never inspires more than an interested detachment .
2	inspires more than an interested detachment .
3	inspires more than an interested detachment
3	inspires more
2	than an interested detachment
3	an interested detachment
2	interested detachment
0	What might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of Woody Allen or Mel Brooks -LRB- at least during their '70s heyday -RRB- comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .
2	What might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of Woody Allen or Mel Brooks -LRB- at least during their '70s heyday -RRB-
4	What might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of Woody Allen or
2	What might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of Woody Allen
2	might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of Woody Allen
3	have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of Woody Allen
3	emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of Woody Allen
3	emerged as hilarious lunacy
3	as hilarious lunacy
3	as hilarious
2	in the hands of Woody Allen
2	the hands of Woody Allen
2	the hands
2	of Woody Allen
2	Woody Allen
2	Mel Brooks -LRB- at least during their '70s heyday -RRB-
2	Mel Brooks
2	-LRB- at least during their '70s heyday -RRB-
2	at least during their '70s heyday -RRB-
3	at least during their '70s heyday
2	at least during their '70s
2	at least
2	during their '70s
2	their '70s
1	comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .
0	comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature
0	comes across as lame and sophomoric
1	across as lame and sophomoric
1	as lame and sophomoric
0	lame and sophomoric
1	lame and
2	in this debut indie feature
2	this debut indie feature
2	debut indie feature
2	indie feature
1	Despite slick production values and director Roger Michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
2	Despite slick production values and director Roger Michell 's tick-tock pacing
3	slick production values and director Roger Michell 's tick-tock pacing
3	slick production values and
3	slick production values
2	production values
2	director Roger Michell 's tick-tock pacing
2	director Roger Michell 's
2	Roger Michell 's
2	Michell 's
1	tick-tock pacing
1	, the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
0	the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
2	the final effect
2	final effect
1	is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
1	is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours
1	like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours
0	having two guys yelling in your face for two hours
0	two guys yelling in your face for two hours
2	two guys
1	yelling in your face for two hours
1	in your face for two hours
1	your face for two hours
2	your face
2	for two hours
2	two hours
1	Pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .
1	much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .
1	sucks , but has a funny moment or two .
1	sucks , but has a funny moment or two
1	sucks , but
2	sucks ,
3	has a funny moment or two
3	a funny moment or two
3	a funny moment or
3	a funny moment
3	funny moment
2	They do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film .
2	They do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film
3	They do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but
3	They do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience
3	do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience
3	a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience
4	a good job
4	good job
2	of painting this family dynamic for the audience
2	painting this family dynamic for the audience
3	painting this family dynamic
2	this family dynamic
3	family dynamic
2	for the audience
2	the audience
1	they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film
1	tried to squeeze too many elements into the film
1	to squeeze too many elements into the film
1	squeeze too many elements into the film
2	squeeze too many elements
1	too many elements
1	too many
2	into the film
2	the film
1	A supernatural mystery that does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .
2	A supernatural mystery that does n't
2	A supernatural mystery
2	supernatural mystery
2	that does n't
1	does n't
1	know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .
1	know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama
2	whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama
2	it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama
1	wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama
3	to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama
2	be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama
2	a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama
2	a suspenseful horror movie or
3	a suspenseful horror movie
3	suspenseful horror movie
2	horror movie
1	a weepy melodrama
1	weepy melodrama
0	It ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
0	ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
1	ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors
2	ends up being neither , and
2	ends up being neither ,
1	ends up being neither
2	ends up
1	being neither
1	fails at both endeavors
2	at both endeavors
2	both endeavors
1	Two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .
1	badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .
2	interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .
1	interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity
1	stories drowned by all too clever complexity
2	drowned by all too clever complexity
2	by all too clever complexity
3	all too clever complexity
2	too clever complexity
3	too clever
2	It is so earnest , so overwrought and so wildly implausible that it begs to be parodied .
2	is so earnest , so overwrought and so wildly implausible that it begs to be parodied .
2	is so earnest , so overwrought and so wildly implausible that it begs to be parodied
2	is so earnest , so overwrought and so wildly implausible
1	so earnest , so overwrought and so wildly implausible
2	so earnest , so overwrought and
2	so earnest , so overwrought
2	so earnest ,
2	so earnest
1	so overwrought
2	so wildly implausible
1	wildly implausible
1	that it begs to be parodied
2	it begs to be parodied
1	begs to be parodied
2	to be parodied
2	be parodied
1	These are textbook lives of quiet desperation .
2	are textbook lives of quiet desperation .
2	are textbook lives of quiet desperation
2	textbook lives of quiet desperation
3	textbook lives
1	of quiet desperation
2	quiet desperation
2	Swimfan , like Fatal Attraction , eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .
2	Swimfan , like Fatal Attraction ,
3	Swimfan , like Fatal Attraction
2	Swimfan ,
2	like Fatal Attraction
2	Fatal Attraction
1	eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .
0	goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .
2	goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub
1	goes overboard
1	with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub
1	a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub
1	a loony melodramatic denouement
2	loony melodramatic denouement
1	melodramatic denouement
1	in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub
2	in which
2	a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub
2	a high school swimming
2	high school swimming
2	school swimming
2	pool substitutes for a bathtub
2	substitutes for a bathtub
2	for a bathtub
2	a bathtub
1	Claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem .
2	to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem .
1	to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem
1	sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem
2	sort the bad guys
1	the bad guys
2	bad guys
2	from the good , which is its essential problem
1	the good , which is its essential problem
3	the good ,
2	the good
2	which is its essential problem
1	is its essential problem
1	its essential problem
2	essential problem
0	Purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .
2	Purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore
1	shocking in its eroticized gore
2	in its eroticized gore
2	its eroticized gore
2	eroticized gore
2	, if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .
2	if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .
1	if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons
2	unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons
0	dull in its lack of poetic frissons
1	in its lack of poetic frissons
1	its lack of poetic frissons
2	its lack
2	of poetic frissons
2	poetic frissons
1	Feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .
1	like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .
2	like pieces
1	a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .
2	a bunch of other , better movies
2	a bunch
1	of other , better movies
1	other , better movies
2	, better movies
2	better movies
1	slapped together .
1	slapped together
2	Almost everything about the film is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by Lai 's villainous father to the endless action sequences .
2	Almost everything about the film
2	Almost everything
2	about the film
2	the film
2	is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by Lai 's villainous father to the endless action sequences .
0	is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by Lai 's villainous father to the endless action sequences
2	is unsettling ,
1	is unsettling
1	from the preposterous hairpiece worn by Lai 's villainous father to the endless action sequences
1	the preposterous hairpiece worn by Lai 's villainous father to the endless action sequences
1	the preposterous hairpiece
1	preposterous hairpiece
1	worn by Lai 's villainous father to the endless action sequences
2	worn by Lai 's villainous father
2	by Lai 's villainous father
2	Lai 's villainous father
2	Lai 's
1	villainous father
1	to the endless action sequences
0	the endless action sequences
2	endless action sequences
2	action sequences
1	Writer-director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic .
1	Writer-director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic
1	Writer-director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and
1	Writer-director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew ,
0	Writer-director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew
2	Writer-director Randall Wallace
3	Randall Wallace
1	has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew
1	bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew
1	off more than he or anyone else could chew
2	off more
2	than he or anyone else could chew
2	he or anyone else could chew
1	he or anyone else
2	he or
2	anyone else
2	could chew
0	his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic
2	his movie
0	veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic
1	veers like a drunken driver
1	like a drunken driver
2	a drunken driver
1	drunken driver
2	through heavy traffic
2	heavy traffic
1	It follows the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .
1	It follows the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes
1	It follows the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and
2	It follows the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works ,
2	It follows the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works
2	follows the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works
1	the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works
2	the Blair Witch formula
2	Blair Witch formula
2	Witch formula
1	for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works
2	an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works
2	an hour ,
2	an hour
2	in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works
2	in which
2	we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works
2	're told something creepy and vague is in the works
2	told something creepy and vague is in the works
2	something creepy and vague is in the works
1	something creepy and vague
1	creepy and vague
2	creepy and
2	is in the works
2	in the works
2	the works
2	then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes
1	it goes awry in the final 30 minutes
2	goes awry in the final 30 minutes
1	goes awry
2	in the final 30 minutes
2	the final 30 minutes
2	final 30 minutes
2	30 minutes
0	One ca n't shake the feeling that Crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album .
2	ca n't shake the feeling that Crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album .
0	ca n't shake the feeling that Crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album
2	ca n't
2	shake the feeling that Crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album
2	shake the feeling
2	the feeling
0	that Crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album
1	Crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album
1	is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album
1	nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album
2	nothing more
0	than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album
1	an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album
0	an hour-and-a-half-long commercial
1	hour-and-a-half-long commercial
2	for Britney 's latest album
2	Britney 's latest album
2	Britney 's
2	latest album
1	Phoned-in business as usual .
1	Phoned-in business
2	as usual .
2	as usual
2	There 's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself .
2	There 's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself
2	There 's an epic here , but
3	There 's an epic here ,
4	There 's an epic here
3	's an epic here
3	's an epic
3	an epic
2	you have to put it together yourself
2	have to put it together yourself
2	to put it together yourself
2	put it together yourself
2	it together yourself
2	it together
0	What little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .
2	What little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else
1	What little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and
2	What little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets ,
1	What little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets
2	What little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting
1	little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting
2	little atmosphere
2	is generated by the shadowy lighting
2	generated by the shadowy lighting
3	by the shadowy lighting
3	the shadowy lighting
2	shadowy lighting
2	, macabre sets
2	macabre sets
1	endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else
2	endless rain
0	is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else
1	offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else
2	by the sheer ugliness of everything else
1	the sheer ugliness of everything else
0	the sheer ugliness
1	sheer ugliness
2	of everything else
2	everything else
2	Director-chef Gabriele Muccino keeps it fast -- zippy , comin ' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale .
2	Director-chef Gabriele Muccino
2	Gabriele Muccino
2	keeps it fast -- zippy , comin ' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale .
2	keeps it fast -- zippy , comin ' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale
3	keeps it fast -- zippy ,
3	keeps it fast -- zippy
2	keeps it fast --
2	keeps it fast
2	keeps it
1	comin ' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale
2	comin ' at ya -- as if
2	comin ' at ya --
2	comin ' at ya
2	comin '
2	at ya
2	as if
1	fearing that his film is molto superficiale
2	that his film is molto superficiale
2	his film is molto superficiale
2	his film
1	is molto superficiale
1	molto superficiale
0	Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .
1	Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality
3	Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but
3	Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm ,
3	Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm
2	Tartakovsky 's team
2	Tartakovsky 's
3	has some freakish powers of visual charm
2	some freakish powers of visual charm
2	some freakish powers
2	freakish powers
3	of visual charm
3	visual charm
2	the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality
3	the five writers
2	five writers
1	slip into the modern rut of narrative banality
1	into the modern rut of narrative banality
1	the modern rut of narrative banality
1	the modern rut
2	modern rut
0	of narrative banality
1	narrative banality
0	The most horrific movie experience I 've had since `` Ca n't Stop The Music . ''
0	The most horrific movie experience
1	most horrific movie experience
1	most horrific
2	movie experience
2	I 've had since `` Ca n't Stop The Music . ''
2	I 've had since
2	've had since
2	had since
2	`` Ca n't Stop The Music . ''
2	Ca n't Stop The Music . ''
2	Ca n't Stop The Music .
2	Ca n't Stop The Music
2	Ca n't
2	Stop The Music
2	The Music
0	It may as well be called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie . ''
0	may as well be called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie . ''
1	may as well be called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie .
0	may as well be called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie
2	may as well
2	as well
1	be called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie
1	called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie
2	`` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie
1	Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie
2	Jar-Jar Binks :
2	Jar-Jar Binks
2	The Movie
0	It 's that painful .
1	's that painful .
1	's that painful
2	that painful
2	God is great , the movie 's not .
2	God is great
4	is great
2	, the movie 's not .
2	the movie 's not .
2	the movie
2	's not .
2	's not
1	Like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .
2	Like a three-ring circus
2	a three-ring circus
2	three-ring circus
1	, there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .
1	there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .
0	there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable
2	there are side stories aplenty --
2	there are side stories aplenty
3	are side stories aplenty
2	are side stories
2	side stories
1	none of them memorable
2	none of them
2	of them
2	When in doubt , the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip .
2	When in doubt
3	in doubt
0	, the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip .
2	the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip .
2	the film
2	ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip .
1	ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip
2	ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and
3	ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag
3	ratchets up the stirring soundtrack ,
2	ratchets up the stirring soundtrack
2	ratchets up
3	the stirring soundtrack
2	stirring soundtrack
1	throws in a fish-out-of-water gag
2	in a fish-out-of-water gag
1	a fish-out-of-water gag
1	fish-out-of-water gag
1	lets the cliched dialogue rip
1	the cliched dialogue rip
1	cliched dialogue rip
2	dialogue rip
2	Or else a doggie winks .
2	else a doggie winks .
2	a doggie winks .
2	a doggie winks
2	doggie winks
0	A ` Girls Gone Wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , The Burning Sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that .
1	A ` Girls Gone Wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , The Burning Sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that
1	A ` Girls Gone Wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , The Burning Sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document --
1	A ` Girls Gone Wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , The Burning Sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document
1	A ` Girls Gone Wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , The Burning Sensation
1	A ` Girls Gone Wild ' video
2	A ` Girls Gone Wild '
2	` Girls Gone Wild '
2	Girls Gone Wild '
2	Gone Wild '
2	Wild '
2	for the boho art-house crowd , The Burning Sensation
2	the boho art-house crowd , The Burning Sensation
2	the boho art-house crowd ,
3	the boho art-house crowd
2	boho art-house crowd
2	art-house crowd
3	The Burning Sensation
2	Burning Sensation
2	is n't a definitive counter-cultural document
1	is n't
3	a definitive counter-cultural document
2	definitive counter-cultural document
2	counter-cultural document
1	its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that
2	its makers
2	are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that
1	are n't
2	removed and inquisitive enough for that
2	removed and
2	inquisitive enough for that
3	inquisitive enough
2	for that
1	As original and insightful as last week 's episode of Behind the Music .
3	As original and insightful
4	original and insightful
2	original and
2	as last week 's episode of Behind the Music .
2	as last week
2	last week
2	's episode of Behind the Music .
3	's episode of Behind the Music
2	episode of Behind the Music
2	of Behind the Music
2	Behind the Music
2	the Music
1	Plays like John Le Carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders .
1	like John Le Carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders .
1	like John Le Carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders
1	John Le Carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders
2	John Le Carré
2	Le Carré
2	with a couple of burnt-out cylinders
1	a couple of burnt-out cylinders
2	a couple
2	of burnt-out cylinders
2	burnt-out cylinders
0	You may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
0	may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
0	may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
0	be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
0	galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
0	that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
0	you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
0	've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
0	wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
0	wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life
2	nearly two hours of your own precious life
2	nearly two hours
2	nearly two
2	of your own precious life
3	your own precious life
2	own precious life
2	precious life
0	with this silly little puddle of a movie
0	this silly little puddle of a movie
2	this silly little puddle
2	silly little puddle
2	little puddle
2	of a movie
2	a movie
3	It 's neither as sappy as Big Daddy nor as anarchic as Happy Gilmore or The Waterboy , but it has its moments .
2	It 's neither as sappy as Big Daddy nor as anarchic as Happy Gilmore or The Waterboy , but it has its moments
2	It 's neither as sappy as Big Daddy nor as anarchic as Happy Gilmore or The Waterboy , but
2	It 's neither as sappy as Big Daddy nor as anarchic as Happy Gilmore or The Waterboy ,
2	It 's neither as sappy as Big Daddy nor as anarchic as Happy Gilmore or The Waterboy
2	's neither as sappy as Big Daddy nor as anarchic as Happy Gilmore or The Waterboy
2	's neither as sappy as Big Daddy nor as anarchic
2	neither as sappy as Big Daddy nor as anarchic
2	neither as sappy as Big Daddy nor
2	neither as sappy as Big Daddy
1	as sappy as Big Daddy
1	sappy as Big Daddy
2	as Big Daddy
2	Big Daddy
2	as anarchic
2	as Happy Gilmore or The Waterboy
3	Happy Gilmore or The Waterboy
2	Happy Gilmore or
2	Happy Gilmore
2	The Waterboy
3	it has its moments
3	has its moments
2	its moments
3	Despite the surface attractions -- Conrad L. Hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
1	Despite the surface attractions
2	the surface attractions
2	surface attractions
3	-- Conrad L. Hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
4	-- Conrad L. Hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year --
4	Conrad L. Hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year --
4	Conrad L. Hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year
2	Conrad L. Hall 's cinematography
2	Conrad L. Hall 's
2	L. Hall 's
2	Hall 's
4	will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year
3	will likely
4	be nominated for an Oscar next year
3	nominated for an Oscar next year
4	nominated for an Oscar
2	for an Oscar
4	an Oscar
2	next year
2	there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
1	's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
2	's something impressive and yet lacking about everything
3	something impressive and yet lacking about everything
1	impressive and yet lacking about everything
4	impressive and
1	yet lacking about everything
0	lacking about everything
2	about everything
0	A smug and convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie .
2	A smug and convoluted action-comedy that
1	smug and convoluted action-comedy that
0	smug and convoluted
2	smug and
2	action-comedy that
1	does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie .
1	does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie
1	does n't
2	allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie
2	allow an earnest moment
3	an earnest moment
3	earnest moment
3	to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie
1	pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie
2	without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie
2	reminding audiences that it 's only a movie
2	reminding audiences
2	that it 's only a movie
2	it 's only a movie
2	's only a movie
2	's only
2	a movie
2	-LRB- Crystal and De Niro -RRB- manage to squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing .
2	-LRB- Crystal and De Niro -RRB-
3	Crystal and De Niro -RRB-
2	Crystal and De Niro
2	Crystal and
2	De Niro
2	manage to squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing .
2	manage to squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing
1	to squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing
2	squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing
2	squeeze out some good laughs but not enough
2	squeeze out
2	some good laughs but not enough
2	some good laughs but not
3	some good laughs
3	good laughs
2	but not
2	to make this silly con job sing
3	make this silly con job sing
2	this silly con job sing
1	this silly con job
1	silly con job
1	con job
0	Worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .
0	Worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames
0	Worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening
1	Worthless ,
2	from its pseudo-rock-video opening
2	its pseudo-rock-video opening
2	pseudo-rock-video opening
1	to the idiocy of its last frames
1	the idiocy of its last frames
1	the idiocy
2	of its last frames
2	its last frames
2	last frames
1	The Christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it
2	The Christ allegory
2	Christ allegory
0	does n't work because there is no foundation for it
1	does n't
1	work because there is no foundation for it
1	because there is no foundation for it
1	there is no foundation for it
1	is no foundation for it
1	no foundation for it
1	no foundation
2	for it
2	Go for La Salle 's performance , and make do as best you can with a stuttering script .
2	Go for La Salle 's performance , and make
3	Go for La Salle 's performance , and
3	Go for La Salle 's performance ,
2	Go for La Salle 's performance
2	for La Salle 's performance
3	La Salle 's performance
2	La Salle 's
2	Salle 's
1	do as best you can with a stuttering script .
1	do as best you can with a stuttering script
1	as best you can with a stuttering script
1	best you can with a stuttering script
1	you can with a stuttering script
1	can with a stuttering script
0	with a stuttering script
1	a stuttering script
2	stuttering script
1	It 's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .
1	's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .
1	's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
1	hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
2	to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
3	care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
2	about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
3	a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
2	a film
3	that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
2	proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
2	proposes as epic tragedy
1	as epic tragedy
2	epic tragedy
2	the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
1	the plight
3	of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
2	a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
2	a callow rich boy
1	callow rich boy
2	callow rich
2	who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
2	is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
2	forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
2	to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
2	choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
2	between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
3	his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
2	his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and
3	his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend
2	beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend
2	, self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend
2	self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend
2	22-year-old girlfriend
3	an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
3	equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
4	equally beautiful , self-satisfied
4	beautiful , self-satisfied
2	, self-satisfied
2	18-year-old mistress
1	Tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span .
0	Tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
1	too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
1	hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
2	to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
1	be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
1	funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
1	in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
1	a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
2	a way
0	that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
1	's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
2	too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
0	too loud , too goofy and too short
1	too loud , too goofy and
1	too loud , too goofy
1	too loud ,
1	too loud
2	too goofy
2	too short
2	of an attention span
2	an attention span
2	attention span
1	I did n't find much fascination in the swinging .
1	did n't find much fascination in the swinging .
1	did n't find much fascination in the swinging
2	did n't
3	find much fascination in the swinging
3	find much fascination
2	much fascination
2	in the swinging
2	the swinging
1	What they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .
2	What they 're doing
2	they 're doing
2	're doing
1	is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .
1	is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge
1	a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge
2	a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games ,
1	a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games
2	a matter
2	of plumbing arrangements and mind games
2	plumbing arrangements and mind games
2	arrangements and mind games
3	and mind games
2	mind games
1	of no erotic or sensuous charge
2	no erotic or sensuous charge
3	erotic or sensuous charge
2	erotic or sensuous
2	erotic or
3	But that they are doing it is thought-provoking .
3	that they are doing it is thought-provoking .
2	that they are doing
2	they are doing
2	are doing
3	it is thought-provoking .
3	is thought-provoking .
4	is thought-provoking
1	The acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff .
2	The acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff
3	The acting is just fine , but
3	The acting is just fine ,
3	The acting is just fine
2	The acting
3	is just fine
3	just fine
0	there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff
1	's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff
1	's not enough substance here
1	's not enough substance
2	's not
3	enough substance
1	to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff
1	sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff
3	sustain interest
1	for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff
2	for the full 90 minutes
2	the full 90 minutes
2	full 90 minutes
2	90 minutes
1	, especially with the weak payoff
1	especially with the weak payoff
1	with the weak payoff
1	the weak payoff
1	weak payoff
0	After Collateral Damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned .
2	After Collateral Damage
2	Collateral Damage
1	, you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned .
1	you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned .
0	might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned .
1	might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned
1	imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned
1	that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned
2	most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned
1	most every aggrieved father cliché
1	every aggrieved father cliché
1	aggrieved father cliché
1	father cliché
2	has been unturned
2	been unturned
1	But no. .
2	no. .
0	Ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok .
0	the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok .
1	the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance
1	the , yes , snail-like pacing and
0	the , yes , snail-like pacing
2	the , yes ,
2	, yes ,
2	yes ,
0	snail-like pacing
1	lack of thematic resonance
2	of thematic resonance
3	thematic resonance
1	make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok .
1	make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok
1	make the film more silly than scary ,
1	make the film more silly than scary
1	the film more silly than scary
2	the film
1	more silly than scary
2	silly than scary
2	than scary
1	like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok
1	some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok
2	some sort
1	of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok
1	Martha Stewart decorating program run amok
2	Martha Stewart
2	decorating program run amok
2	decorating program run
2	program run
1	Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in January lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and Snow Dogs deserves every single one of them .
0	Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in January lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and Snow Dogs deserves every single one of them
1	Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in January lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and
1	Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in January lends itself to easy jokes and insults ,
1	Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in January lends itself to easy jokes and insults
2	Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in January
2	Releasing a film
2	a film
2	with the word ` dog ' in its title in January
2	the word ` dog ' in its title in January
2	the word ` dog '
1	word ` dog '
2	` dog '
2	dog '
2	in its title in January
2	its title in January
2	its title
2	in January
1	lends itself to easy jokes and insults
2	lends itself
1	to easy jokes and insults
1	easy jokes and insults
2	jokes and insults
2	jokes and
3	Snow Dogs deserves every single one of them
2	Snow Dogs
2	deserves every single one of them
2	every single one of them
2	every single one
2	single one
2	of them
1	Tedious Norwegian offering which somehow snagged an Oscar nomination .
1	Tedious Norwegian offering which somehow snagged an Oscar nomination
1	Norwegian offering which somehow snagged an Oscar nomination
2	Norwegian offering
1	which somehow snagged an Oscar nomination
1	somehow snagged an Oscar nomination
3	snagged an Oscar nomination
3	an Oscar nomination
3	Oscar nomination
2	It was a dark and stormy night ...
2	was a dark and stormy night ...
1	was a dark and stormy night
2	a dark and stormy night
2	dark and stormy night
2	dark and stormy
2	dark and
1	A dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .
1	A dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably
1	A dark-as-pitch comedy
2	dark-as-pitch comedy
2	that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably
1	frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably
1	veers into corny sentimentality , probably
1	veers into corny sentimentality ,
2	veers into corny sentimentality
1	into corny sentimentality
1	corny sentimentality
1	would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .
1	would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment
2	would not
2	improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment
2	improve much
2	after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment
3	a therapeutic zap of shock treatment
2	a therapeutic zap
2	therapeutic zap
2	of shock treatment
2	shock treatment
2	This sort of cute and cloying material is far from Zhang 's forte and it shows .
1	This sort of cute and cloying material is far from Zhang 's forte and it shows
1	This sort of cute and cloying material is far from Zhang 's forte and
2	This sort of cute and cloying material is far from Zhang 's forte
2	This sort of cute and cloying material
2	This sort
3	of cute and cloying material
2	cute and cloying material
3	cute and cloying
3	cute and
1	is far from Zhang 's forte
2	is far from Zhang 's
2	far from Zhang 's
2	from Zhang 's
2	Zhang 's
2	it shows
0	Bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie .
0	Bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie
2	Bray is completely at sea ;
2	Bray is completely at sea
3	is completely at sea
3	is completely
2	at sea
0	with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie
1	with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume
2	nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume
2	but a Savage Garden music video on his resume
2	a Savage Garden music video on his resume
2	a Savage Garden music video
2	Savage Garden music video
3	Garden music video
2	music video
2	on his resume
2	his resume
0	, he has no clue about making a movie
0	he has no clue about making a movie
1	has no clue about making a movie
1	no clue about making a movie
1	no clue
2	about making a movie
2	making a movie
2	a movie
2	Freundlich 's made -LRB- Crudup -RRB- a suburban architect , and a cipher .
2	Freundlich 's
2	made -LRB- Crudup -RRB- a suburban architect , and a cipher .
2	made -LRB- Crudup -RRB- a suburban architect , and a cipher
2	-LRB- Crudup -RRB- a suburban architect , and a cipher
2	-LRB- Crudup -RRB- a suburban architect , and
3	-LRB- Crudup -RRB- a suburban architect ,
2	-LRB- Crudup -RRB- a suburban architect
2	-LRB- Crudup -RRB-
2	Crudup -RRB-
3	a suburban architect
2	suburban architect
2	a cipher
0	a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre
0	a huge disappointment coming , as it does ,
1	a huge disappointment coming , as it does
1	a huge disappointment coming ,
0	a huge disappointment coming
0	huge disappointment coming
0	disappointment coming
2	as it does
2	it does
2	from filmmakers and performers of this calibre
3	filmmakers and performers of this calibre
2	filmmakers and performers
2	filmmakers and
2	of this calibre
2	this calibre
1	Though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful .
1	Though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers
1	it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers
1	pretends to expose the life of male hustlers
2	to expose the life of male hustlers
2	expose the life of male hustlers
2	the life of male hustlers
2	the life
3	of male hustlers
2	male hustlers
1	, it 's exploitive without being insightful .
1	it 's exploitive without being insightful .
1	's exploitive without being insightful .
2	's exploitive without being insightful
2	exploitive without being insightful
1	without being insightful
3	being insightful
2	Aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups : very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters .
0	Aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups
3	Aimed squarely
1	at the least demanding of demographic groups
2	the least demanding of demographic groups
1	the least demanding
2	least demanding
2	of demographic groups
2	demographic groups
3	: very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters .
3	very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters .
3	very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters
2	very small children
2	small children
3	who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters
3	will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters
3	be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters
3	delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters
3	delighted simply
2	to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters
3	spend more time with familiar cartoon characters
2	spend more time
2	more time
2	with familiar cartoon characters
2	familiar cartoon characters
3	cartoon characters
1	What starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
1	starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
1	starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points
2	starts off
1	as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points
1	a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points
3	a satisfying kids flck
3	satisfying kids flck
2	kids flck
2	becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points
1	becomes increasingly implausible as it races
1	increasingly implausible as it races
1	increasingly implausible as it
2	implausible as it
2	as it
1	through contrived plot points
1	contrived plot points
2	plot points
1	Exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .
1	Exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama
0	Exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ...
1	Exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera
1	the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera
1	the shallow sensationalism characteristic
2	shallow sensationalism characteristic
2	sensationalism characteristic
2	of soap opera
1	soap opera
1	more salacious telenovela than serious drama
2	more salacious telenovela
2	more salacious
2	than serious drama
2	serious drama
1	Seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .
1	is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .
1	is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
1	painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
2	foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
2	in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
1	trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
1	to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
1	hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
1	onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
1	what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
1	's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
1	left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
1	of his passe ' chopsocky glory
2	his passe ' chopsocky glory
2	his passe '
1	passe '
2	chopsocky glory
2	Even with Harris 's strong effort , the script gives him little to effectively probe Lear 's soul-stripping breakdown .
2	Even with Harris 's strong effort
2	with Harris 's strong effort
3	Harris 's strong effort
2	Harris 's
3	strong effort
1	, the script gives him little to effectively probe Lear 's soul-stripping breakdown .
2	the script gives him little to effectively probe Lear 's soul-stripping breakdown .
2	the script
2	gives him little to effectively probe Lear 's soul-stripping breakdown .
2	gives him little to effectively probe Lear 's soul-stripping breakdown
2	gives him little
2	gives him
2	to effectively probe Lear 's soul-stripping breakdown
3	effectively probe Lear 's soul-stripping breakdown
3	probe Lear 's soul-stripping breakdown
2	Lear 's soul-stripping breakdown
2	Lear 's
1	soul-stripping breakdown
0	The story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .
1	The story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin
1	The story is bogus and
0	The story is bogus
2	The story
2	is bogus
1	its characters tissue-thin
2	its characters
2	Whereas the extremely competent hitman films such as Pulp Fiction and Get Shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing , Who Is Cletis Tout ?
3	Whereas the extremely competent hitman films such as Pulp Fiction and Get Shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing
2	the extremely competent hitman films such as Pulp Fiction and Get Shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing
3	the extremely competent hitman films such as Pulp Fiction and Get Shorty
3	the extremely competent hitman films
3	extremely competent hitman films
4	extremely competent
2	hitman films
2	such as Pulp Fiction and Get Shorty
2	as Pulp Fiction and Get Shorty
2	Pulp Fiction and Get Shorty
2	Pulp Fiction and
2	Pulp Fiction
2	Get Shorty
2	resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing
2	resonate a sardonic verve
2	a sardonic verve
1	sardonic verve
2	to their caustic purpose for existing
1	their caustic purpose for existing
2	their caustic purpose
2	caustic purpose
2	for existing
2	, Who Is Cletis Tout ?
2	Who Is Cletis Tout ?
2	Is Cletis Tout ?
2	Is Cletis Tout
2	Cletis Tout
1	is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .
1	is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche
1	an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche
0	an inexpressible and drab wannabe
1	inexpressible and drab wannabe
0	and drab wannabe
0	drab wannabe
2	looking for that exact niche
2	for that exact niche
2	that exact niche
2	exact niche
1	While American Adobo has its heart -LRB- and its palate -RRB- in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
3	While American Adobo has its heart -LRB- and its palate -RRB- in the right place
4	American Adobo has its heart -LRB- and its palate -RRB- in the right place
2	American Adobo
3	has its heart -LRB- and its palate -RRB- in the right place
3	has its heart -LRB- and its palate -RRB-
3	has its heart
3	its heart
1	-LRB- and its palate -RRB-
2	and its palate -RRB-
2	and its palate
2	its palate
3	in the right place
3	the right place
3	right place
1	, its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
1	its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
2	its brain
1	is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
2	is a little scattered -- ditsy , even
1	is a little scattered -- ditsy ,
1	is a little scattered -- ditsy
1	a little scattered -- ditsy
2	a little scattered --
1	a little scattered
2	a little
1	Imagine a film that begins as a Seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .
1	Imagine a film that begins as a Seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s
1	a film that begins as a Seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s
2	a film
3	that begins as a Seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s
1	begins as a Seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s
2	begins as a Seven rip-off , only
1	begins as a Seven rip-off ,
0	begins as a Seven rip-off
1	as a Seven rip-off
1	a Seven rip-off
1	Seven rip-off
2	to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s
1	switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s
2	switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick
1	to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick
1	a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick
2	a mix
2	of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick
2	The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick
2	The Shining , The Thing , and
3	The Shining , The Thing ,
2	The Shining , The Thing
2	The Shining ,
2	The Shining
2	The Thing
1	any naked teenagers horror flick
1	naked teenagers horror flick
2	teenagers horror flick
2	horror flick
2	from the 1980s
1	the 1980s
0	Most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .
2	Most of the dialogue
2	of the dialogue
2	the dialogue
0	made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .
0	made me want to pack raw dough in my ears
0	me want to pack raw dough in my ears
1	want to pack raw dough in my ears
1	to pack raw dough in my ears
0	pack raw dough in my ears
2	pack raw dough
2	raw dough
2	in my ears
2	my ears
1	Costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink Laurence Olivier .
1	Costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink Laurence Olivier
1	Costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and
1	Costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops ,
1	Costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops
2	Costner 's warm-milk persona
3	Costner 's
2	warm-milk persona
0	is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops
2	is just
1	as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops
2	ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops
2	as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops
1	Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops
2	Shadyac 's
2	perfunctory directing chops
2	directing chops
1	some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink Laurence Olivier
1	some of the more overtly silly dialogue
1	of the more overtly silly dialogue
1	the more overtly silly dialogue
1	more overtly silly dialogue
1	overtly silly dialogue
1	overtly silly
1	would sink Laurence Olivier
2	sink Laurence Olivier
2	Laurence Olivier
1	It 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate .
2	It 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate
3	It 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but
4	It 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted ,
4	It 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted
4	's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted
3	's coherent , well shot , and tartly
3	's coherent , well shot , and
3	's coherent , well shot ,
3	's coherent , well shot
2	's coherent ,
3	's coherent
3	well shot
1	it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate
1	wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate
2	wears you down
2	wears you
1	like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate
2	a dinner guest showing off his doctorate
2	a dinner guest
3	dinner guest
3	showing off his doctorate
1	showing off
2	his doctorate
3	Directed by Kevin Bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut .
2	Directed by Kevin Bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut
1	by Kevin Bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut
2	Kevin Bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut
2	Kevin Bray ,
2	Kevin Bray
2	whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut
1	whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude
1	crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude
3	crisp framing , edgy camera work , and
4	crisp framing , edgy camera work ,
3	crisp framing , edgy camera work
3	crisp framing ,
3	crisp framing
3	edgy camera work
2	camera work
2	wholesale ineptitude
3	with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut
2	with acting , tone and pace
2	acting , tone and pace
2	, tone and pace
2	tone and pace
2	tone and
3	very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut
2	very obviously
2	mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut
2	mark him
2	as a video helmer making his feature debut
2	a video helmer making his feature debut
3	a video helmer
2	video helmer
2	making his feature debut
2	his feature debut
2	feature debut
0	turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
1	turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film
2	turns a potentially interesting idea
2	a potentially interesting idea
3	potentially interesting idea
3	potentially interesting
0	into an excruciating film
0	an excruciating film
1	excruciating film
1	school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
2	school experience
1	that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
0	plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
2	plays better
1	only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
1	for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
2	for the film 's publicists or
2	for the film 's publicists
2	the film 's publicists
2	the film 's
2	film 's
1	for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
2	people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
1	who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
1	take as many drugs as the film 's characters
2	as many drugs as the film 's characters
2	many drugs as the film 's characters
2	many drugs
2	as the film 's characters
2	the film 's characters
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	Robin Williams departs from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role .
2	Robin Williams
2	departs from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role .
2	departs from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role
3	from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role
2	his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role
4	his fun friendly demeanor
3	fun friendly demeanor
3	friendly demeanor
2	in exchange for a darker unnerving role
2	exchange for a darker unnerving role
2	for a darker unnerving role
2	a darker unnerving role
2	darker unnerving role
2	darker unnerving
0	High Crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd .
1	High Crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor
2	High Crimes
1	is a cinematic misdemeanor
2	a cinematic misdemeanor
2	cinematic misdemeanor
1	, a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd .
1	a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd .
1	a routine crime
1	routine crime
1	thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd .
1	thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd
2	thriller remarkable only
3	thriller remarkable
1	for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd
0	its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd
2	its lack
0	of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd
1	logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd
1	logic and misuse
2	logic and
3	of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd
4	two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd
3	two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and
3	two fine actors , Morgan Freeman
3	two fine actors ,
3	two fine actors
4	fine actors
2	Morgan Freeman
2	Ashley Judd
1	Set in a 1986 Harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in New York .
1	Set in a 1986 Harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in New York
2	in a 1986 Harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in New York
1	a 1986 Harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in New York
2	a 1986 Harlem
2	1986 Harlem
2	that does n't look much like anywhere in New York
2	does n't look much like anywhere in New York
1	does n't
2	look much like anywhere in New York
2	look much like anywhere
2	much like anywhere
2	like anywhere
2	in New York
2	New York
1	The chocolate factory without Charlie .
2	The chocolate factory without Charlie
2	The chocolate factory
2	chocolate factory
2	without Charlie
1	Long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .
1	Long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame
1	Long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short
2	on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short
2	twinkly-eyed close-ups and short
2	twinkly-eyed close-ups and
2	twinkly-eyed close-ups
1	on shame
1	Hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .
1	rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .
3	comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .
3	comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture
2	alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture
2	as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture
2	its own fire-breathing entity in this picture
2	its own fire-breathing entity
2	own fire-breathing entity
2	fire-breathing entity
2	in this picture
2	this picture
0	A dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .
1	A dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet
0	A dull , somnambulant exercise
1	dull , somnambulant exercise
2	, somnambulant exercise
0	somnambulant exercise
2	in pretension whose pervasive quiet
2	pretension whose pervasive quiet
3	whose pervasive quiet
2	whose pervasive
1	is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .
1	is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise
2	broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise
2	by frequent outbursts of violence and noise
2	frequent outbursts of violence and noise
2	frequent outbursts
2	of violence and noise
2	violence and noise
2	violence and
1	Deserving of its critical backlash and more .
0	Deserving of its critical backlash and more
1	of its critical backlash and more
2	its critical backlash and more
2	its critical backlash and
1	its critical backlash
1	critical backlash
2	Neither a rousing success nor a blinding embarrassment .
2	Neither a rousing success nor a blinding
2	a rousing success nor a blinding
2	a rousing success nor
4	a rousing success
4	rousing success
2	a blinding
0	embarrassment .
1	Still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
1	, it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
0	it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
1	just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
0	sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
1	sits there like a side dish no one ordered
2	sits there
0	like a side dish no one ordered
1	a side dish no one ordered
2	a side dish
2	side dish
2	no one ordered
2	no one
1	The Sum of All Fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -LRB- or cinema seats -RRB- .
2	The Sum of All Fears
2	The Sum
2	of All Fears
2	All Fears
1	is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -LRB- or cinema seats -RRB- .
0	is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -LRB- or cinema seats -RRB-
1	remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -LRB- or cinema seats -RRB-
1	fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -LRB- or cinema seats -RRB-
3	about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -LRB- or cinema seats -RRB-
2	motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -LRB- or cinema seats -RRB-
2	motives and context ,
2	motives and context
2	motives and
2	which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -LRB- or cinema seats -RRB-
1	drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -LRB- or cinema seats -RRB-
3	drains it
2	of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -LRB- or cinema seats -RRB-
2	the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots -LRB- or cinema seats -RRB-
2	the dramatic substance
3	dramatic substance
2	that would shake us in our boots -LRB- or cinema seats -RRB-
2	would shake us in our boots -LRB- or cinema seats -RRB-
2	shake us in our boots -LRB- or cinema seats -RRB-
2	shake us in our boots
2	shake us
2	in our boots
2	our boots
2	-LRB- or cinema seats -RRB-
2	or cinema seats -RRB-
2	or cinema seats
2	cinema seats
1	The movie spends more time with Schneider than with newcomer McAdams , even though her performance is more interesting -LRB- and funnier -RRB- than his .
2	The movie
2	spends more time with Schneider than with newcomer McAdams , even though her performance is more interesting -LRB- and funnier -RRB- than his .
2	spends more time with Schneider than with newcomer McAdams , even though her performance is more interesting -LRB- and funnier -RRB- than his
2	spends more time with Schneider than with newcomer McAdams ,
2	spends more time with Schneider than with newcomer McAdams
2	spends more time with Schneider
2	spends more time
2	more time
2	with Schneider
2	than with newcomer McAdams
2	with newcomer McAdams
2	newcomer McAdams
3	even though her performance is more interesting -LRB- and funnier -RRB- than his
3	though her performance is more interesting -LRB- and funnier -RRB- than his
2	her performance is more interesting -LRB- and funnier -RRB- than his
2	her performance
3	is more interesting -LRB- and funnier -RRB- than his
3	is more interesting -LRB- and funnier -RRB-
3	is more interesting
3	more interesting
2	-LRB- and funnier -RRB-
3	-LRB- and funnier
2	-LRB- and
2	than his
1	This low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the Farrelly brothers ' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .
1	This low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the Farrelly brothers ' oeuvre
0	This low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off
0	low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off
1	low-rent -- and even lower-wit --
1	low-rent -- and even lower-wit
2	low-rent -- and
1	low-rent --
1	even lower-wit
2	of the Farrelly brothers ' oeuvre
2	the Farrelly brothers ' oeuvre
2	the Farrelly brothers '
2	Farrelly brothers '
2	brothers '
1	gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .
2	gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time
1	way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time
1	too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time
1	too mushy
2	-- and in a relatively short amount of time
2	-- and
2	in a relatively short amount of time
2	a relatively short amount of time
2	a relatively short amount
2	relatively short amount
2	relatively short
2	of time
0	It recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera .
0	recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera .
0	recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera
1	every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera
0	every cliché
1	about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera
2	gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera
1	in what is essentially an extended soap opera
1	what is essentially an extended soap opera
1	is essentially an extended soap opera
2	is essentially
2	an extended soap opera
2	extended soap opera
1	soap opera
2	I 'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it does n't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks .
0	I 'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it does n't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
2	I 'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but
1	I 'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business ,
3	I 'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business
1	'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business
2	'm all for the mentally
2	all for the mentally
2	for the mentally
2	the mentally
2	challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business
3	getting their fair shot in the movie business
3	getting their fair shot
2	their fair shot
2	fair shot
2	in the movie business
2	the movie business
2	movie business
0	surely it does n't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
1	it does n't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
1	does n't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
1	does n't
1	have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
1	to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
1	be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
0	as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
2	a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
2	a collection
2	of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
0	keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
2	and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
0	self-mutilating sideshow geeks
2	sideshow geeks
1	May offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .
0	offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .
1	offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor
1	viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor
0	not amused by the sick sense of humor
2	amused by the sick sense of humor
1	by the sick sense of humor
2	the sick sense of humor
1	the sick sense
1	sick sense
2	of humor
2	Many of Benjamins ' elements feel like they 've been patched in from an episode of Miami Vice .
2	Many of Benjamins ' elements
2	of Benjamins ' elements
2	Benjamins ' elements
2	Benjamins '
1	feel like they 've been patched in from an episode of Miami Vice .
2	feel like they 've been patched in from an episode of Miami Vice
1	like they 've been patched in from an episode of Miami Vice
2	they 've been patched in from an episode of Miami Vice
3	've been patched in from an episode of Miami Vice
2	been patched in from an episode of Miami Vice
1	patched in from an episode of Miami Vice
2	in from an episode of Miami Vice
2	from an episode of Miami Vice
1	an episode of Miami Vice
2	an episode
2	of Miami Vice
2	Miami Vice
0	It aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .
0	aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .
1	aimlessly and unsuccessfully
1	aimlessly and
1	attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .
1	attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one
1	to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one
2	fuse at least three dull plots into one good one
1	fuse at least three dull plots
1	at least three dull plots
2	at least three
2	at least
1	dull plots
3	into one good one
3	one good one
4	good one
2	Most folks with a real stake in the American sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant .
2	Most folks with a real stake in the American sexual landscape
2	Most folks
2	with a real stake in the American sexual landscape
2	a real stake in the American sexual landscape
2	a real stake
2	real stake
2	in the American sexual landscape
3	the American sexual landscape
2	American sexual landscape
2	sexual landscape
2	will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant .
1	will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant
1	find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant
1	it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant
1	either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant
3	either moderately amusing or
3	either moderately amusing
3	moderately amusing
0	just plain irrelevant
1	plain irrelevant
1	If you 're not fans of the adventues of Steve and Terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake .
2	If you 're not fans of the adventues of Steve and Terri
1	you 're not fans of the adventues of Steve and Terri
2	're not fans of the adventues of Steve and Terri
2	're not
2	fans of the adventues of Steve and Terri
2	of the adventues of Steve and Terri
2	the adventues of Steve and Terri
2	the adventues
2	of Steve and Terri
2	Steve and Terri
2	Steve and
0	, you should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake .
0	you should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake .
0	should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake .
0	should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake
0	avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake
1	this like the dreaded King Brown snake
2	like the dreaded King Brown snake
2	the dreaded King Brown snake
2	dreaded King Brown snake
2	King Brown snake
2	Brown snake
0	Personally , I 'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet .
0	, I 'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet .
1	I 'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet .
1	'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet .
1	'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet
2	'd rather
2	watch them on the Animal Planet
2	watch them
2	on the Animal Planet
2	the Animal Planet
2	Animal Planet
1	Cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
1	is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
1	is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny
0	a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny
0	a dud --
0	a dud
1	a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny
3	a romantic comedy
2	romantic comedy
0	that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny
2	's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny
2	's not
2	the least bit romantic and only mildly funny
2	the least bit
2	least bit
2	romantic and only mildly funny
3	romantic and
3	only mildly funny
2	mildly funny
2	Feels as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum .
2	as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum .
2	as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum
2	if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum
2	the inmates have actually taken over the asylum
2	the inmates
2	have actually taken over the asylum
2	have actually
2	taken over the asylum
2	over the asylum
2	the asylum
0	All of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue Brown Sugar from the curse of blandness .
2	All of the filmmakers ' calculations
2	of the filmmakers ' calculations
2	the filmmakers ' calculations
2	the filmmakers '
2	filmmakers '
1	ca n't rescue Brown Sugar from the curse of blandness .
1	ca n't rescue Brown Sugar from the curse of blandness
2	ca n't
0	rescue Brown Sugar from the curse of blandness
2	Brown Sugar from the curse of blandness
2	Brown Sugar
2	from the curse of blandness
1	the curse of blandness
2	the curse
2	of blandness
2	The movie 's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself does n't stand a ghost of a chance .
1	The movie 's gloomy atmosphere
2	The movie 's
2	movie 's
1	gloomy atmosphere
1	is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself does n't stand a ghost of a chance .
3	is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself does n't stand a ghost of a chance
3	is fascinating , though ,
3	is fascinating , though
3	is fascinating ,
4	is fascinating
1	even if the movie itself does n't stand a ghost of a chance
1	if the movie itself does n't stand a ghost of a chance
0	the movie itself does n't stand a ghost of a chance
2	the movie
1	itself does n't stand a ghost of a chance
1	does n't stand a ghost of a chance
1	does n't
1	stand a ghost of a chance
1	a ghost of a chance
2	a ghost
2	of a chance
2	a chance
0	... post-September 11 , `` The Sum Of All Fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
0	post-September 11 , `` The Sum Of All Fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
2	post-September 11 , `` The Sum Of All Fears ''
2	post-September 11 ,
2	post-September 11
2	`` The Sum Of All Fears ''
2	The Sum Of All Fears ''
2	Sum Of All Fears ''
2	Sum Of All Fears
2	Of All Fears
2	All Fears
1	seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
1	seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves
1	seems more tacky and reprehensible ,
1	seems more tacky and reprehensible
1	more tacky and reprehensible
1	tacky and reprehensible
1	tacky and
0	manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves
3	manipulating our collective fear
2	our collective fear
2	collective fear
1	without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves
2	bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves
2	bestowing the subject
2	the subject
4	with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves
3	the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves
2	the intelligence or sincerity
2	intelligence or sincerity
2	intelligence or
2	it unequivocally deserves
2	unequivocally deserves
0	The exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .
1	The exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee
2	The exclamation point
2	exclamation point
2	seems to be the only bit of glee
2	to be the only bit of glee
2	be the only bit of glee
2	the only bit of glee
2	the only bit
2	only bit
2	of glee
1	you 'll find in this dreary mess .
1	'll find in this dreary mess .
1	'll find in this dreary mess
1	find in this dreary mess
0	in this dreary mess
1	this dreary mess
1	dreary mess
2	No matter how you slice it , Mark Wahlberg and Thandie Newton are not Hepburn and Grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore .
2	No matter how you slice it
2	matter how you slice it
2	how you slice it
3	you slice it
2	slice it
1	, Mark Wahlberg and Thandie Newton are not Hepburn and Grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore .
1	Mark Wahlberg and Thandie Newton are not Hepburn and Grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore .
2	Mark Wahlberg and Thandie Newton
2	Wahlberg and Thandie Newton
2	and Thandie Newton
2	Thandie Newton
2	are not Hepburn and Grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore .
2	are not Hepburn and Grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore
2	are not
3	Hepburn and Grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore
2	Hepburn and Grant ,
2	Hepburn and Grant
2	Hepburn and
3	two cinematic icons with chemistry galore
3	two cinematic icons
2	cinematic icons
3	with chemistry galore
3	chemistry galore
0	Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... In Praise of Love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .
0	Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... In Praise of Love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating
0	Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ...
0	Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess
3	Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment
2	Godard 's
3	ode to tackling life 's wonderment
2	to tackling life 's wonderment
2	tackling life 's wonderment
3	life 's wonderment
2	life 's
0	is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess
0	a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess
0	a rambling and incoherent manifesto
0	rambling and incoherent manifesto
1	rambling and incoherent
2	rambling and
2	about the vagueness of topical excess
1	the vagueness of topical excess
1	the vagueness
2	of topical excess
2	topical excess
0	In Praise of Love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating
3	In Praise of Love
2	Praise of Love
2	of Love
0	remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating
0	a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating
1	a ponderous and pretentious endeavor
1	ponderous and pretentious endeavor
1	and pretentious endeavor
1	pretentious endeavor
1	that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating
0	's unfocused and tediously exasperating
1	unfocused and tediously exasperating
1	unfocused and
0	tediously exasperating
0	Humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .
0	Humorless , self-conscious art drivel ,
0	Humorless , self-conscious art drivel
0	Humorless ,
0	self-conscious art drivel
2	art drivel
2	made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .
1	made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention
0	without a glimmer of intelligence or invention
3	a glimmer of intelligence or invention
3	a glimmer
3	of intelligence or invention
3	intelligence or invention
2	intelligence or
0	The movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '
0	The movie 's progression into rambling incoherence
3	The movie 's progression
2	The movie 's
2	movie 's
1	into rambling incoherence
1	rambling incoherence
0	gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '
2	gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error .
1	gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error
2	gives new meaning
2	new meaning
1	to the phrase ` fatal script error
1	the phrase ` fatal script error
1	phrase ` fatal script error
0	` fatal script error
0	fatal script error
1	script error
1	Solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me .
1	Solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me
1	Solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but
2	Solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say ,
2	Solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say
1	may be convinced that he has something significant to say
2	be convinced that he has something significant to say
2	be convinced
2	that he has something significant to say
3	he has something significant to say
3	has something significant to say
2	something significant to say
2	significant to say
2	to say
1	he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me
1	is n't talking a talk that appeals to me
1	is n't
3	talking a talk that appeals to me
3	a talk that appeals to me
2	a talk
3	that appeals to me
3	appeals to me
2	to me
1	More tiring than anything .
0	More tiring than anything
1	tiring than anything
2	than anything
1	Nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself .
1	Nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself
3	Nelson 's intentions are good , but
2	Nelson 's intentions are good ,
3	Nelson 's intentions are good
2	Nelson 's intentions
2	Nelson 's
3	are good
1	the end result does no justice to the story itself
2	the end result
2	end result
1	does no justice to the story itself
1	does no justice
1	no justice
2	to the story itself
2	the story itself
2	the story
0	It 's horribly depressing and not very well done .
1	's horribly depressing and not very well done .
1	's horribly depressing and not very well done
1	horribly depressing and not very well done
0	horribly depressing and not
0	horribly depressing and
0	horribly depressing
4	very well done
3	very well
1	... the efforts of its star , Kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .
1	the efforts of its star , Kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .
1	the efforts of its star , Kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story
2	the efforts of its star , Kline ,
2	the efforts
2	of its star , Kline ,
2	its star , Kline ,
2	its star , Kline
2	its star ,
3	its star
1	to lend some dignity to a dumb story
1	lend some dignity to a dumb story
2	lend some dignity
2	some dignity
1	to a dumb story
2	a dumb story
1	dumb story
2	are for naught .
2	are for naught
2	for naught
1	A good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground .
3	A good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper
3	A good-natured ensemble comedy
3	good-natured ensemble comedy
2	ensemble comedy
2	that tries hard to make the most of a bumper
2	tries hard to make the most of a bumper
1	hard to make the most of a bumper
2	to make the most of a bumper
2	make the most of a bumper
2	the most of a bumper
2	the most
2	of a bumper
1	a bumper
2	cast , but never quite gets off the ground .
1	cast , but never quite gets off the ground
2	cast , but never quite
2	cast , but
2	cast ,
1	never quite
2	gets off the ground
2	gets off
2	the ground
1	Is n't it a bit early in his career for director Barry Sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ?
2	Is n't it a bit early in his career for director Barry Sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself
2	Is n't it a bit early in his career for director Barry Sonnenfeld
2	Is n't it
2	Is n't
2	a bit early in his career for director Barry Sonnenfeld
2	a bit early
2	a bit
2	in his career for director Barry Sonnenfeld
2	his career for director Barry Sonnenfeld
2	his career
2	for director Barry Sonnenfeld
2	director Barry Sonnenfeld
2	Barry Sonnenfeld
2	to do a homage to himself
2	do a homage to himself
3	do a homage
3	a homage
2	to himself
0	And it 's a lousy one at that .
0	it 's a lousy one at that .
1	's a lousy one at that .
1	's a lousy one at that
1	a lousy one at that
0	a lousy one
1	lousy one
2	at that
1	Overly long and worshipful bio-doc .
2	Overly long and worshipful bio-doc
2	Overly long and
0	Overly long
2	worshipful bio-doc
3	I 'll go out on a limb .
2	'll go out on a limb .
2	'll go out on a limb
2	go out on a limb
2	go out
2	on a limb
2	a limb
0	It is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .
1	is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .
1	is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year
1	is n't
0	quite one of the worst movies of the year
2	quite one
0	of the worst movies of the year
1	the worst movies of the year
1	the worst movies
0	worst movies
2	of the year
2	the year
0	It 's just merely very bad .
0	's just merely very bad .
0	's just merely very bad
2	's just
0	merely very bad
2	very bad
1	Writer-director Ritchie reduces Wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon .
2	Writer-director Ritchie
2	reduces Wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon .
1	reduces Wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon
1	Wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon
2	Wertmuller 's social mores and
2	Wertmuller 's social mores
2	Wertmuller 's
2	social mores
2	politics to tiresome jargon
1	to tiresome jargon
1	tiresome jargon
2	About Amy 's cuteness , Amy 's career success -LRB- she 's a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself -RRB- , and Amy 's neuroses when it comes to men .
2	About Amy
2	's cuteness , Amy 's career success -LRB- she 's a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself -RRB- , and Amy 's neuroses when it comes to men .
2	's cuteness , Amy 's career success -LRB- she 's a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself -RRB- , and Amy 's neuroses when it comes to men
2	cuteness , Amy 's career success -LRB- she 's a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself -RRB- , and Amy 's neuroses when it comes to men
3	cuteness , Amy 's career success -LRB- she 's a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself -RRB- , and
2	cuteness , Amy 's career success -LRB- she 's a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself -RRB- ,
3	cuteness , Amy 's career success -LRB- she 's a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself -RRB-
3	cuteness , Amy 's career success
2	cuteness ,
3	Amy 's career success
2	Amy 's
3	career success
1	-LRB- she 's a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself -RRB-
2	she 's a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself -RRB-
1	she 's a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself
2	's a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself
1	a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself
2	a best-selling writer of self-help books
3	a best-selling writer
2	best-selling writer
2	of self-help books
2	self-help books
2	who ca n't help herself
3	ca n't help herself
2	ca n't
2	help herself
2	Amy 's neuroses when it comes to men
1	Amy 's neuroses
2	Amy 's
2	when it comes to men
2	it comes to men
2	comes to men
2	to men
1	Everything about Girls Ca n't Swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .
2	Everything about Girls Ca n't Swim , even its passages of sensitive observation ,
2	Everything about Girls Ca n't Swim , even its passages of sensitive observation
2	Everything about Girls Ca n't Swim , even
2	Everything about Girls Ca n't Swim ,
2	Everything about Girls Ca n't Swim
2	Everything about Girls
2	about Girls
2	Ca n't Swim
2	Ca n't
3	its passages of sensitive observation
2	its passages
3	of sensitive observation
2	sensitive observation
1	feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .
0	feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way
1	secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way
1	secondhand ,
1	familiar -- and not in a good way
1	-- and not in a good way
1	and not in a good way
1	not in a good way
3	in a good way
3	a good way
2	good way
1	Feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake .
2	aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake .
2	aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake
2	aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives ,
1	aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives
1	aimless for much of its running time ,
0	aimless for much of its running time
2	for much of its running time
2	much of its running time
2	of its running time
2	its running time
2	running time
2	until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives
2	late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives
2	in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives
2	the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives
2	the film
2	when a tidal wave of plot arrives
2	a tidal wave of plot arrives
3	a tidal wave of plot
2	a tidal wave
2	tidal wave
2	of plot
1	leaving questions in its wake
2	leaving questions
2	in its wake
2	its wake
0	In my own very humble opinion , In Praise of Love lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works .
2	In my own very humble opinion
2	my own very humble opinion
2	own very humble opinion
2	very humble opinion
3	very humble
0	, In Praise of Love lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works .
1	In Praise of Love lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works .
3	In Praise of Love
2	Praise of Love
2	of Love
1	lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works .
1	lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works
2	even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works
2	even the most fragmented charms
3	the most fragmented charms
2	most fragmented charms
2	most fragmented
2	I have found in almost all of his previous works
2	have found in almost all of his previous works
3	found in almost all of his previous works
2	in almost all of his previous works
2	almost all of his previous works
2	almost all
2	of his previous works
2	his previous works
2	previous works
1	The script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .
1	The script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue
2	The script is too mainstream and
2	The script is too mainstream
2	The script
1	is too mainstream
1	too mainstream
1	the psychology too textbook to intrigue
2	the psychology
1	too textbook to intrigue
2	textbook to intrigue
2	to intrigue
0	Muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .
1	Muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious
1	Muddled ,
1	simplistic and more than a little pretentious
2	simplistic and
1	more than a little pretentious
2	more than a little
2	than a little
2	than a
2	Meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull .
1	Meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull
2	Meandering and
0	glacially paced , and often just plain dull
0	paced , and often just plain dull
2	paced , and often
2	, and often
3	, and
1	just plain dull
2	plain dull
1	A disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .
0	A disaster of a drama
1	A disaster
2	of a drama
2	a drama
2	, saved only by its winged assailants .
2	saved only by its winged assailants .
2	saved only by its winged assailants
2	saved only
2	by its winged assailants
2	its winged assailants
2	winged assailants
2	A road trip that will get you thinking , ` Are we there yet ? '
1	A road trip that will get you thinking , ` Are we there yet ?
2	A road trip that will get you thinking , ` Are we there yet
2	A road trip
2	road trip
2	that will get you thinking , ` Are we there yet
1	will get you thinking , ` Are we there yet
2	get you thinking , ` Are we there yet
2	get you thinking , ` Are we there
2	you thinking , ` Are we there
2	thinking , ` Are we there
2	thinking , `
2	thinking ,
2	Are we there
2	Are we
1	Director Elie Chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?
2	Director Elie Chouraqui , who co-wrote the script ,
2	Director Elie Chouraqui , who co-wrote the script
2	Director Elie Chouraqui ,
2	Director Elie Chouraqui
2	Elie Chouraqui
2	who co-wrote the script
2	co-wrote the script
2	the script
1	catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?
1	catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
3	catches the chaotic horror
1	the chaotic horror
2	chaotic horror
2	of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
1	of war
1	, but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
2	, but
1	why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
0	bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
1	if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
1	you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
1	're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
1	going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
2	to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
2	subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
3	subjugate truth
2	to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
2	the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
3	the tear-jerking demands
2	tear-jerking demands
2	of soap opera
1	soap opera
1	Dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation .
1	Dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation
1	Dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and
1	Dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting ,
1	Dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting
1	never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting
1	pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting
2	pushes for insights
3	for insights
2	beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting
1	the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting
1	the superficial tensions
2	superficial tensions
2	of the dynamic he 's dissecting
2	the dynamic he 's dissecting
2	the dynamic
2	he 's dissecting
2	's dissecting
1	the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation
2	the film
1	settles too easily along the contours of expectation
1	settles too easily
3	too easily
2	along the contours of expectation
2	the contours of expectation
2	the contours
2	of expectation
0	If there was any doubt that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , A Rumor of Angels should dispel it .
2	If there was any doubt that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body
1	there was any doubt that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body
1	was any doubt that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body
1	any doubt that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body
1	doubt that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body
1	that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body
1	Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body
2	Peter O'Fallon
0	did n't have an original bone in his body
2	did n't
1	have an original bone in his body
2	an original bone in his body
3	an original bone
2	original bone
2	in his body
3	his body
2	, A Rumor of Angels should dispel it .
1	A Rumor of Angels should dispel it .
2	A Rumor of Angels
2	A Rumor
2	of Angels
2	should dispel it .
1	should dispel it
2	dispel it
1	An occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .
1	An occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive
2	occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive
2	occasionally interesting but
1	occasionally interesting
1	mostly repetitive
1	look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .
0	look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten
1	at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten
1	a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten
3	a slice of counterculture
2	a slice
2	of counterculture
1	that might be best forgotten
1	might be best forgotten
1	be best forgotten
1	best forgotten
1	What could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
2	could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
1	could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination
1	have been right at home as a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination
2	been right at home as a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination
1	right at home as a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination
3	right at home
2	at home
1	as a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination
1	a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination
3	a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic
3	a nifty plot line
3	nifty plot line
2	plot line
2	in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic
2	Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic
2	Steven Soderbergh 's
2	Soderbergh 's
1	fails to arrive at any satisfying destination
2	to arrive at any satisfying destination
2	arrive at any satisfying destination
2	at any satisfying destination
2	any satisfying destination
3	satisfying destination
1	The movie is like Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot .
2	The movie
1	is like Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot .
0	is like Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot
1	like Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot
1	Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot
2	Scorsese 's Mean Streets
2	Scorsese 's
2	Mean Streets
1	redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot
1	by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot
2	someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot
1	who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot
1	ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot
0	ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles
1	ignored it
2	in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles
2	favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles
2	of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles
1	old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles
2	old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks
1	` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks
1	juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks
1	juvenile delinquent
2	' paperbacks
2	with titles
2	like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot
2	Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot
2	Leather Warriors and
2	Leather Warriors
2	Switchblade Sexpot
0	This pathetic junk is barely an hour long .
0	This pathetic junk
0	pathetic junk
1	is barely an hour long .
2	is barely an hour long
3	is barely
2	an hour long
2	an hour
1	Nevertheless , it still seems endless .
1	, it still seems endless .
2	it still seems endless .
2	still seems endless .
1	seems endless .
3	seems endless
0	It is n't that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !
0	is n't that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !
1	is n't that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure
1	is n't
0	that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure
0	Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure
2	Stealing Harvard
0	is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure
0	is a horrible movie --
0	is a horrible movie
0	a horrible movie
0	horrible movie
1	if only it were that grand a failure
2	if only
0	it were that grand a failure
1	were that grand a failure
0	that grand a failure
0	grand a failure
0	a failure
1	It 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .
0	's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .
0	's just that it 's so not-at-all-good
0	just that it 's so not-at-all-good
0	that it 's so not-at-all-good
0	it 's so not-at-all-good
0	's so not-at-all-good
0	so not-at-all-good
2	And I expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch .
1	I expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch .
2	expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch .
1	expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch
1	expect much more
2	much more
3	from a talent as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch
3	a talent as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch
3	a talent
4	as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch
4	outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch
4	outstanding as director
2	as director
2	Bruce McCulloch
2	Dolman confines himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy .
0	confines himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy .
2	confines himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy
1	confines himself to shtick and sentimentality --
1	confines himself to shtick and sentimentality
2	confines himself
3	to shtick and sentimentality
1	shtick and sentimentality
2	shtick and
1	the one bald and the other sloppy
2	the one bald and
3	the one bald
2	one bald
1	the other sloppy
1	other sloppy
1	Is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?
1	Is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it
2	Is it possible for a documentary
2	Is it
2	possible for a documentary
2	for a documentary
2	a documentary
2	to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it
1	be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it
3	be utterly entranced by its subject and
2	be utterly entranced by its subject
2	utterly entranced by its subject
2	entranced by its subject
2	by its subject
2	its subject
1	still show virtually no understanding of it
2	show virtually no understanding of it
1	virtually no understanding of it
1	virtually no understanding
2	no understanding
2	of it
1	It 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman .
1	It 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman
2	It 's supposed to be a romantic comedy -
1	It 's supposed to be a romantic comedy
1	's supposed to be a romantic comedy
1	supposed to be a romantic comedy
2	to be a romantic comedy
2	be a romantic comedy
3	a romantic comedy
2	romantic comedy
1	it suffers from too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman
1	suffers from too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman
1	from too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman
1	too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman
2	too much Norma Rae and
1	too much Norma Rae
1	too much
2	Norma Rae
2	not enough Pretty Woman
2	enough Pretty Woman
2	Pretty Woman
0	The leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .
2	The leads
0	are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .
0	are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
0	are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes ,
1	are so unmemorable
1	so unmemorable
1	, despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes ,
2	despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes ,
1	despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes
1	several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes
2	several attempts
1	at lengthy dialogue scenes
2	lengthy dialogue scenes
2	dialogue scenes
1	that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
0	one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
1	eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
1	resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
0	having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
1	to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
0	inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
2	this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
1	this gutter romancer 's
1	gutter romancer 's
2	romancer 's
0	secondhand material
0	Staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .
1	Staggers between flaccid satire and what
3	between flaccid satire and what
1	flaccid satire and what
2	flaccid satire and
1	flaccid satire
1	is supposed to be madcap farce .
3	is supposed to be madcap farce
2	supposed to be madcap farce
2	to be madcap farce
1	be madcap farce
2	madcap farce
1	Not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired .
1	Not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired
2	Not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but
2	Not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days ,
2	Not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days
1	Not that any of us
2	Not that any
2	that any
2	of us
1	should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days
1	be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days
3	complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days
2	when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days
2	a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days
2	a film
2	clocks in around 90 minutes these days
2	clocks in around 90 minutes
2	in around 90 minutes
2	around 90 minutes
2	around 90
2	these days
1	the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired
2	the plotting
1	here leaves a lot to be desired
1	leaves a lot to be desired
2	a lot to be desired
1	lot to be desired
2	to be desired
2	be desired
2	Brainy , artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation .
1	, artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation .
1	artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation .
0	artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation
2	artistic and muted , almost
2	artistic and muted ,
2	artistic and muted
2	artistic and
1	to the point of suffocation
1	the point of suffocation
2	the point
2	of suffocation
1	Plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .
1	like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .
1	like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas
1	the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas
1	old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas
1	disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas
2	small-screen melodramas
0	Like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
1	Like life on the island
2	life on the island
2	on the island
2	the island
1	, the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
1	the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
2	the movie
1	grows boring despite the scenery .
1	grows boring despite the scenery
1	boring despite the scenery
2	despite the scenery
2	the scenery
1	The truth about Charlie is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .
2	The truth about Charlie
2	The truth
2	about Charlie
0	is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .
1	is that it 's a brazenly misguided project
0	that it 's a brazenly misguided project
1	it 's a brazenly misguided project
1	's a brazenly misguided project
1	a brazenly misguided project
0	brazenly misguided project
1	misguided project
2	displays the potential for a better movie than what Bailly manages to deliver
1	the potential for a better movie than what Bailly manages to deliver
2	the potential
2	for a better movie than what Bailly manages to deliver
1	a better movie than what Bailly manages to deliver
3	a better movie
3	better movie
2	than what Bailly manages to deliver
2	what Bailly manages to deliver
3	Bailly manages to deliver
3	manages to deliver
2	to deliver
1	So exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .
1	So exaggerated and broad
1	exaggerated and broad
1	exaggerated and
2	that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .
1	that it comes off as annoying rather than charming
0	it comes off as annoying rather than charming
0	comes off as annoying rather than charming
1	off as annoying rather than charming
2	off as
1	annoying rather than charming
2	rather than charming
2	than charming
1	An awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work .
1	An awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work
1	An awkward hybrid
1	awkward hybrid
1	of genres that just does n't work
0	genres that just does n't work
1	that just does n't work
1	just does n't work
1	does n't work
1	does n't
1	The latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen .
2	The latest
2	vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen .
1	vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen
1	vapid actor 's exercise
2	actor 's exercise
2	actor 's
2	to appropriate the structure of Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen
2	appropriate the structure of Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen
2	appropriate the structure
2	the structure
2	of Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen
3	Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen
2	Arthur Schnitzler 's
2	Schnitzler 's
1	Snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .
0	is both a snore and utter tripe .
0	is both a snore and utter tripe
2	both a snore and utter tripe
0	a snore and utter tripe
1	a snore and
1	a snore
0	utter tripe
1	Ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than Wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous .
1	Ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than Wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous
2	Ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than Wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but
2	Ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than Wertmuller 's polemical allegory ,
2	Ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than Wertmuller 's polemical allegory
2	Ritchie 's film
2	Ritchie 's
2	is easier to swallow than Wertmuller 's polemical allegory
2	is easier
2	to swallow than Wertmuller 's polemical allegory
2	swallow than Wertmuller 's polemical allegory
2	than Wertmuller 's polemical allegory
2	Wertmuller 's polemical allegory
2	Wertmuller 's
2	polemical allegory
1	it 's self-defeatingly decorous
1	's self-defeatingly decorous
1	self-defeatingly decorous
0	Chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .
2	Chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly
2	Chalk it
0	up as the worst kind of hubristic folly
1	as the worst kind of hubristic folly
0	the worst kind of hubristic folly
2	the worst kind
0	worst kind
2	of hubristic folly
1	hubristic folly
0	It 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name .
0	's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name .
0	's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name
1	the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name
2	the kind
1	of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name
0	under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name
0	under-inspired , overblown enterprise
1	, overblown enterprise
1	overblown enterprise
0	that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name
0	gives Hollywood sequels a bad name
3	gives Hollywood sequels
2	Hollywood sequels
1	a bad name
1	bad name
1	Rosenthal -LRB- Halloween II -RRB- seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .
1	Rosenthal -LRB- Halloween II -RRB-
2	-LRB- Halloween II -RRB-
2	Halloween II -RRB-
2	Halloween II
0	seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .
1	seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense
0	to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense
1	have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense
1	forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense
2	everything he ever knew about generating suspense
2	he ever knew about generating suspense
3	ever knew about generating suspense
3	knew about generating suspense
2	about generating suspense
3	generating suspense
1	Even Murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort .
2	Even Murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma
3	Even Murphy 's expert comic timing and
2	Even Murphy 's expert comic timing
3	Murphy 's expert comic timing
2	Murphy 's
4	expert comic timing
2	comic timing
3	famed charisma
1	ca n't rescue this effort .
1	ca n't rescue this effort
2	ca n't
2	rescue this effort
2	this effort
2	Rodriguez ... was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .
1	... was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .
1	was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .
1	was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight
0	unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight
3	to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight
3	reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight
3	the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight
2	the special spark
3	special spark
3	between the characters that made the first film such a delight
3	the characters that made the first film such a delight
2	the characters
3	that made the first film such a delight
3	made the first film such a delight
2	made the first film
2	the first film
2	first film
4	such a delight
4	a delight
1	A sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .
3	A sleek advert for youthful anomie
3	A sleek advert
2	sleek advert
2	for youthful anomie
2	youthful anomie
1	that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .
2	that never quite
1	never quite
1	equals the sum of its pretensions .
1	equals the sum of its pretensions
1	the sum of its pretensions
3	the sum
1	of its pretensions
1	its pretensions
1	Some Body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .
2	Some Body
1	smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .
1	smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling
1	smacks of exhibitionism
2	of exhibitionism
1	more than it does cathartic truth telling
2	than it does cathartic truth telling
3	it does cathartic truth telling
3	does cathartic truth telling
2	cathartic truth telling
2	cathartic truth
2	This is n't a terrible film by any means , but it 's also far from being a realized work .
2	This is n't a terrible film by any means , but it 's also far from being a realized work
3	This is n't a terrible film by any means , but
3	This is n't a terrible film by any means ,
2	This is n't a terrible film by any means
3	is n't a terrible film by any means
2	is n't a terrible film
1	is n't
0	a terrible film
0	terrible film
2	by any means
2	any means
1	it 's also far from being a realized work
1	's also far from being a realized work
2	's also
1	far from being a realized work
2	from being a realized work
3	being a realized work
3	a realized work
2	realized work
0	Apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present Hollywood program .
1	, romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present Hollywood program .
3	romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present Hollywood program .
3	romantic comedy with a fresh point of view
2	romantic comedy
4	with a fresh point of view
3	a fresh point of view
3	a fresh point
3	fresh point
2	of view
1	just does n't figure in the present Hollywood program .
2	does n't figure in the present Hollywood program .
1	does n't figure in the present Hollywood program
1	does n't
2	figure in the present Hollywood program
2	in the present Hollywood program
2	the present Hollywood program
2	present Hollywood program
3	Hollywood program
0	Depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .
1	Depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived
1	Depressingly thin and
1	Depressingly thin
1	exhaustingly contrived
1	Only masochistic moviegoers need apply .
1	Only masochistic moviegoers
1	masochistic moviegoers
2	need apply .
2	need apply
1	A movie that 's held captive by mediocrity .
3	A movie that 's held
2	A movie
2	that 's held
2	's held
1	captive by mediocrity .
1	captive by mediocrity
1	by mediocrity
2	Not bad , but not all that good .
2	Not bad
1	, but not all that good .
1	, but not all that good
2	, but
1	not all that good
2	all that good
2	all that
2	Bacon keeps things interesting , but do n't go out of your way to pay full price .
1	keeps things interesting , but do n't go out of your way to pay full price .
2	keeps things interesting , but do n't go out of your way to pay full price
2	keeps things interesting , but
3	keeps things interesting ,
3	keeps things interesting
3	things interesting
1	do n't go out of your way to pay full price
2	do n't
2	go out of your way to pay full price
2	go out
2	of your way to pay full price
2	your way to pay full price
2	way to pay full price
2	to pay full price
2	pay full price
3	full price
3	What 's next ?
2	's next ?
2	's next
2	Rob Schneider , Dana Carvey and Sarah Michelle Gellar in The Philadelphia Story ?
2	Rob Schneider , Dana Carvey and Sarah Michelle Gellar in The Philadelphia Story
2	Rob Schneider ,
2	Rob Schneider
2	Dana Carvey and Sarah Michelle Gellar in The Philadelphia Story
2	Dana Carvey and
2	Dana Carvey
2	Sarah Michelle Gellar in The Philadelphia Story
2	Sarah Michelle Gellar
2	Michelle Gellar
2	in The Philadelphia Story
2	The Philadelphia Story
2	Philadelphia Story
1	David Spade as Citizen Kane ?
2	David Spade as Citizen Kane
2	David Spade
2	as Citizen Kane
2	Citizen Kane
2	Ca n't seem to get anywhere near the story 's center .
1	Ca n't seem to get anywhere near the story 's center
2	Ca n't
1	seem to get anywhere near the story 's center
3	to get anywhere near the story 's center
2	get anywhere near the story 's center
2	get anywhere
2	near the story 's center
2	the story 's center
2	the story 's
2	story 's
1	The problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .
2	The problem , amazingly enough ,
2	The problem , amazingly enough
2	The problem ,
2	The problem
2	amazingly enough
2	is the screenplay .
2	is the screenplay
2	the screenplay
1	It 's a Frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .
1	's a Frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .
1	's a Frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be
2	a Frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be
2	a Frankenstein-monster
0	of a film that does n't know what it wants to be
2	a film that does n't know what it wants to be
2	a film
2	that does n't know what it wants to be
1	does n't know what it wants to be
1	does n't
3	know what it wants to be
2	what it wants to be
3	it wants to be
2	wants to be
2	to be
1	Upper West Sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
3	Upper West Sidey
2	West Sidey
0	exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
1	exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute
1	in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute
1	narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute
1	narcissism and self-congratulation
1	narcissism and
2	disguised as a tribute
3	as a tribute
3	a tribute
0	On its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
2	On its icy face
2	its icy face
2	icy face
0	, the new film is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
0	the new film is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
2	the new film
2	new film
1	is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
0	is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture
0	is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination ,
0	is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination
1	is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. ,
2	a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. ,
1	a subzero version
1	subzero version
2	of Monsters , Inc. ,
2	Monsters , Inc. ,
2	, Inc. ,
2	Inc. ,
2	without the latter 's imagination
2	the latter 's imagination
2	the latter 's
2	latter 's
3	visual charm or texture
3	charm or texture
3	charm or
1	I ca n't say this enough : This movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .
2	I ca n't say this enough : This movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies
2	I ca n't say this enough :
2	I ca n't say this enough
2	ca n't say this enough
2	ca n't
2	say this enough
2	this enough
1	This movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies
2	This movie
2	is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies
1	about an adult male dressed in pink jammies
2	an adult male dressed in pink jammies
2	an adult male
2	adult male
2	dressed in pink jammies
2	in pink jammies
2	pink jammies
1	It 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex .
2	's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex .
1	's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex
1	a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex
1	a mindless action flick
1	mindless action flick
2	action flick
2	with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex
2	a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex
3	a twist -- far better
2	a twist --
3	a twist
3	far better
2	suited to video-viewing than the multiplex
2	suited to video-viewing
2	to video-viewing
2	than the multiplex
2	the multiplex
1	After a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
1	After a while
2	a while
0	, the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
1	the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
0	the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears
2	the only way
2	only way
1	for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears
2	a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears
2	reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears
3	reasonably intelligent
2	person to get through The Country Bears
2	to get through The Country Bears
2	get through The Country Bears
2	through The Country Bears
2	The Country Bears
2	Country Bears
1	is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
1	is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky
1	to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky
2	ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky
2	how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky
1	a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky
2	a whole segment of pop-music history
2	a whole segment
2	whole segment
2	of pop-music history
2	pop-music history
1	has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky
1	been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky
2	allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky
2	to get wet , fuzzy and sticky
2	get wet , fuzzy and sticky
2	wet , fuzzy and sticky
2	, fuzzy and sticky
2	fuzzy and sticky
2	fuzzy and
2	We get light showers of emotion a couple of times , but then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle .
0	We get light showers of emotion a couple of times , but then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle
2	We get light showers of emotion a couple of times , but
2	We get light showers of emotion a couple of times ,
2	We get light showers of emotion a couple of times
2	get light showers of emotion a couple of times
2	get light showers of emotion
3	light showers of emotion
2	light showers
2	of emotion
2	a couple of times
2	a couple
2	of times
1	then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle
2	-- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle
2	-- strangely --
2	strangely --
0	these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle
0	wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle
0	to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle
1	an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle
0	inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle
0	inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying
1	inconsistent and
0	ultimately unsatisfying
2	Summer 's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this .
1	's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this .
2	's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this
2	's far too fleeting
1	far too fleeting
1	too fleeting
2	to squander on offal like this
0	squander on offal like this
1	on offal like this
2	offal like this
2	like this
1	The film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .
2	The film
1	is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .
0	is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one
1	is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message ,
1	is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message
1	is grossly contradictory
1	grossly contradictory
3	in conveying its social message
2	conveying its social message
2	its social message
2	social message
2	if indeed there is one
2	indeed there is one
2	there is one
2	is one
1	Often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time Is It There ?
2	lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time Is It There ?
2	just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time Is It There ?
1	as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time Is It There ?
2	as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time Is It There
2	long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time Is It There
1	long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time
1	on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time
1	the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time
2	irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time
1	irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What
2	as on the engaging , which gradually turns What
2	on the engaging , which gradually turns What
2	the engaging , which gradually turns What
3	the engaging ,
2	the engaging
2	which gradually turns What
2	gradually turns What
2	turns What
2	Is It There
2	It There
1	into How Long Is This Movie ?
2	into How Long
2	How Long
2	Is This Movie ?
2	Is This Movie
2	This Movie
1	Too bad Kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .
3	Too bad Kramer
2	Too bad
2	could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .
1	could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up
1	could n't
2	make a guest appearance to liven things up
2	make a guest appearance
2	a guest appearance
3	guest appearance
3	to liven things up
2	liven things up
2	liven things
1	Deuces Wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
2	Deuces Wild
1	is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
1	is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
1	an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
2	an encyclopedia
1	of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
2	cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
1	that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
0	shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
1	shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale
1	shoplifts shamelessly
2	from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale
2	farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale
1	farewell-to-innocence movies
3	like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale
2	The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale
1	Wanderers and A Bronx Tale
2	and A Bronx Tale
2	A Bronx Tale
2	Bronx Tale
2	without cribbing any of their intelligence
2	cribbing any of their intelligence
2	any of their intelligence
2	of their intelligence
3	their intelligence
0	It 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .
1	's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .
0	's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground
1	a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground
2	a barely tolerable slog
0	barely tolerable slog
0	barely tolerable
2	over well-trod ground
2	well-trod ground
0	Epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made Tucker a star .
0	has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made Tucker a star .
0	has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made Tucker a star
2	has neither
2	the charisma nor the natural affability that has made Tucker a star
2	the charisma nor
3	the charisma
3	the natural affability that has made Tucker a star
2	the natural affability
3	natural affability
3	that has made Tucker a star
3	has made Tucker a star
3	made Tucker a star
2	Tucker a star
2	a star
2	It 's sweet ... but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end .
2	It 's sweet ... but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end
2	It 's sweet ... but
3	It 's sweet ...
3	It 's sweet
2	's sweet
1	just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end
2	just a little bit
2	a little bit
2	little bit
1	too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end
1	precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end
2	precious at the start and
3	precious at the start
2	at the start
2	the start
1	a little too familiar at the end
1	a little too familiar
2	a little
2	too familiar
2	at the end
2	the end
0	A dull , dumb and derivative horror film .
0	A dull , dumb and derivative horror film
1	A dull , dumb and derivative horror
0	dull , dumb and derivative horror
1	, dumb and derivative horror
0	dumb and derivative horror
2	and derivative horror
2	derivative horror
1	An awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .
0	An awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism
1	An awkwardly contrived exercise
1	awkwardly contrived exercise
2	contrived exercise
2	in magic realism
2	magic realism
1	Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh .
1	Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
3	Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake , but
4	Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake ,
3	Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake
4	gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake
4	gets a lot of flavor and spice
3	a lot of flavor and spice
2	a lot
2	of flavor and spice
3	flavor and spice
2	flavor and
2	into his Charade remake
2	his Charade remake
2	Charade remake
1	he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
1	ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
2	ca n't
1	disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
0	that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
1	he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
1	's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
1	spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
2	spiffing up
1	leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
1	that are n't so substantial or fresh
1	are n't so substantial or fresh
1	are n't
3	so substantial or fresh
3	substantial or fresh
2	substantial or
1	This is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .
1	This is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one
3	This is a heartfelt story ...
4	This is a heartfelt story
3	is a heartfelt story
3	a heartfelt story
4	heartfelt story
1	it just is n't a very involving one
1	just is n't a very involving one
1	is n't a very involving one
1	is n't a very
1	is n't
2	a very
2	involving one
1	These self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation .
1	These self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation
1	These self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and
1	These self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently
2	These self-styled athletes
2	self-styled athletes
1	have banged their brains into the ground so frequently
1	banged their brains into the ground so frequently
1	banged their brains into the ground
1	banged their brains
2	their brains
2	into the ground
2	the ground
2	so frequently
1	furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation
2	, their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation
2	their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation
2	their capacity to explain themselves
2	capacity to explain themselves
2	to explain themselves
2	explain themselves
2	has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation
2	gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation
2	gone the same way
2	the same way
2	same way
3	as their natural instinct for self-preservation
3	their natural instinct for self-preservation
2	their natural instinct
2	natural instinct
2	for self-preservation
1	The fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of Demme 's good films does n't bode well for the rest of it .
1	The fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of Demme 's good films
2	The fact
2	that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of Demme 's good films
2	the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of Demme 's good films
2	the ` best part ' of the movie
3	` best part ' of the movie
3	best part ' of the movie
3	best part '
3	best part
2	of the movie
2	the movie
2	comes from a 60-second homage to one of Demme 's good films
2	comes from a 60-second homage
2	from a 60-second homage
3	a 60-second homage
2	60-second homage
3	to one of Demme 's good films
4	one of Demme 's good films
3	of Demme 's good films
2	Demme 's good films
2	Demme 's
3	good films
2	does n't bode well for the rest of it .
1	does n't bode well for the rest of it
1	does n't
2	bode well for the rest of it
2	bode well
2	for the rest of it
2	the rest of it
2	the rest
2	of it
1	Richard Pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but Lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold .
2	Richard Pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but Lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold
3	Richard Pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but
3	Richard Pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material ,
2	Richard Pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material
2	Richard Pryor
3	mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material
1	mined his personal horrors and
2	mined his personal horrors
2	his personal horrors
2	personal horrors
3	came up with a treasure chest of material
2	came up
3	with a treasure chest of material
3	a treasure chest of material
3	a treasure chest
3	treasure chest
2	of material
1	Lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold
1	gives us mostly fool 's gold
2	gives us
0	mostly fool 's gold
1	mostly fool 's
2	fool 's
2	The band performances featured in Drumline are red hot ... -LRB- but -RRB- from a mere story point of view , the film 's ice cold .
1	The band performances featured in Drumline are red hot ... -LRB- but -RRB- from a mere story point of view , the film 's ice cold
4	The band performances featured in Drumline are red hot ...
3	The band performances featured in Drumline are red hot
2	The band performances featured in Drumline
2	The band performances
2	band performances
3	featured in Drumline
2	in Drumline
3	are red hot
3	red hot
1	-LRB- but -RRB- from a mere story point of view , the film 's ice cold
2	-LRB- but -RRB- from a mere story point of view
2	-LRB- but -RRB-
2	but -RRB-
2	from a mere story point of view
2	a mere story point of view
2	a mere story point
2	mere story point
2	story point
2	of view
1	, the film 's ice cold
2	the film 's ice cold
2	the film
2	's ice cold
2	ice cold
1	... built on the premise that middle-class Arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids .
1	built on the premise that middle-class Arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids .
1	built on the premise that middle-class Arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids
2	built on the premise
3	on the premise
2	the premise
2	that middle-class Arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids
2	middle-class Arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids
2	middle-class Arkansas
2	consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids
1	of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids
1	monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids
2	monster truck-loving good ol' boys and
2	monster truck-loving good ol' boys
2	truck-loving good ol' boys
2	good ol' boys
2	ol' boys
1	peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids
2	peroxide blond honeys
3	blond honeys
2	whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids
1	worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids
3	worldly knowledge
1	comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids
1	from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids
2	TV reruns and supermarket tabloids
2	reruns and supermarket tabloids
2	and supermarket tabloids
1	supermarket tabloids
0	A laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film .
0	A laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film
1	A laughable -- or rather , unlaughable --
1	A laughable -- or rather , unlaughable
2	A laughable -- or rather ,
1	A laughable -- or rather
1	A laughable --
2	A laughable
2	or rather
1	excuse for a film
2	for a film
2	a film
2	The sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready .
2	The sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready
3	The sequel is everything the original was not :
2	The sequel is everything the original was not
3	The sequel
3	is everything the original was not
2	everything the original was not
2	the original was not
3	the original
2	was not
0	contrived , overblown and tie-in ready
0	contrived , overblown and tie-in
1	, overblown and tie-in
1	overblown and tie-in
1	overblown and
1	Like a grinning Jack O ' Lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
2	Like a grinning Jack O ' Lantern
2	a grinning Jack O ' Lantern
2	a grinning Jack O '
2	grinning Jack O '
3	Jack O '
2	O '
0	, its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
0	its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
3	its apparent glee
2	apparent glee
1	is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
0	is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded
0	derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded
1	derived from a lobotomy ,
0	derived from a lobotomy
2	from a lobotomy
1	a lobotomy
1	having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded
1	had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded
1	had all its vital essence scooped out and
1	had all its vital essence scooped out
1	had all its vital essence scooped
2	all its vital essence scooped
2	its vital essence scooped
2	vital essence scooped
2	essence scooped
3	A sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity .
2	A sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity
3	A sentimental hybrid
2	sentimental hybrid
2	that could benefit from the spice of specificity
2	could benefit from the spice of specificity
2	benefit from the spice of specificity
2	from the spice of specificity
2	the spice of specificity
2	the spice
2	of specificity
1	... familiar and predictable , and 4\/5ths of it might as well have come from a Xerox machine rather than -LRB- writer-director -RRB- Franc .
0	familiar and predictable , and 4\/5ths of it might as well have come from a Xerox machine rather than -LRB- writer-director -RRB- Franc .
1	familiar and predictable , and 4\/5ths of it
1	familiar and predictable , and
1	familiar and predictable ,
1	familiar and predictable
2	familiar and
2	4\/5ths of it
2	of it
0	might as well have come from a Xerox machine rather than -LRB- writer-director -RRB- Franc .
1	might as well have come from a Xerox machine rather than -LRB- writer-director -RRB- Franc
2	might as well
2	as well
1	have come from a Xerox machine rather than -LRB- writer-director -RRB- Franc
0	come from a Xerox machine rather than -LRB- writer-director -RRB- Franc
1	from a Xerox machine rather than -LRB- writer-director -RRB- Franc
1	a Xerox machine rather than -LRB- writer-director -RRB- Franc
2	a Xerox machine rather than
1	a Xerox machine
2	Xerox machine
2	rather than
2	-LRB- writer-director -RRB- Franc
2	writer-director -RRB- Franc
2	-RRB- Franc
2	Reyes ' word processor .
2	Reyes ' word
2	Reyes '
2	processor .
1	Give Shapiro , Goldman , and Bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour .
1	Give Shapiro , Goldman , and Bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour
3	Give Shapiro , Goldman , and Bolado credit for good intentions , but
3	Give Shapiro , Goldman , and Bolado credit for good intentions ,
3	Give Shapiro , Goldman , and Bolado credit for good intentions
2	Give Shapiro , Goldman , and
2	Give Shapiro , Goldman ,
2	Give Shapiro , Goldman
2	Give Shapiro ,
2	Give Shapiro
3	Bolado credit for good intentions
2	Bolado credit
2	for good intentions
3	good intentions
1	there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour
1	's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour
2	's nothing here
2	's nothing
2	that they could n't have done in half an hour
1	they could n't have done in half an hour
2	could n't have done in half an hour
1	could n't
1	have done in half an hour
2	done in half an hour
2	in half an hour
2	half an hour
2	an hour
0	It 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison .
1	's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison .
0	's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison
1	's so devoid of joy and energy
2	so devoid of joy and energy
1	devoid of joy and energy
4	of joy and energy
4	joy and energy
2	joy and
1	it makes even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison
0	makes even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison
1	even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison
2	Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison
2	Jason X
2	... look positively Shakesperean by comparison
2	look positively Shakesperean by comparison
2	positively Shakesperean by comparison
3	positively Shakesperean
2	by comparison
2	A little objectivity could have gone a long way .
2	A little objectivity
1	little objectivity
2	could have gone a long way .
2	could have gone a long way
3	have gone a long way
3	gone a long way
2	a long way
2	long way
0	One of the worst films of 2002 .
1	One of the worst films of 2002
0	of the worst films of 2002
0	the worst films of 2002
0	the worst films
0	worst films
2	of 2002
2	I believe Silberling had the best intentions here , but he just does n't have the restraint to fully realize them .
2	I believe Silberling had the best intentions here , but he just does n't have the restraint to fully realize them
2	I believe Silberling had the best intentions here , but
3	I believe Silberling had the best intentions here ,
3	I believe Silberling had the best intentions here
3	believe Silberling had the best intentions here
3	Silberling had the best intentions here
3	had the best intentions here
2	had the best intentions
3	the best intentions
3	best intentions
1	he just does n't have the restraint to fully realize them
1	just does n't have the restraint to fully realize them
2	does n't have the restraint to fully realize them
1	does n't
2	have the restraint to fully realize them
2	the restraint to fully realize them
2	restraint to fully realize them
2	to fully realize them
2	fully realize them
2	realize them
1	plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure Hollywood .
1	like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure Hollywood .
2	like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure Hollywood
1	an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure Hollywood
1	an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and
1	an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage
0	an unbalanced mixture
1	unbalanced mixture
2	of graphic combat footage
2	graphic combat footage
2	combat footage
2	almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure Hollywood
3	almost saccharine domestic interludes
2	almost saccharine
2	domestic interludes
2	that are pure Hollywood
3	are pure Hollywood
1	pure Hollywood
1	McTiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious .
0	McTiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious
2	McTiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but
2	McTiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino --
3	McTiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet
2	McTiernan 's remake
2	McTiernan 's
2	may be lighter on its feet
2	be lighter on its feet
2	be lighter
2	on its feet
2	its feet
0	-- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino --
2	the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino --
2	the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino
2	the sober-minded original
2	sober-minded original
2	was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino
3	was as graceful
3	as graceful
2	as a tap-dancing rhino
1	a tap-dancing rhino
2	tap-dancing rhino
2	it is just as boring and as obvious
0	is just as boring and as obvious
2	is just
1	as boring and as obvious
1	as boring and
1	as boring
2	as obvious
1	High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue .
1	High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue
1	High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery , and
1	High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery ,
1	High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery
2	High Crimes
1	carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery
1	carries almost no organic intrigue
1	almost no organic intrigue
1	no organic intrigue
3	organic intrigue
2	as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery
2	a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery
2	government \/ Marine\/legal mystery
2	\/ Marine\/legal mystery
2	Marine\/legal mystery
2	that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue
2	's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue
1	because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue
2	the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue
2	the movie
2	serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue
3	serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally ,
3	serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally
2	serves up all of that stuff ,
3	serves up all of that stuff
2	serves up
2	all of that stuff
2	of that stuff
2	that stuff
2	nearly subliminally
1	as the old-hat province of male intrigue
2	the old-hat province of male intrigue
2	the old-hat province
1	old-hat province
2	of male intrigue
2	male intrigue
0	This movie is about the worst thing Chan has done in the United States .
2	This movie
0	is about the worst thing Chan has done in the United States .
1	is about the worst thing Chan has done in the United States
1	about the worst thing Chan has done in the United States
1	about the worst thing
0	the worst thing
0	worst thing
3	Chan has done in the United States
2	has done in the United States
2	done in the United States
2	in the United States
2	the United States
3	United States
1	The explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me .
1	The explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me
0	The explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered --
1	The explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered
2	The explosion
1	essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered
0	essentially ruined -- or , rather ,
1	essentially ruined -- or , rather
1	essentially ruined -- or ,
0	essentially ruined -- or
0	essentially ruined --
2	essentially ruined
2	the fiction of the movie for me
2	the fiction
2	of the movie for me
2	the movie for me
2	the movie
2	for me
0	This ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .
0	This ludicrous film
0	ludicrous film
1	is predictable at every turn .
1	is predictable at every turn
1	predictable at every turn
2	at every turn
2	every turn
0	An incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
0	An incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people
0	An incredibly irritating comedy
0	incredibly irritating comedy
1	incredibly irritating
1	about thoroughly vacuous people
2	thoroughly vacuous people
2	thoroughly vacuous
1	... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
1	manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
1	manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy
1	to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy
0	embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy
2	the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy
1	the worst excesses of nouvelle
1	the worst excesses
1	worst excesses
2	of nouvelle
1	vague without any of its sense of fun or energy
1	without any of its sense of fun or energy
2	any of its sense of fun or energy
3	of its sense of fun or energy
3	its sense of fun or energy
2	its sense
3	of fun or energy
3	fun or energy
3	fun or
0	The film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .
2	The film
2	desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .
1	sinks further and further into comedy futility .
1	sinks further and further into comedy futility
1	sinks further and further
2	further and further
2	further and
1	into comedy futility
2	comedy futility
0	Instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the X Games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .
1	Instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the X Games
3	of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the X Games
2	a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the X Games
3	a balanced film
3	balanced film
2	that explains the zeitgeist that is the X Games
2	explains the zeitgeist that is the X Games
2	the zeitgeist that is the X Games
2	the zeitgeist
2	that is the X Games
2	is the X Games
2	the X Games
2	X Games
0	, we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .
1	we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .
1	get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .
0	get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized
1	a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized
3	a cinematic postcard
3	cinematic postcard
0	that 's superficial and unrealized
0	's superficial and unrealized
1	superficial and unrealized
1	superficial and
1	The crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .
0	The crassness of this reactionary thriller
1	The crassness
3	of this reactionary thriller
2	this reactionary thriller
2	reactionary thriller
0	is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .
0	is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise
0	matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise
2	matched only
2	by the ridiculousness of its premise
0	the ridiculousness of its premise
1	the ridiculousness
2	of its premise
2	its premise
1	I wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .
1	wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .
1	wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways
1	it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways
1	would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways
2	have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways
2	have just
1	gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways
2	gone more over-the-top
2	more over-the-top
2	instead of trying to have it both ways
2	of trying to have it both ways
1	trying to have it both ways
2	to have it both ways
2	have it both ways
2	it both ways
2	both ways
1	The superior plotline is n't quite enough to drag along the dead -LRB- water -RRB- weight of the other .
4	The superior plotline
4	superior plotline
2	is n't quite enough to drag along the dead -LRB- water -RRB- weight of the other .
1	is n't quite enough to drag along the dead -LRB- water -RRB- weight of the other
1	is n't
2	quite enough to drag along the dead -LRB- water -RRB- weight of the other
1	enough to drag along the dead -LRB- water -RRB- weight of the other
1	to drag along the dead -LRB- water -RRB- weight of the other
1	drag along the dead -LRB- water -RRB- weight of the other
1	drag along
1	the dead -LRB- water -RRB- weight of the other
2	the dead -LRB- water -RRB- weight
1	dead -LRB- water -RRB- weight
2	-LRB- water -RRB- weight
2	-LRB- water -RRB-
2	water -RRB-
3	of the other
2	the other
1	The film does n't really care about the thousands of Americans who die hideously , it cares about how Ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the CIA .
1	The film does n't really care about the thousands of Americans who die hideously
2	The film
1	does n't really care about the thousands of Americans who die hideously
2	does n't really
1	does n't
2	care about the thousands of Americans who die hideously
1	about the thousands of Americans who die hideously
1	the thousands of Americans who die hideously
2	the thousands of Americans
2	the thousands
2	of Americans
1	who die hideously
0	die hideously
2	, it cares about how Ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the CIA .
2	it cares about how Ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the CIA .
2	cares about how Ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the CIA .
2	cares about how Ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the CIA
2	about how Ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the CIA
2	how Ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the CIA
2	Ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the CIA
2	meets his future wife and makes his start at the CIA
2	meets his future wife and
3	meets his future wife
3	his future wife
2	future wife
2	makes his start at the CIA
2	makes his start
2	his start
2	at the CIA
2	the CIA
1	Adrift , Bentley and Hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as Ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .
1	Adrift , Bentley and Hudson
2	, Bentley and Hudson
2	Bentley and Hudson
2	Bentley and
1	stare and sniffle , respectively , as Ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .
1	stare and sniffle , respectively , as Ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design
2	stare and sniffle , respectively ,
2	stare and sniffle , respectively
2	stare and sniffle ,
1	stare and sniffle
2	stare and
1	as Ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design
2	Ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design
1	attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design
1	attempts , in vain ,
1	attempts , in vain
2	attempts ,
2	in vain
2	to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design
3	prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design
2	that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design
2	movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design
3	movie-star intensity
1	can overcome bad hair design
1	overcome bad hair design
1	bad hair design
2	hair design
1	After an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .
1	After an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be
2	an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be
2	an hour and
2	an hour
2	a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be
2	a half
2	of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be
1	wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be
2	wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently --
2	-- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently --
2	sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently --
2	amusedly , sometimes impatiently --
2	amusedly , sometimes impatiently
2	amusedly , sometimes
3	amusedly ,
3	just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be
2	just what
2	this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be
1	this strenuously unconventional movie
2	strenuously unconventional movie
2	strenuously unconventional
2	is supposed to be
2	supposed to be
2	to be
1	, you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .
2	you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .
2	discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .
1	discover that the answer is as conventional as can be
1	that the answer is as conventional as can be
1	the answer is as conventional as can be
2	the answer
1	is as conventional as can be
2	is as conventional
2	as conventional
2	as can be
2	can be
1	` Linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... '
2	Linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... '
2	Linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde
2	Linklater fans , or
2	Linklater fans ,
2	fans ,
1	pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde
1	pretentious types
2	who want to appear avant-garde
2	want to appear avant-garde
2	to appear avant-garde
3	appear avant-garde
2	will suck up to this project ... '
2	will suck up to this project ...
2	will suck up to this project
2	suck up to this project
1	suck up
2	to this project
2	this project
0	A woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy .
1	A woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy
2	A woefully dull ,
1	A woefully dull
1	woefully dull
2	redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy
1	redundant concept
1	that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy
1	bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy
1	bears more than a whiff of exploitation ,
2	bears more than a whiff of exploitation
1	more than a whiff of exploitation
3	more than a whiff
3	more than a
2	than a
2	of exploitation
1	despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy
2	Iwai 's vaunted empathy
2	Iwai 's
3	vaunted empathy
2	Screenwriter Chris ver Weil 's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability .
3	Screenwriter Chris ver Weil 's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability
3	Screenwriter Chris ver Weil 's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but
3	Screenwriter Chris ver Weil 's directing debut is good-natured and never dull ,
4	Screenwriter Chris ver Weil 's directing debut is good-natured and never dull
2	Screenwriter Chris ver Weil 's directing debut
2	Screenwriter Chris ver Weil 's
2	Chris ver Weil 's
2	ver Weil 's
2	Weil 's
2	directing debut
3	is good-natured and never dull
3	good-natured and never dull
4	good-natured and
3	never dull
1	its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability
2	its virtues
1	are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability
0	small and easily overshadowed by its predictability
2	small and
2	easily overshadowed by its predictability
1	overshadowed by its predictability
1	by its predictability
1	its predictability
0	If you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material .
2	If you really want to understand what this story is really all about
3	you really want to understand what this story is really all about
2	really want to understand what this story is really all about
2	want to understand what this story is really all about
2	to understand what this story is really all about
2	understand what this story is really all about
2	what this story is really all about
3	this story is really all about
2	this story
2	is really all about
2	is really
2	all about
1	, you 're far better served by the source material .
1	you 're far better served by the source material .
2	're far better served by the source material .
1	're far better served by the source material
2	're far better
3	far better
2	served by the source material
2	by the source material
2	the source material
2	source material
1	It 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
0	's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
0	's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable
2	's mildly sentimental , unabashedly
2	's mildly sentimental ,
3	's mildly sentimental
2	mildly sentimental
0	consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable
2	consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and
2	consumerist ... studiously inoffensive
2	consumerist ...
1	studiously inoffensive
2	completely disposable
1	Like its title character , Esther Kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
2	Like its title character
2	its title character
2	title character
1	, Esther Kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
1	Esther Kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
2	Esther Kahn
1	is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
1	is unusual but unfortunately also irritating
1	unusual but unfortunately also irritating
1	unusual but unfortunately also
1	but unfortunately also
1	unfortunately also
1	The star who helped give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` The Sum of All Fears . ''
2	The star who helped give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` The Sum of All Fears .
1	The star who helped give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` The Sum of All Fears
2	The star
2	who helped give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` The Sum of All Fears
0	helped give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` The Sum of All Fears
1	give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` The Sum of All Fears
1	give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , ``
1	give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film ,
0	give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film
2	give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes ''
2	give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes
3	give a spark
2	a spark
2	to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes
2	`` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes
2	Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes
2	Chasing Amy '' and ``
2	Chasing Amy '' and
2	Chasing Amy ''
2	Chasing Amy
2	Changing Lanes
0	falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film
0	falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan
1	falls flat as thinking man
1	flat as thinking man
2	as thinking man
3	thinking man
2	CIA agent Jack Ryan
2	agent Jack Ryan
2	Jack Ryan
3	in this summer 's new action film
2	this summer 's new action film
2	this summer 's
2	summer 's
2	new action film
2	action film
2	The Sum of All Fears
2	The Sum
2	of All Fears
2	All Fears
0	A summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
2	A summary of the plot
2	A summary
2	of the plot
2	the plot
0	does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
0	does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution
1	does n't quite
1	does n't
0	do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution
0	do justice to the awfulness of the movie ,
0	do justice to the awfulness of the movie
3	do justice
0	to the awfulness of the movie
1	the awfulness of the movie
2	the awfulness
2	of the movie
2	the movie
1	for that comes through all too painfully in the execution
1	that comes through all too painfully in the execution
1	comes through all too painfully in the execution
2	comes through all too painfully
1	through all too painfully
2	all too painfully
1	too painfully
2	in the execution
1	the execution
0	Every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .
0	Every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera
1	Every conceivable mistake
0	conceivable mistake
2	a director could make in filming opera
2	a director
2	could make in filming opera
2	make in filming opera
2	in filming opera
2	filming opera
2	has been perpetrated here .
2	has been perpetrated here
2	been perpetrated here
2	perpetrated here
1	Snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .
1	will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .
0	will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this
1	will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely
1	will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but
3	will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey ,
2	will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey
3	will no doubt
2	no doubt
2	rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey
3	rally to its cause ,
2	rally to its cause
2	to its cause
2	its cause
2	trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey
1	trotting out threadbare standbys
2	trotting out
1	threadbare standbys
2	like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey
1	` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey
4	` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and
4	` masterpiece ' and ` triumph '
4	masterpiece ' and ` triumph '
2	' and ` triumph '
2	and ` triumph '
3	` triumph '
3	triumph '
2	all that malarkey
1	that malarkey
1	does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this
2	does an established filmmaker so
3	does an established filmmaker
3	an established filmmaker
3	established filmmaker
0	ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this
1	waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this
0	waste viewers ' time
2	viewers ' time
2	viewers '
2	with a gobbler like this
3	a gobbler like this
2	a gobbler
2	like this
1	-LRB- The film 's -RRB- taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of Tom Green and the Farrelly Brothers .
1	-LRB- The film 's -RRB- taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of Tom Green and the Farrelly Brothers
1	-LRB- The film 's -RRB- taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but
1	-LRB- The film 's -RRB- taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all
0	The film 's -RRB- taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all
2	The film 's
2	film 's
1	-RRB- taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all
1	taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all
1	for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all
1	`` shock humor '' will wear thin on all
1	`` shock humor ''
2	shock humor ''
2	humor ''
1	will wear thin on all
1	wear thin on all
1	wear thin
2	on all
2	those weaned on the comedy of Tom Green and the Farrelly Brothers
2	weaned on the comedy of Tom Green and the Farrelly Brothers
2	on the comedy of Tom Green and the Farrelly Brothers
2	the comedy of Tom Green and the Farrelly Brothers
2	the comedy
2	of Tom Green and the Farrelly Brothers
2	Tom Green and the Farrelly Brothers
2	Tom Green and
2	Tom Green
2	the Farrelly Brothers
2	Farrelly Brothers
3	Any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .
3	Any enjoyment
2	will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .
2	will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things
2	be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things
2	hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things
2	from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things
2	a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things
2	a personal threshold
2	personal threshold
3	of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things
2	watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things
3	sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things
3	sad but endearing characters
3	sad but endearing
1	sad but
2	do extremely unconventional things
2	extremely unconventional things
2	extremely unconventional
2	If legendary shlockmeister Ed Wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles .
3	If legendary shlockmeister Ed Wood had ever made a movie about a vampire
2	legendary shlockmeister Ed Wood had ever made a movie about a vampire
2	legendary shlockmeister Ed Wood
2	shlockmeister Ed Wood
2	Ed Wood
2	had ever made a movie about a vampire
2	had ever
2	made a movie about a vampire
2	a movie about a vampire
2	a movie
2	about a vampire
3	a vampire
1	, it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles .
2	it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles .
1	probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles .
2	would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles .
3	would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles
1	look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles
2	look a lot
2	a lot
1	like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles
2	this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles
1	this alarming production ,
1	this alarming production
2	alarming production
2	adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles
2	from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles
2	Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles
2	Anne Rice 's
2	Rice 's
2	novel The Vampire Chronicles
2	The Vampire Chronicles
2	Vampire Chronicles
2	Hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman 's breakdown , the film nevertheless works up a few scares .
1	Hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman 's breakdown , the film
1	Hardly a nuanced portrait
3	a nuanced portrait
3	nuanced portrait
2	of a young woman 's breakdown , the film
2	a young woman 's breakdown , the film
2	a young woman 's breakdown ,
1	a young woman 's breakdown
2	a young woman 's
2	young woman 's
2	woman 's
2	the film
3	nevertheless works up a few scares .
3	nevertheless works up a few scares
3	works up a few scares
3	works up
2	a few scares
2	few scares
0	Interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .
0	Interminably bleak
1	, to say nothing of boring .
2	to say nothing of boring .
2	say nothing of boring .
1	say nothing of boring
2	nothing of boring
1	of boring
1	Things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content .
1	Things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content
1	Things really get weird , though not particularly scary :
1	Things really get weird , though not particularly scary
1	really get weird , though not particularly scary
2	get weird , though not particularly scary
3	get weird ,
2	get weird
2	though not particularly scary
1	not particularly scary
2	particularly scary
1	the movie is all portent and no content
2	the movie
2	is all portent and no content
1	all portent and no content
2	all portent and
2	all portent
1	no content
2	It 's difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion .
1	's difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion .
1	's difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion
0	difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion
1	to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion
2	discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion
1	if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion
2	this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion
2	is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion
3	a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion
3	a crazy work of disturbed genius or
3	a crazy work of disturbed genius
2	a crazy work
1	crazy work
3	of disturbed genius
2	disturbed genius
1	merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion
2	merely 90 minutes
2	90 minutes
2	of post-adolescent Electra rebellion
2	post-adolescent Electra rebellion
2	Electra rebellion
2	Bogs down badly as we absorb Jia 's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance .
1	down badly as we absorb Jia 's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance .
2	down badly as we absorb Jia 's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance
1	down badly as we
1	down badly
3	as we
2	absorb Jia 's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance
1	Jia 's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance
2	Jia 's moody ,
2	Jia 's moody
2	Jia 's
1	bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance
2	bad-boy behavior
2	which he portrays himself in a one-note performance
1	he portrays himself in a one-note performance
1	portrays himself in a one-note performance
2	portrays himself
1	in a one-note performance
1	a one-note performance
1	one-note performance
2	The camera whirls !
2	The camera
2	whirls !
2	The camera twirls !
2	The camera
2	twirls !
3	Oh , look at that clever angle !
2	, look at that clever angle !
4	look at that clever angle !
3	look at that clever angle
2	at that clever angle
3	that clever angle
3	clever angle
2	Wow , a jump cut !
2	, a jump cut !
2	a jump cut !
2	a jump
2	cut !
1	Demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
0	finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
0	succeeds in diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
0	succeeds in diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack
1	in diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack
0	diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack
1	diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master
1	diminishing his stature
2	his stature
3	from Oscar-winning master
3	Oscar-winning master
1	to lowly studio hack
1	lowly studio hack
1	studio hack
0	The action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up .
2	The action scenes
3	action scenes
1	have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up .
1	have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up
1	have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup ,
1	have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup
2	all the suspense of a 20-car pileup
2	all the suspense
2	the suspense
1	of a 20-car pileup
1	a 20-car pileup
2	20-car pileup
1	while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up
1	the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up
1	the plot holes
1	plot holes
2	are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up
2	are big enough for a train car to drive through --
2	are big enough for a train car to drive through
2	big enough for a train car to drive through
2	big enough
2	for a train car to drive through
2	a train car to drive through
2	train car to drive through
3	car to drive through
2	to drive through
2	drive through
1	if Kaos had n't blown them all up
2	Kaos had n't blown them all up
2	had n't blown them all up
2	had n't
2	blown them all up
2	blown them
2	all up
1	It almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
0	almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
1	feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
1	feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us
1	as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us
1	if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us
1	the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us
2	the movie
1	is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us
1	more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us
1	more interested in entertaining itself
3	interested in entertaining itself
2	in entertaining itself
3	entertaining itself
2	than in amusing us
3	in amusing us
3	amusing us
3	It puts Washington , as honest working man John Q. Archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .
2	puts Washington , as honest working man John Q. Archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .
3	puts Washington , as honest working man John Q. Archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher
2	Washington , as honest working man John Q. Archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher
2	Washington ,
2	as honest working man John Q. Archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher
4	honest working man John Q. Archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher
2	honest working man John Q. Archibald , on a pedestal ,
2	honest working man John Q. Archibald , on a pedestal
3	honest working man John Q. Archibald ,
2	honest working man John Q. Archibald
2	working man John Q. Archibald
2	man John Q. Archibald
2	John Q. Archibald
2	Q. Archibald
3	on a pedestal
2	a pedestal
2	then keeps lifting the pedestal higher
3	keeps lifting the pedestal higher
3	lifting the pedestal higher
2	the pedestal higher
2	pedestal higher
1	Ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .
1	, the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .
1	the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .
2	the film
2	amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .
1	amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing
1	to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing
1	being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing
1	lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing
2	lectured to by tech-geeks ,
2	lectured to by tech-geeks
2	lectured to
2	by tech-geeks
3	if you 're up for that sort of thing
2	you 're up for that sort of thing
2	're up for that sort of thing
2	're up
2	for that sort of thing
2	that sort of thing
2	that sort
2	of thing
4	Far more enjoyable than its predecessor .
3	more enjoyable than its predecessor .
3	more enjoyable than its predecessor
2	enjoyable than its predecessor
2	than its predecessor
2	its predecessor
3	-LRB- Gayton 's script -RRB- telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .
2	-LRB- Gayton 's script -RRB-
2	Gayton 's script -RRB-
2	Gayton 's script
2	Gayton 's
1	telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .
2	telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience
2	telegraphs every discovery and layers
2	every discovery and layers
2	discovery and layers
2	discovery and
2	on the gloss of convenience
2	the gloss of convenience
3	the gloss
2	of convenience
1	Full Frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature .
1	Full Frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature
2	Full Frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but
2	Full Frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire ,
2	Full Frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire
2	Full Frontal , which opens today nationwide ,
2	Full Frontal , which opens today nationwide
2	Full Frontal ,
2	Full Frontal
2	which opens today nationwide
2	opens today nationwide
3	opens today
2	could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire
2	could almost
2	be classified as a movie-industry satire
1	classified as a movie-industry satire
2	as a movie-industry satire
3	a movie-industry satire
2	movie-industry satire
2	it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature
1	lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature
2	the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature
2	the generous inclusiveness
2	generous inclusiveness
2	that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature
2	is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature
2	the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature
2	the genre 's
2	genre 's
1	definitive , if disingenuous , feature
1	definitive , if disingenuous ,
1	, if disingenuous ,
1	if disingenuous ,
1	disingenuous ,
0	A ragbag of cliches .
1	A ragbag of cliches
1	A ragbag
1	of cliches
2	This rough trade Punch-and-Judy act did n't play well then and it plays worse now .
1	This rough trade Punch-and-Judy act did n't play well then and it plays worse now
2	This rough trade Punch-and-Judy act did n't play well then and
1	This rough trade Punch-and-Judy act did n't play well then
2	This rough trade Punch-and-Judy act
2	rough trade Punch-and-Judy act
2	trade Punch-and-Judy act
2	Punch-and-Judy act
1	did n't play well then
2	did n't
2	play well then
3	play well
0	it plays worse now
1	plays worse now
1	plays worse
0	The three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling .
1	The three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling
3	The three leads produce adequate performances , but
3	The three leads produce adequate performances ,
2	The three leads produce adequate performances
2	The three leads
2	three leads
3	produce adequate performances
2	adequate performances
1	what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling
1	what 's missing from this material
2	's missing from this material
1	missing from this material
2	from this material
2	this material
2	is any depth of feeling
2	any depth of feeling
2	any depth
2	of feeling
0	It 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling .
1	It 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling
1	It 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but
1	It 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel ,
1	It 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel
2	's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel
2	's possible
1	that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel
1	something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel
3	something hip and transgressive
2	something hip and
3	something hip
1	was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel
1	being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel
1	attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel
2	attempted here
1	that stubbornly refused to gel
1	stubbornly refused to gel
1	refused to gel
2	to gel
0	the result is more puzzling than unsettling
2	the result
2	is more puzzling than unsettling
2	more puzzling than unsettling
1	puzzling than unsettling
2	than unsettling
0	This painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story .
1	This painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story
0	This painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ...
0	This painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications
0	This painfully unfunny farce
0	painfully unfunny farce
0	painfully unfunny
1	traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications
2	traffics in tired stereotypes and
1	traffics in tired stereotypes
1	in tired stereotypes
1	tired stereotypes
1	encumbers itself with complications
1	encumbers itself
3	with complications
2	that have no bearing on the story
1	have no bearing on the story
1	no bearing on the story
2	no bearing
2	on the story
2	the story
3	Short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight ... Tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .
3	Short and sweet
2	Short and
1	, but also more than anything else slight ... Tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .
2	but also more than anything else slight ... Tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .
2	also more than anything else slight ... Tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .
2	more than anything else slight ... Tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .
1	more than anything else slight ... Tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations
2	than anything else slight ... Tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations
2	anything else slight ... Tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations
2	anything else slight
2	else slight
2	... Tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations
2	Tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations
1	pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations
2	pulls back
2	from the consequences of its own actions and revelations
1	the consequences of its own actions and revelations
1	the consequences
2	of its own actions and revelations
2	its own actions and revelations
2	own actions and revelations
2	actions and revelations
2	actions and
2	Has its moments , but it 's pretty far from a treasure .
2	Has its moments , but it 's pretty far from a treasure
3	Has its moments , but
3	Has its moments ,
2	Has its moments
2	its moments
1	it 's pretty far from a treasure
1	's pretty far from a treasure
1	pretty far from a treasure
1	far from a treasure
3	from a treasure
4	a treasure
0	What more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?
2	What more
1	can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?
0	can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
2	be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
1	expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
0	from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
0	a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
2	a college comedy
2	college comedy
1	that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
2	's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
1	target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
2	target audience
1	has n't graduated from junior high school
2	has n't
2	graduated from junior high school
2	from junior high school
2	junior high school
2	high school
2	Collateral Damage offers formula payback and the Big Payoff , but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks , pyro-correctly .
3	Collateral Damage offers formula payback and the Big Payoff , but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks , pyro-correctly
2	Collateral Damage offers formula payback and the Big Payoff , but
2	Collateral Damage offers formula payback and the Big Payoff ,
3	Collateral Damage offers formula payback and the Big Payoff
2	Collateral Damage
2	offers formula payback and the Big Payoff
2	formula payback and the Big Payoff
1	formula payback and
2	formula payback
2	the Big Payoff
3	Big Payoff
1	the explosions tend to simply hit their marks , pyro-correctly
2	the explosions
2	tend to simply hit their marks , pyro-correctly
2	to simply hit their marks , pyro-correctly
2	to simply
3	hit their marks , pyro-correctly
3	hit their marks ,
3	hit their marks
2	their marks
0	The plan to make Enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong .
2	The plan to make Enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '
3	plan to make Enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '
4	to make Enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '
3	make Enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '
2	make Enough
4	into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '
3	into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
2	into `
4	an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
4	an inspiring tale
4	inspiring tale
4	of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
4	survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
4	wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
4	in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
4	the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
3	the heart-pounding suspense
3	heart-pounding suspense
3	of a stylish psychological thriller
4	a stylish psychological thriller
3	stylish psychological thriller
3	stylish psychological
0	has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong .
0	has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong
0	flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong
0	flopped as surely
2	as surely
0	as a soufflé gone wrong
0	a soufflé gone wrong
2	a soufflé
1	gone wrong
0	Instead of letting the laughs come as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .
2	Instead of letting
2	of letting
2	the laughs come as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .
3	the laughs
1	come as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .
0	come as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick
1	as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick
2	they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick
0	may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick
2	may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank ,
1	, Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank ,
3	Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank ,
0	Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank
2	unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank
1	unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy --
1	unleashes his trademark misogyny
1	his trademark misogyny
1	trademark misogyny
2	-- er , comedy --
2	er , comedy --
2	er , comedy
2	er ,
0	like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank
0	a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank
2	a human volcano or
2	a human volcano
2	human volcano
1	an overflowing septic tank
1	overflowing septic tank
1	septic tank
2	take your pick
2	your pick
2	You know that ten bucks you 'd spend on a ticket ?
1	know that ten bucks you 'd spend on a ticket ?
2	know that ten bucks you 'd spend on a ticket
2	that ten bucks you 'd spend on a ticket
2	that ten bucks
2	ten bucks
2	you 'd spend on a ticket
2	'd spend on a ticket
1	spend on a ticket
2	on a ticket
2	a ticket
1	Just send it to Cranky .
2	send it to Cranky .
2	send it to Cranky
2	send it
2	to Cranky
0	We do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
0	do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
1	do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this
2	do n't
0	get paid enough to sit through crap like this
0	paid enough to sit through crap like this
1	enough to sit through crap like this
2	to sit through crap like this
0	sit through crap like this
0	through crap like this
0	crap like this
2	like this
1	An even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .
2	An even more predictable , cliche-ridden
1	even more predictable , cliche-ridden
1	even more predictable
2	more predictable
1	, cliche-ridden
2	endeavor than its predecessor .
2	endeavor than its predecessor
2	than its predecessor
2	its predecessor
1	The whole thing plays like a tired Tyco ad .
2	The whole thing
3	whole thing
1	plays like a tired Tyco ad .
1	plays like a tired Tyco ad
1	like a tired Tyco ad
1	a tired Tyco ad
1	tired Tyco ad
2	Tyco ad
1	The film does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes Wilco a big deal .
2	The film
1	does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes Wilco a big deal .
2	does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes Wilco a big deal
1	does n't
2	show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes Wilco a big deal
2	enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes Wilco a big deal
2	enough of the creative process or even
2	of the creative process or even
2	the creative process or even
2	creative process or even
2	process or even
2	process or
3	of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes Wilco a big deal
2	what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes Wilco a big deal
3	was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes Wilco a big deal
2	created for the non-fan to figure out what makes Wilco a big deal
2	created for the non-fan
2	for the non-fan
2	the non-fan
2	to figure out what makes Wilco a big deal
2	figure out what makes Wilco a big deal
2	figure out
2	what makes Wilco a big deal
2	makes Wilco a big deal
2	Wilco a big deal
2	a big deal
2	big deal
2	The soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too .
1	The soupy end result
1	soupy end result
2	end result
1	has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too .
1	has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too
2	has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun ,
1	has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun
1	the odd distinction of being playful without being fun
2	the odd distinction
2	odd distinction
2	of being playful without being fun
2	being playful without being fun
1	playful without being fun
2	without being fun
3	being fun
1	No , I do n't know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
0	, I do n't know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
0	I do n't know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
0	do n't know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
0	do n't know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money
2	do n't
1	know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money
1	know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or
0	know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
0	why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
1	Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
3	Steven Seagal
2	is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
0	considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
1	a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
2	a star
1	, nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
2	, nor
1	why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
0	he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
0	keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
0	being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
2	cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
2	cast in action films
2	in action films
2	action films
1	when none of them are ever any good
1	none of them are ever any good
2	none of them
2	of them
2	are ever any good
2	are ever
2	any good
2	make any money
2	any money
0	Even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , Sorority Boys is a bowser .
1	Even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor
1	by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor
0	the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor
1	the intentionally low standards
2	intentionally low standards
1	intentionally low
2	of frat-boy humor
2	frat-boy humor
2	, Sorority Boys is a bowser .
1	Sorority Boys is a bowser .
2	Sorority Boys
1	is a bowser .
1	is a bowser
1	a bowser
1	One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing .
1	One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing
2	One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but
3	One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout ,
3	One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout
3	One well-timed explosion in a movie
2	One well-timed explosion
3	well-timed explosion
2	in a movie
2	a movie
3	can be a knockout
2	be a knockout
3	a knockout
1	a hundred of them can be numbing
2	a hundred of them
2	a hundred
2	of them
1	can be numbing
1	be numbing
2	Proof of this is Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever .
2	Proof of this
2	of this
2	is Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever .
2	is Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever
2	Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever
3	Ballistic :
2	Ecks vs. Sever
2	Ecks vs.
1	Halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
0	through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
0	, however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
0	however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
0	, having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
1	having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
0	having sucked dry the undead action flick formula
0	sucked dry the undead action flick formula
1	dry the undead action flick formula
2	the undead action flick formula
2	undead action flick formula
2	action flick formula
2	flick formula
1	, Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
1	Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
2	Blade II
1	mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
1	mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary
1	into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary
1	a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary
2	a gross-out monster movie
2	gross-out monster movie
2	monster movie
2	with effects that are more silly than scary
1	effects that are more silly than scary
1	that are more silly than scary
1	are more silly than scary
1	more silly than scary
2	silly than scary
2	than scary
0	Weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .
0	Weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting
1	Weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and
1	Weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling
1	Weighted down with slow ,
1	Weighted down with slow
1	Weighted down
2	with slow
1	uninvolving storytelling
1	flat acting
0	We ca n't accuse Kung Pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .
0	ca n't accuse Kung Pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .
1	ca n't accuse Kung Pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
2	ca n't
0	accuse Kung Pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
2	accuse Kung Pow for misfiring ,
2	accuse Kung Pow for misfiring
2	Kung Pow for misfiring
2	Kung Pow
2	for misfiring
0	since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
0	it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
0	is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
0	exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
3	exactly what it wants to be
2	exactly what
3	it wants to be
2	wants to be
2	to be
0	: an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
0	an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
0	atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
0	atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad
0	, mind-numbingly , indescribably bad
0	mind-numbingly , indescribably bad
0	, indescribably bad
0	indescribably bad
1	Unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .
1	, we 'd prefer a simple misfire .
2	we 'd prefer a simple misfire .
2	'd prefer a simple misfire .
1	'd prefer a simple misfire
2	prefer a simple misfire
1	a simple misfire
1	simple misfire
0	There is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
0	is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
0	is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights
1	is n't
3	one moment in the film that surprises or delights
3	one moment
3	in the film that surprises or delights
3	the film that surprises or delights
2	the film
3	that surprises or delights
3	surprises or delights
2	surprises or
2	` Would n't it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it 's like on the other side of the bra ? '
2	Would n't it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it 's like on the other side of the bra ? '
2	Would n't
2	it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it 's like on the other side of the bra ? '
3	it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it 's like on the other side of the bra ?
3	it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it 's like on the other side of the bra
2	be nice if all guys got a taste of what it 's like on the other side of the bra
2	be nice
2	if all guys got a taste of what it 's like on the other side of the bra
2	all guys got a taste of what it 's like on the other side of the bra
2	all guys
2	got a taste of what it 's like on the other side of the bra
2	a taste of what it 's like on the other side of the bra
2	a taste
2	of what it 's like on the other side of the bra
2	what it 's like on the other side of the bra
2	it 's like on the other side of the bra
2	's like on the other side of the bra
2	like on the other side of the bra
2	on the other side of the bra
2	the other side of the bra
2	the other side
2	other side
3	of the bra
2	the bra
2	The movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors ' moments .
2	The movie
3	is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors ' moments .
2	is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors ' moments
2	is essentially
2	a series of fleetingly interesting actors ' moments
2	a series
1	of fleetingly interesting actors ' moments
2	fleetingly interesting actors ' moments
3	fleetingly interesting actors '
4	fleetingly interesting
2	actors '
1	Most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how Broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence .
1	Most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how Broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence
2	Most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and ,
2	Most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and
2	Most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another
2	Most of the information
2	of the information
2	the information
1	has already appeared in one forum or another
2	has already
2	appeared in one forum or another
3	in one forum or another
2	one forum or another
2	one forum or
2	one forum
1	no matter how Broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence
2	no matter how Broomfield dresses it up
2	matter how Broomfield dresses it up
2	how Broomfield dresses it up
3	Broomfield dresses it up
2	dresses it up
2	dresses it
1	, it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence
2	it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence
1	tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence
2	to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence
1	speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence
1	speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best ,
2	speculation , conspiracy theories or
2	speculation , conspiracy theories
2	speculation ,
2	conspiracy theories
2	, at best ,
2	at best ,
2	at best
2	circumstantial evidence
0	This movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
2	This movie , a certain scene in particular ,
2	This movie , a certain scene in particular
2	This movie ,
2	This movie
2	a certain scene in particular
2	a certain scene
2	certain scene
2	in particular
0	brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
0	brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch
1	me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch
1	uncomfortably close to losing my lunch
0	close to losing my lunch
0	to losing my lunch
0	losing my lunch
2	my lunch
0	The secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again .
2	The secrets of time travel
2	The secrets
2	of time travel
2	time travel
0	will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again .
1	will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again
1	have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again
0	been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again
1	discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again
2	discovered , indulged in and
3	discovered , indulged in
2	discovered ,
2	indulged in
0	rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again
1	as boring before I see this piece of crap again
0	boring before I see this piece of crap again
0	before I see this piece of crap again
1	I see this piece of crap again
0	see this piece of crap again
0	see this piece of crap
0	this piece of crap
2	this piece
1	of crap
2	Smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong ... it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera .
0	Smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong ... it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera
1	Smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong ...
0	Smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong
0	, artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong
1	artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong
1	, ill-constructed and fatally overlong
0	ill-constructed and fatally overlong
1	and fatally overlong
0	fatally overlong
0	it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera
0	never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera
1	finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera
1	finds a consistent tone and lacks bite ,
1	finds a consistent tone and lacks bite
3	finds a consistent tone and lacks
3	finds a consistent tone and
3	finds a consistent tone
3	a consistent tone
2	consistent tone
0	degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera
1	into a pious , preachy soap opera
1	a pious , preachy soap opera
0	pious , preachy soap opera
1	, preachy soap opera
1	preachy soap opera
1	soap opera
1	Chelsea Walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
2	Chelsea Walls
0	is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
0	is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe
0	a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe
2	a case
0	of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe
1	too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe
2	too many chefs
2	many chefs
1	fussing over too weak a recipe
1	fussing over
1	too weak a recipe
1	too weak
2	a recipe
1	Every joke is repeated at least four times .
2	Every joke
1	is repeated at least four times .
2	is repeated at least four times
1	repeated at least four times
2	at least four times
2	at least
2	four times
1	Every joke is repeated at least four times .
2	Every joke
1	is repeated at least four times .
2	is repeated at least four times
1	repeated at least four times
2	at least four times
2	at least
2	four times
1	Every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?
1	Every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it
1	Every joke is repeated at least --
1	Every joke is repeated at least
2	Every joke
2	is repeated at least
2	repeated at least
2	at least
1	annoying , is n't it
1	annoying ,
2	is n't it
1	is n't
1	Comes across as a fairly weak retooling .
1	Comes across as a fairly weak retooling
2	Comes across
1	as a fairly weak retooling
1	a fairly weak retooling
1	fairly weak retooling
1	fairly weak
1	The lousy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .
1	The lousy lead performances
2	lousy lead performances
3	lead performances
1	... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .
1	keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .
1	keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired
2	keep the movie
2	the movie
1	from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired
1	ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired
3	reaching the comic heights it obviously desired
2	the comic heights it obviously desired
2	the comic heights
2	comic heights
2	it obviously desired
3	obviously desired
1	Its and pieces of The Hot Chick are so hilarious , and Schneider 's performance is so fine , it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess .
3	Its and pieces of The Hot Chick are so hilarious , and Schneider 's performance is so fine
3	Its and pieces of The Hot Chick are so hilarious , and
3	Its and pieces of The Hot Chick are so hilarious ,
3	Its and pieces of The Hot Chick are so hilarious
2	Its and pieces of The Hot Chick
2	Its and pieces
2	Its and
2	of The Hot Chick
2	The Hot Chick
2	Hot Chick
3	are so hilarious
4	so hilarious
4	Schneider 's performance is so fine
2	Schneider 's performance
2	Schneider 's
3	is so fine
2	so fine
0	, it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess .
0	it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess .
0	's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess .
0	's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess
1	's a real shame
0	a real shame
1	real shame
1	that so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess
1	so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess
2	so much of the movie
2	so much
2	of the movie
2	the movie
2	-- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess
2	-- again , as in The Animal --
2	again , as in The Animal --
2	again , as in The Animal
2	, as in The Animal
2	as in The Animal
2	in The Animal
2	The Animal
0	is a slapdash mess
1	a slapdash mess
0	slapdash mess
0	-LRB- Creates -RRB- the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
2	-LRB- Creates -RRB-
2	Creates -RRB-
0	the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
2	the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama
0	the worst kind of mythologizing ,
1	the worst kind of mythologizing
2	the worst kind
0	worst kind
2	of mythologizing
3	the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama
2	the kind
2	that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama
2	sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama
2	real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama
3	real heroism and abject suffering
2	heroism and abject suffering
2	and abject suffering
1	abject suffering
2	for melodrama
0	The movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
2	The movie
1	resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
0	avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
0	avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates
1	avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and
1	avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation ,
2	avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation
3	all the comic possibilities of its situation
2	all the comic possibilities
3	the comic possibilities
3	comic possibilities
2	of its situation
2	its situation
1	becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates
0	one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates
1	one more dumb high school comedy
2	one more
1	dumb high school comedy
2	high school comedy
2	school comedy
1	about sex gags and prom dates
1	sex gags and prom dates
2	gags and prom dates
2	and prom dates
2	prom dates
3	Earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding .
3	Earnest and heartfelt
2	Earnest and
0	but undernourished and plodding .
2	but undernourished and plodding
1	undernourished and plodding
1	undernourished and
1	A sugar-coated Rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .
1	A sugar-coated Rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone
1	A sugar-coated Rocky
1	sugar-coated Rocky
1	whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone
1	valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone
3	valuable messages
2	are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone
1	forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone
1	forgotten 10 minutes
2	10 minutes
2	after the last trombone
2	the last trombone
2	last trombone
2	honks .
1	Romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .
1	keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .
1	keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong
1	adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong
2	flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong
3	flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences --
2	-- artsy fantasy sequences --
3	artsy fantasy sequences --
2	artsy fantasy sequences
2	fantasy sequences
2	that simply feel wrong
1	simply feel wrong
2	feel wrong
1	They cheapen the overall effect .
1	cheapen the overall effect .
1	cheapen the overall effect
2	the overall effect
2	overall effect
1	Has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of General Hospital .
1	Has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of General Hospital
1	all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of General Hospital
3	all the complexity and
2	all the complexity
2	the complexity
3	realistic human behavior of an episode of General Hospital
2	realistic human behavior
2	human behavior
2	of an episode of General Hospital
2	an episode of General Hospital
2	an episode
2	of General Hospital
2	General Hospital
1	An acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism .
2	An acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism
2	An acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but
3	An acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 ,
2	An acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10
3	An acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages
2	acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages
2	way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages
2	to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages
2	pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages
2	pass a little over an hour
2	pass a little
2	a little
2	over an hour
2	an hour
2	with moviegoers ages
2	moviegoers ages
0	it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism
1	's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism
0	unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism
1	to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism
2	inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism
1	inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone
3	anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone
2	anything more
2	than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone
1	a visit to McDonald 's , let alone
2	a visit to McDonald 's ,
2	a visit to McDonald 's
2	a visit
2	to McDonald 's
2	McDonald 's
2	let alone
3	some savvy street activism
3	savvy street activism
2	street activism
2	-LRB- Allen 's -RRB- been making piffle for a long while , and Hollywood Ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now .
1	-LRB- Allen 's -RRB- been making piffle for a long while , and Hollywood Ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
1	-LRB- Allen 's -RRB- been making piffle for a long while , and
0	-LRB- Allen 's -RRB- been making piffle for a long while ,
1	-LRB- Allen 's -RRB- been making piffle for a long while
2	-LRB- Allen 's -RRB-
2	Allen 's -RRB-
2	's -RRB-
1	been making piffle for a long while
1	making piffle for a long while
2	piffle for a long while
2	for a long while
2	a long while
2	long while
1	Hollywood Ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
2	Hollywood Ending
1	may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
1	be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
0	his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
2	his way
1	of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
2	saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
0	that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
1	piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
1	is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
2	is all
1	that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
1	the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
1	the airhead movie business
1	airhead movie business
2	movie business
2	deserves from him right now
2	deserves from him
2	from him
2	right now
0	An exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .
1	An exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound
2	An exercise in cynicism every bit
2	An exercise
1	in cynicism every bit
1	cynicism every bit
2	every bit
1	as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound
0	as ugly as the shabby digital photography and
0	as ugly as the shabby digital photography
0	ugly as the shabby digital photography
0	as the shabby digital photography
0	the shabby digital photography
1	shabby digital photography
3	digital photography
1	muddy sound
1	Not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans .
2	Not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans
1	Not good enough
1	Not good
2	to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans
3	pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans
2	for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans
2	for a litmus test of the generation gap
2	a litmus test of the generation gap
2	a litmus test
2	litmus test
2	of the generation gap
2	the generation gap
2	generation gap
3	and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans
2	not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans
0	bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans
0	bad enough
2	to repulse any generation of its fans
2	repulse any generation of its fans
2	any generation of its fans
2	any generation
2	of its fans
2	its fans
0	The movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .
1	The movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension
0	The movie is silly beyond comprehension , and
3	The movie is silly beyond comprehension ,
1	The movie is silly beyond comprehension
2	The movie
1	is silly beyond comprehension
1	silly beyond comprehension
2	beyond comprehension
1	even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension
2	even if it were n't silly
1	if it were n't silly
2	it were n't silly
2	were n't silly
2	were n't
1	, it would still be beyond comprehension
1	it would still be beyond comprehension
2	would still be beyond comprehension
2	would still
2	be beyond comprehension
2	beyond comprehension
1	Watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when Carol Kane appears on the screen .
0	Watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when Carol Kane appears on the screen
0	Watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say ,
1	Watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say
1	Watchable up until the point
3	Watchable up
2	until the point
2	the point
1	where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say
0	the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say
2	the situations and the dialogue
2	the situations and
2	the situations
2	the dialogue
1	spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say
1	spin hopelessly out
1	hopelessly out
2	of control -- that is to say
2	control -- that is to say
2	control --
2	that is to say
2	is to say
2	to say
2	when Carol Kane appears on the screen
2	Carol Kane appears on the screen
2	Carol Kane
2	appears on the screen
2	on the screen
2	the screen
1	The scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .
2	The scriptwriters
1	are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .
2	are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters
2	are no less
2	no less
2	a menace to society than the film 's characters
1	a menace
2	to society than the film 's characters
2	society than the film 's characters
2	than the film 's characters
2	the film 's characters
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	Merchant has n't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage .
2	has n't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage .
1	has n't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage
2	has n't
1	directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage
1	this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage
2	this movie so much as produced it --
2	this movie so much as produced it
2	this movie
2	so much as produced it
2	so much as
2	much as
2	produced it
2	like sausage
0	The film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .
1	The film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is
2	The film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and
2	The film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes ,
2	The film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes
2	The film
3	has a nearly terminal case of the cutes
2	a nearly terminal case of the cutes
1	a nearly terminal case
1	nearly terminal case
1	nearly terminal
2	of the cutes
2	the cutes
2	it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is
1	's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is
1	neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is
1	as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is
1	as funny nor
3	as funny
2	as charming as it thinks it is
2	as charming
2	as it thinks it is
2	it thinks it is
2	thinks it is
3	it is
1	More a gunfest than a Rock concert .
2	More a gunfest than a Rock concert
2	a gunfest than a Rock concert
2	a gunfest
2	than a Rock concert
2	a Rock concert
2	Rock concert
0	It 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni .
3	's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni .
0	's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni
3	a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni
1	a frightful vanity film
1	frightful vanity film
1	vanity film
2	that , no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni
2	, no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni
2	no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni
2	no doubt
2	, pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni
2	pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni
3	pays off
1	what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni
3	debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni
2	debt Miramax
2	felt they owed to Benigni
2	they owed to Benigni
1	owed to Benigni
2	to Benigni
1	A muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations .
1	A muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations
1	A muddy psychological thriller
1	muddy psychological thriller
1	muddy psychological
1	rife with miscalculations
1	with miscalculations
0	It makes me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
0	makes me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
1	makes me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here
0	me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here
0	say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here
2	say the obvious :
2	say the obvious
2	the obvious
0	Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here
2	all hope of a good movie ye who enter here
2	all hope
3	of a good movie ye who enter here
3	a good movie ye who enter here
3	a good movie ye
2	good movie ye
2	movie ye
2	who enter here
2	enter here
1	It 's not original enough .
1	's not original enough .
1	's not original enough
2	's not
2	original enough
0	A listless sci-fi comedy in which Eddie Murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .
1	A listless sci-fi comedy in which Eddie Murphy deploys two
2	A listless sci-fi comedy
1	listless sci-fi comedy
1	listless sci-fi
2	in which Eddie Murphy deploys two
2	in which
2	Eddie Murphy deploys two
2	Eddie Murphy
2	deploys two
2	guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .
2	guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect
2	guises and
1	elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect
3	elaborate futuristic sets
3	futuristic sets
1	to no particularly memorable effect
1	no particularly memorable effect
3	particularly memorable effect
3	particularly memorable
2	Little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its Summer X Games .
1	Little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its Summer X Games
2	Little more
1	than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its Summer X Games
2	a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its Summer X Games
2	a super-sized infomercial
0	super-sized infomercial
2	for the cable-sports channel and its Summer X Games
2	the cable-sports channel and its Summer X Games
2	the cable-sports channel and
2	the cable-sports channel
2	cable-sports channel
2	its Summer X Games
3	Summer X Games
2	X Games
0	A generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .
1	A generic bloodbath that often becomes
1	A generic bloodbath
2	generic bloodbath
2	that often becomes
2	often becomes
1	laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .
0	unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .
0	unbearable when it is n't merely offensive
1	when it is n't merely offensive
1	it is n't merely offensive
1	is n't merely offensive
1	is n't
1	merely offensive
1	Julie Davis is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .
2	Julie Davis
1	is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .
0	is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent
0	is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors ,
1	is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors
2	the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors
2	the Kathie Lee Gifford
2	Kathie Lee Gifford
2	Lee Gifford
2	of film directors
2	film directors
1	sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent
1	proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent
1	once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent
1	again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent
2	again ego
2	does n't always go hand in hand with talent
2	does n't always
1	does n't
3	go hand in hand with talent
3	go hand in hand
3	hand in hand
2	in hand
3	with talent
0	An unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .
0	An unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
1	An unholy mess ,
0	An unholy mess
1	unholy mess
0	driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
1	driven by the pathetic idea
1	by the pathetic idea
1	the pathetic idea
0	pathetic idea
1	that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
1	if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
2	if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape
1	you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape
1	shoot something on crummy-looking videotape
1	something on crummy-looking videotape
1	on crummy-looking videotape
0	crummy-looking videotape
3	, it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
3	it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
2	must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
3	be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
3	labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
4	` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
2	` hip ' ,
3	` hip '
3	hip '
3	` innovative ' and ` realistic '
4	innovative ' and ` realistic '
3	' and ` realistic '
2	and ` realistic '
3	` realistic '
3	realistic '
0	The story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .
0	The story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile .
0	The story 's pathetic and
0	The story 's pathetic
2	The story
0	's pathetic
0	the gags are puerile .
2	the gags
2	are puerile .
0	are puerile
1	Curiously , Super Troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
1	, Super Troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
1	Super Troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
2	Super Troopers
1	suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
0	suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length
1	because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length
2	it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length
1	does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length
1	does n't
2	have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length
3	enough vices to merit its 103-minute length
2	enough vices
2	to merit its 103-minute length
3	merit its 103-minute length
2	its 103-minute length
2	103-minute length
0	So bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy .
1	So bland and utterly forgettable
1	So bland and
0	So bland
1	utterly forgettable
0	that it might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy .
0	that it might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy
0	it might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy
1	might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy
2	might as well
2	as well
1	have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy
1	been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy
2	titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy
1	Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy
2	Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy
3	Lopez Romantic Comedy
2	Romantic Comedy
2	I was sent a copyof this film to review on DVD .
2	was sent a copyof this film to review on DVD .
2	was sent a copyof this film to review on DVD
2	sent a copyof this film to review on DVD
2	sent a copyof
2	a copyof
2	this film to review on DVD
2	film to review on DVD
1	to review on DVD
2	review on DVD
2	on DVD
2	For free .
2	For free
0	I still want my money back .
0	still want my money back .
0	want my money back .
0	want my money back
2	want my money
2	my money
1	It plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting .
1	plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting .
1	plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting
2	plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption
2	plods along methodically , somehow
2	plods along methodically ,
2	plods along methodically
2	plods along
2	under the assumption
2	the assumption
1	that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting
1	its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting
2	its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework
2	its `` dead wife communicating
2	`` dead wife communicating
2	dead wife communicating
2	wife communicating
2	from beyond the grave '' framework
2	beyond the grave '' framework
2	the grave '' framework
2	grave '' framework
2	'' framework
1	is even remotely new or interesting
2	is even
1	remotely new or interesting
3	new or interesting
2	new or
2	It 's hard to believe that a relationship like Holly and Marina 's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom , and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive .
2	It 's hard to believe that a relationship like Holly and Marina 's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom , and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive
2	It 's hard to believe that a relationship like Holly and Marina 's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom , and
2	It 's hard to believe that a relationship like Holly and Marina 's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom ,
3	It 's hard to believe that a relationship like Holly and Marina 's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom
2	's hard to believe that a relationship like Holly and Marina 's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom
2	hard to believe that a relationship like Holly and Marina 's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom
2	to believe that a relationship like Holly and Marina 's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom
2	believe that a relationship like Holly and Marina 's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom
2	that a relationship like Holly and Marina 's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom
3	a relationship like Holly and Marina 's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom
2	a relationship like Holly and
2	a relationship like Holly
2	a relationship
3	like Holly
2	Marina 's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom
2	Marina 's
2	could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom
2	survive the hothouse emotions of teendom
2	the hothouse emotions of teendom
2	the hothouse emotions
2	hothouse emotions
2	of teendom
1	its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive
2	its longevity
2	gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive
1	more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive
1	more inexplicable
1	as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive
1	the characterizations turn more crassly reductive
2	the characterizations
1	turn more crassly reductive
2	more crassly reductive
1	crassly reductive
1	All too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` Angels With Dirty Faces ' appeared in 1938 .
1	All too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` Angels With Dirty Faces ' appeared in 1938
1	All too familiar ...
2	All too familiar
2	too familiar
1	basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` Angels With Dirty Faces ' appeared in 1938
2	basically the sort of cautionary tale
2	basically the sort
2	the sort
2	of cautionary tale
2	cautionary tale
1	that was old when ` Angels With Dirty Faces ' appeared in 1938
2	was old when ` Angels With Dirty Faces ' appeared in 1938
2	was old
2	when ` Angels With Dirty Faces ' appeared in 1938
2	` Angels With Dirty Faces ' appeared in 1938
2	Angels With Dirty Faces ' appeared in 1938
2	Angels With Dirty Faces
2	With Dirty Faces
3	Dirty Faces
3	' appeared in 1938
3	appeared in 1938
2	in 1938
2	... passable enough for a shoot-out in the o.k. court house of life type of flick .
2	passable enough for a shoot-out in the o.k. court house of life type of flick .
2	passable enough for a shoot-out in the o.k. court house of life type of flick
2	passable enough for a shoot-out in the o.k. court house of life type
2	passable enough for a shoot-out in the o.k. court house
2	passable enough for a shoot-out in the o.k. court
2	passable enough for a shoot-out
2	passable enough
2	for a shoot-out
2	a shoot-out
2	in the o.k. court
2	the o.k. court
2	o.k. court
2	of life type
2	life type
2	of flick
2	Strictly middle of the road .
2	Strictly middle of the road
2	Strictly middle
2	of the road
2	the road
1	Although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .
1	Although purportedly a study in modern alienation
2	purportedly a study in modern alienation
2	a study in modern alienation
2	a study
1	in modern alienation
2	modern alienation
0	, it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .
0	it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .
1	's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .
0	's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out
2	's really
0	little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out
1	little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and
1	little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating
1	little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy ,
1	little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy
2	more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy
1	than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy
1	a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy
2	a particularly slanted ,
2	a particularly slanted
2	particularly slanted
1	gay s\/m fantasy
2	s\/m fantasy
1	deadeningly drawn-out
1	After the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .
3	After the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing
2	the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing
2	the first 10 minutes ,
2	the first 10 minutes
2	first 10 minutes
2	10 minutes
4	which is worth seeing
3	is worth seeing
2	is worth
0	, the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .
1	the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .
2	the movie
0	sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .
0	sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music
1	into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music
0	an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music
1	an abyss
0	of clichés , depression and bad alternative music
1	clichés , depression and bad alternative music
1	clichés , depression and
2	clichés , depression
1	clichés ,
1	bad alternative music
2	alternative music
1	No one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but The Guys still feels counterproductive .
1	No one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but The Guys still feels counterproductive
2	No one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but
2	No one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives ,
2	No one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives
2	No one
2	can doubt the filmmakers ' motives
1	doubt the filmmakers ' motives
2	the filmmakers ' motives
2	the filmmakers '
2	filmmakers '
1	The Guys still feels counterproductive
2	The Guys
1	still feels counterproductive
1	feels counterproductive
1	A very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .
1	A very slow , uneventful
1	very slow , uneventful
1	slow , uneventful
0	, uneventful
1	ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .
1	ride around a pretty tattered old carousel
2	ride around
2	a pretty tattered old carousel
2	pretty tattered old carousel
1	pretty tattered
2	old carousel
0	With little visible talent and no energy , Colin Hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
0	With little visible talent and no energy
0	little visible talent and no energy
1	little visible talent and
1	little visible talent
2	little visible
1	no energy
1	, Colin Hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
0	Colin Hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
2	Colin Hanks
0	is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
0	is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee
1	in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee
1	bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee
2	bad need
1	of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee
1	major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee
1	major acting lessons and
2	major acting lessons
2	acting lessons
2	maybe a little coffee
2	a little coffee
2	little coffee
2	`` Feardotcom '' has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel , but it simply becomes a routine shocker .
1	`` Feardotcom '' has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel , but it simply becomes a routine shocker
1	`` Feardotcom '' has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel , but
3	`` Feardotcom '' has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel ,
3	`` Feardotcom '' has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel
3	Feardotcom '' has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel
3	'' has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel
2	has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel
3	the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel
3	the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies
2	the makings
3	of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies
3	an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies
4	an interesting meditation
3	interesting meditation
3	on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies
2	the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies
2	the ethereal nature
2	ethereal nature
2	of the internet and the otherworldly energies
2	the internet and the otherworldly energies
2	the internet and
2	the internet
2	the otherworldly energies
2	otherworldly energies
3	it could channel
3	could channel
2	it simply becomes a routine shocker
1	simply becomes a routine shocker
2	becomes a routine shocker
1	a routine shocker
2	routine shocker
2	A Meatballs for the bare-midriff generation .
2	A Meatballs for the bare-midriff generation
2	A Meatballs
2	for the bare-midriff generation
2	the bare-midriff generation
3	bare-midriff generation
2	Well-meaning to a fault , Antwone Fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy .
2	Well-meaning to a fault
2	to a fault
1	a fault
2	, Antwone Fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy .
4	Antwone Fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy .
2	Antwone Fisher
3	manages the dubious feat of turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy .
3	manages the dubious feat of turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy
3	the dubious feat of turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy
2	the dubious feat
2	dubious feat
3	of turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy
3	turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy
3	turning one man 's triumph of will
4	one man 's triumph of will
4	one man 's triumph
2	one man 's
2	man 's
2	of will
3	into everyman 's romance comedy
3	everyman 's romance comedy
2	everyman 's
2	romance comedy
1	Seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look , director Fisher Stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in Waking Life water colors .
0	Seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look
0	disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look
1	with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look
1	the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look
0	the lazy material and
0	the lazy material
1	lazy material
1	the finished product 's unshapely look
2	the finished product 's
2	finished product 's
2	product 's
1	unshapely look
1	, director Fisher Stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in Waking Life water colors .
2	director Fisher Stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in Waking Life water colors .
2	director Fisher Stevens
2	Fisher Stevens
2	inexplicably dips key moments from the film in Waking Life water colors .
2	dips key moments from the film in Waking Life water colors .
3	dips key moments from the film in Waking Life water colors
1	dips key moments from the film
1	dips key moments
2	key moments
2	from the film
2	the film
2	in Waking Life water colors
2	Waking Life water colors
2	Life water colors
2	water colors
1	Formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .
2	Formula 51
1	promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .
0	promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip
2	promises a new kind of high but
3	promises a new kind of high
3	a new kind of high
2	a new kind
4	new kind
2	of high
0	delivers the same old bad trip
1	the same old bad trip
1	same old bad trip
1	old bad trip
1	bad trip
1	Everything that was right about Blade is wrong in its sequel .
3	Everything that was right about Blade
2	that was right about Blade
3	was right about Blade
2	right about Blade
2	about Blade
1	is wrong in its sequel .
1	is wrong in its sequel
2	wrong in its sequel
2	in its sequel
2	its sequel
2	A few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film , but the wheezing terrorist subplot has n't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and the protagonists ' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun .
1	A few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film , but the wheezing terrorist subplot has n't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and the protagonists ' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun
2	A few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film , but
2	A few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film ,
3	A few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film
2	A few energetic stunt sequences
2	few energetic stunt sequences
3	energetic stunt sequences
2	stunt sequences
3	briefly enliven the film
2	enliven the film
2	the film
1	the wheezing terrorist subplot has n't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and the protagonists ' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun
0	the wheezing terrorist subplot has n't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and
2	the wheezing terrorist subplot has n't the stamina for the 100-minute running time ,
1	the wheezing terrorist subplot has n't the stamina for the 100-minute running time
1	the wheezing terrorist subplot
1	wheezing terrorist subplot
2	terrorist subplot
1	has n't the stamina for the 100-minute running time
2	has n't
2	the stamina for the 100-minute running time
3	the stamina
2	for the 100-minute running time
2	the 100-minute running time
2	100-minute running time
2	running time
1	the protagonists ' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun
1	the protagonists ' bohemian boorishness
2	the protagonists '
2	protagonists '
1	bohemian boorishness
2	mars the spirit of good clean fun
3	the spirit of good clean fun
3	the spirit
3	of good clean fun
4	good clean fun
3	clean fun
1	The film was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one -LRB- and no one -RRB- .
2	The film
1	was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one -LRB- and no one -RRB- .
0	was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one -LRB- and no one -RRB-
0	was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and
0	was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way
1	was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles :
0	was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles
2	was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and
2	was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher ,
2	was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher
2	produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher
2	produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and
2	produced by Jerry Bruckheimer
2	by Jerry Bruckheimer
2	Jerry Bruckheimer
2	directed by Joel Schumacher
2	by Joel Schumacher
2	Joel Schumacher
1	reflects the worst of their shallow styles
1	the worst of their shallow styles
0	the worst
2	of their shallow styles
1	their shallow styles
1	shallow styles
0	wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way
0	wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step
2	wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated
1	wildly overproduced ,
1	wildly overproduced
1	inadequately motivated
2	every step
2	of the way
2	the way
2	demographically targeted to please every one -LRB- and no one -RRB-
2	targeted to please every one -LRB- and no one -RRB-
2	to please every one -LRB- and no one -RRB-
2	please every one -LRB- and no one -RRB-
1	every one -LRB- and no one -RRB-
2	every one
2	-LRB- and no one -RRB-
3	and no one -RRB-
2	and no one
2	no one
1	Disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
1	again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
0	ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
1	ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel
1	ransacks its archives
2	its archives
1	for a quick-buck sequel
0	a quick-buck sequel
1	quick-buck sequel
0	Coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .
0	Coarse , cliched and clunky
1	, cliched and clunky
1	cliched and clunky
1	cliched and
0	, this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .
0	this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .
1	this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it
2	this trifling romantic comedy
2	trifling romantic comedy
2	romantic comedy
1	in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it
2	in which
1	opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it
2	attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it
2	attract for no better reason
1	for no better reason
2	no better reason
2	better reason
2	than that the screenplay demands it
2	than that
2	the screenplay demands it
2	the screenplay
2	demands it
1	squanders the charms of stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .
2	squanders the charms of stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock
3	the charms of stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock
3	the charms
2	of stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock
2	stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock
2	Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock
2	Grant and Sandra Bullock
2	and Sandra Bullock
2	Sandra Bullock
0	Anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .
0	Anyone who suffers through this film
2	who suffers through this film
1	suffers through this film
3	through this film
2	this film
1	deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .
1	deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy
3	deserves , at the very least ,
2	deserves , at the very least
2	deserves ,
1	at the very least
2	the very least
1	very least
1	a big box of consolation candy
2	a big box
2	big box
2	of consolation candy
2	consolation candy
2	How much you are moved by the emotional tumult of -LRB- François and Michèle 's -RRB- relationship depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them .
2	How much you are moved by the emotional tumult of -LRB- François and Michèle 's -RRB- relationship
2	How much
3	you are moved by the emotional tumult of -LRB- François and Michèle 's -RRB- relationship
3	are moved by the emotional tumult of -LRB- François and Michèle 's -RRB- relationship
3	moved by the emotional tumult of -LRB- François and Michèle 's -RRB- relationship
2	by the emotional tumult of -LRB- François and Michèle 's -RRB- relationship
2	the emotional tumult of -LRB- François and Michèle 's -RRB- relationship
1	the emotional tumult
2	emotional tumult
2	of -LRB- François and Michèle 's -RRB- relationship
2	of -LRB- François and Michèle 's -RRB-
2	-LRB- François and Michèle 's -RRB-
2	François and Michèle 's -RRB-
2	François and Michèle 's
2	François and Michèle
2	François and
2	depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them .
3	depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them
2	a lot on how interesting and likable you find them
2	a lot
2	on how interesting and likable you find them
2	how interesting and likable you find them
3	how interesting and likable
4	interesting and likable
4	interesting and
2	you find them
2	find them
1	They presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .
1	They presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes
3	They presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so
2	They presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented ,
1	They presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson
1	presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson
2	their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson
2	their audience
1	wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson
2	wo n't
2	sit still for a sociology lesson
2	sit still
2	for a sociology lesson
2	a sociology lesson
2	sociology lesson
1	, however entertainingly presented ,
3	however entertainingly presented ,
3	however entertainingly presented
3	entertainingly presented
1	they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes
2	trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes
2	trot out
1	the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes
2	the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and
1	the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters
2	the conventional science-fiction elements
2	conventional science-fiction elements
2	science-fiction elements
2	of bug-eyed monsters
2	bug-eyed monsters
1	futuristic women in skimpy clothes
2	futuristic women
2	in skimpy clothes
2	skimpy clothes
0	Collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .
1	Collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence
1	Collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series
1	after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series
2	30 minutes into a slap-happy series
2	30 minutes
2	into a slap-happy series
3	a slap-happy series
2	slap-happy series
1	of adolescent violence
2	adolescent violence
0	The following things are not at all entertaining : The bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching Seinfeld -LRB- who is also one of the film 's producers -RRB- do everything he can to look like a good guy .
0	The following things are not at all entertaining : The bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching Seinfeld -LRB- who is also one of the film 's producers -RRB- do everything he can to look like a good guy
1	The following things are not at all entertaining :
0	The following things are not at all entertaining
2	The following things
2	following things
0	are not at all entertaining
2	are not at all
2	are not
2	at all
0	The bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching Seinfeld -LRB- who is also one of the film 's producers -RRB- do everything he can to look like a good guy
1	The bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all ,
0	The bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all
1	The bad sound ,
1	The bad sound
1	bad sound
1	the lack of climax and , worst of all
2	the lack
2	of climax and , worst of all
1	climax and , worst of all
2	climax and ,
2	climax and
2	worst of all
2	of all
3	watching Seinfeld -LRB- who is also one of the film 's producers -RRB- do everything he can to look like a good guy
2	Seinfeld -LRB- who is also one of the film 's producers -RRB- do everything he can to look like a good guy
2	Seinfeld -LRB- who is also one of the film 's producers -RRB-
2	-LRB- who is also one of the film 's producers -RRB-
2	who is also one of the film 's producers -RRB-
2	who is also one of the film 's producers
2	is also one of the film 's producers
2	is also
2	one of the film 's producers
2	of the film 's producers
2	the film 's producers
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	do everything he can to look like a good guy
2	everything he can to look like a good guy
2	he can to look like a good guy
2	can to look like a good guy
2	to look like a good guy
2	look like a good guy
3	like a good guy
3	a good guy
3	good guy
1	Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare I say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .
0	Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare I say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident
1	Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare I say , outdated ,
1	Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare I say , outdated
1	Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare I say ,
3	Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare I say
1	Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and ,
1	Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and
1	Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned
2	Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity
2	Attal 's
2	hang-ups surrounding infidelity
2	surrounding infidelity
1	are so old-fashioned
1	so old-fashioned
2	dare I say
2	I say
2	it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident
1	's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident
2	's a wonder
3	a wonder
2	that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident
2	he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident
3	could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident
1	could n't
2	have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident
2	brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident
3	brought something fresher to the proceedings
3	brought something fresher
2	something fresher
2	to the proceedings
2	the proceedings
1	simply by accident
2	by accident
0	Obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .
0	Obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque
2	Obvious ,
1	obnoxious and didactic burlesque
2	and didactic burlesque
2	didactic burlesque
0	The most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .
3	The most surprising thing about this film
3	The most surprising thing
3	most surprising thing
2	most surprising
2	about this film
2	this film
2	is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .
2	is that they are actually releasing it into theaters
1	that they are actually releasing it into theaters
2	they are actually releasing it into theaters
1	are actually releasing it into theaters
2	are actually
2	releasing it into theaters
2	releasing it
2	into theaters
1	Michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .
1	is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .
1	is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously
1	is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet
1	a such a brainless flibbertigibbet
2	such a brainless flibbertigibbet
0	a brainless flibbertigibbet
1	brainless flibbertigibbet
1	that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously
1	it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously
1	's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously
1	hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously
2	to take her spiritual quest at all seriously
2	take her spiritual quest at all seriously
2	take her spiritual quest at all
2	take her spiritual quest
2	her spiritual quest
2	spiritual quest
2	at all
2	Ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies .
2	, clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies .
2	clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies .
2	matters , both in breaking codes and making movies .
2	matters , both in breaking codes and making movies
2	matters ,
1	both in breaking codes and making movies
2	in breaking codes and making movies
2	breaking codes and making movies
2	breaking codes and
3	breaking codes
2	making movies
1	Enigma lacks it .
1	lacks it .
1	lacks it
1	Potty-mouthed enough for PG-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as South Park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
2	Potty-mouthed enough for PG-13
1	Potty-mouthed enough
2	for PG-13
1	, yet not as hilariously raunchy as South Park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
0	yet not as hilariously raunchy as South Park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
2	yet not as hilariously raunchy as South Park
2	not as hilariously raunchy as South Park
4	as hilariously raunchy as South Park
3	hilariously raunchy as South Park
1	raunchy as South Park
1	as South Park
3	South Park
0	, this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
0	this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
1	this strangely schizo cartoon
1	strangely schizo cartoon
1	schizo cartoon
1	seems suited neither to kids or adults .
0	seems suited neither to kids or adults
1	suited neither to kids or adults
1	suited neither
2	to kids or adults
2	kids or adults
2	kids or
2	... has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon does n't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .
2	has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon does n't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .
3	has its moments , but ultimately
3	has its moments
2	its moments
2	, but ultimately
2	, but
1	, its curmudgeon does n't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .
1	its curmudgeon does n't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .
1	its curmudgeon
1	does n't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .
1	does n't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites
1	does n't quite
1	does n't
2	make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites
3	the cut of being placed on any list of favorites
2	the cut
3	of being placed on any list of favorites
3	being placed on any list of favorites
4	placed on any list of favorites
3	on any list of favorites
2	any list of favorites
2	any list
3	of favorites
1	A distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour .
2	A distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour
1	A distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely
1	A distinctly minor effort
1	distinctly minor effort
1	distinctly minor
1	that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely
2	will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely
2	be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely
1	seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely
2	seen to better advantage on cable ,
1	seen to better advantage on cable
2	to better advantage on cable
2	better advantage on cable
2	better advantage
1	on cable
2	especially considering its barely
2	considering its barely
2	considering its
2	feature-length running time of one hour
3	feature-length running time
2	running time
2	of one hour
2	one hour
0	Most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .
2	Most of the movie
2	of the movie
2	the movie
1	is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .
0	is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement
0	is so deadly dull
2	so deadly dull
2	so deadly
0	that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement
0	watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement
1	watching the proverbial paint dry
1	the proverbial paint dry
2	the proverbial paint
2	proverbial paint
3	would be a welcome improvement
2	be a welcome improvement
3	a welcome improvement
2	welcome improvement
1	In the end , Tuck Everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .
2	In the end
2	the end
2	, Tuck Everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .
1	Tuck Everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .
2	Tuck Everlasting
1	falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .
2	falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in
1	falls victim
2	to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in
3	that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in
1	that everlasting conundrum
2	everlasting conundrum
2	experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in
1	by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in
2	every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in
2	every human who ever lived :
2	every human who ever lived
2	every human
2	who ever lived
2	ever lived
1	too much to do , too little time to do it in
1	much to do , too little time to do it in
1	to do , too little time to do it in
2	do , too little time to do it in
2	do , too little time
2	do ,
2	too little time
3	little time
2	to do it in
2	do it in
2	do it
1	Rather less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations .
0	Rather less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations
1	less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations
2	than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations
2	the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations
3	the sum
2	of its underventilated père-fils confrontations
1	its underventilated père-fils confrontations
2	underventilated père-fils confrontations
2	père-fils confrontations
0	McKay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .
0	shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .
1	shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative
2	shows crushingly little curiosity about , or
1	shows crushingly little curiosity about ,
1	shows crushingly little curiosity about
2	crushingly little curiosity about
2	little curiosity about
2	curiosity about
2	is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative
1	ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative
0	to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative
2	examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative
1	examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less
2	examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film ,
2	examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film
2	examine ,
3	the interior lives of the characters in his film
2	the interior lives of the characters
2	the interior lives
2	interior lives
2	of the characters
2	the characters
2	in his film
2	his film
2	much less
2	incorporate them into his narrative
2	incorporate them
2	into his narrative
2	his narrative
1	Plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .
2	Plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line
2	Plays like a series of vignettes --
2	Plays like a series of vignettes
2	like a series of vignettes
2	a series of vignettes
2	a series
2	of vignettes
1	clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line
1	of a film that are still looking for a common through-line
1	a film that are still looking for a common through-line
2	a film
2	that are still looking for a common through-line
1	are still looking for a common through-line
2	are still
2	looking for a common through-line
2	for a common through-line
2	a common through-line
3	common through-line
2	New Yorkers always seem to find the oddest places to dwell ...
2	New Yorkers
2	always seem to find the oddest places to dwell ...
2	seem to find the oddest places to dwell ...
1	seem to find the oddest places to dwell
2	to find the oddest places to dwell
2	find the oddest places to dwell
2	find the oddest places
2	the oddest places
2	oddest places
2	to dwell
1	Amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
2	Amid the shock and curiosity factors
2	the shock and curiosity factors
2	shock and curiosity factors
2	and curiosity factors
3	curiosity factors
1	, the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
1	the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
2	the film
1	is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
1	is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way
2	is just
1	a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way
1	a corny examination
1	corny examination
2	of a young actress trying to find her way
2	a young actress trying to find her way
2	a young actress
2	young actress
2	trying to find her way
2	to find her way
2	find her way
2	her way
1	Yes , Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling .
1	Yes , Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling
3	Yes , Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination , but
4	Yes , Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination ,
3	Yes , Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination
4	, Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination
4	Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination
2	Spirited Away
4	is a triumph of imagination
4	a triumph of imagination
4	a triumph
2	of imagination
2	it 's also a failure of storytelling
2	's also a failure of storytelling
2	's also
0	a failure of storytelling
0	a failure
2	of storytelling
1	A characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie .
2	A characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie
1	A characteristically engorged and sloppy
0	characteristically engorged and sloppy
1	characteristically engorged and
3	characteristically engorged
2	coming-of-age movie
2	A somewhat disappointing and meandering saga .
1	A somewhat disappointing and meandering saga
2	somewhat disappointing and meandering saga
1	somewhat disappointing and meandering
0	disappointing and meandering
1	disappointing and
1	Whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .
2	Whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie
2	you think you 've seen the end of the movie
2	think you 've seen the end of the movie
2	you 've seen the end of the movie
2	've seen the end of the movie
2	seen the end of the movie
2	the end of the movie
2	the end
2	of the movie
2	the movie
2	, we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .
1	we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .
1	cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .
1	cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end
1	to a new scene , which also appears to be the end
2	a new scene , which also appears to be the end
2	a new scene ,
3	a new scene
2	new scene
2	which also appears to be the end
2	also appears to be the end
2	appears to be the end
2	to be the end
2	be the end
2	the end
2	But , no , we get another scene , and then another .
1	, no , we get another scene , and then another .
1	no , we get another scene , and then another .
2	, we get another scene , and then another .
2	we get another scene , and then another .
2	get another scene , and then another .
2	get another scene , and then another
2	another scene , and then another
2	another scene , and then
2	another scene , and
2	another scene ,
2	another scene
0	You begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
1	begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
0	begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain
0	begin to long for the end credits
1	to long for the end credits
1	long for the end credits
1	long for the end
2	for the end
2	the end
2	as the desert does for rain
2	the desert does for rain
2	the desert
2	does for rain
2	for rain
2	An empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility .
1	An empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility
0	An empty , ugly exercise
0	empty , ugly exercise
1	, ugly exercise
1	ugly exercise
0	in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility
2	druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility
1	trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility
1	and trumped-up street credibility
3	trumped-up street credibility
2	street credibility
1	The screenplay , co-written by director Imogen Kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .
2	The screenplay , co-written by director Imogen Kimmel ,
2	The screenplay , co-written by director Imogen Kimmel
2	The screenplay ,
2	The screenplay
2	co-written by director Imogen Kimmel
2	by director Imogen Kimmel
2	director Imogen Kimmel
2	Imogen Kimmel
1	lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .
1	lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing
2	the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing
3	the wit
2	necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing
2	to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing
1	fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing
1	exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing
1	the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing
3	the comic elements of the premise ,
3	the comic elements of the premise
2	the comic elements
3	comic elements
2	of the premise
2	the premise
1	making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing
1	the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing
2	the proceedings
1	more bizarre than actually amusing
1	more bizarre than
1	more bizarre
3	actually amusing
1	The milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .
0	The milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch
1	The milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and
1	The milieu is wholly unconvincing ...
1	The milieu is wholly unconvincing
2	The milieu
1	is wholly unconvincing
1	wholly unconvincing
1	the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch
2	the histrionics
1	reach a truly annoying pitch
0	a truly annoying pitch
0	truly annoying pitch
1	truly annoying
0	Unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .
0	Unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes
1	Unfunny comedy
1	with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes
1	a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes
2	a lot
1	of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes
2	static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes
2	static set ups , not much camera movement , and
1	static set ups , not much camera movement ,
1	static set ups , not much camera movement
1	static set ups ,
2	static set ups
2	set ups
2	not much camera movement
2	much camera movement
2	camera movement
2	most of the scenes
2	of the scenes
2	the scenes
1	take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .
1	take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters
2	take place
1	indoors in formal settings with motionless characters
1	in formal settings with motionless characters
1	formal settings with motionless characters
2	formal settings
1	with motionless characters
1	motionless characters
1	Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .
1	Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time
3	Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but
3	Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea ,
3	Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea
2	Each story
3	is built on a potentially interesting idea
2	built on a potentially interesting idea
3	on a potentially interesting idea
2	a potentially interesting idea
3	potentially interesting idea
3	potentially interesting
1	the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time
2	the first two
2	first two
2	are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time
1	ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time
1	ruined by amateurish writing and acting ,
1	ruined by amateurish writing and acting
0	ruined by amateurish
1	by amateurish
2	writing and acting
2	writing and
1	while the third feels limited by its short running time
1	the third feels limited by its short running time
2	the third
1	feels limited by its short running time
1	limited by its short running time
2	by its short running time
2	its short running time
2	short running time
1	short running
2	Except for Paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for Bartleby 's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion .
2	Except for Paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for Bartleby 's pain
2	for Paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for Bartleby 's pain
2	Paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for Bartleby 's pain
2	as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for Bartleby 's pain
2	the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for Bartleby 's pain
2	the boss
2	who ultimately expresses empathy for Bartleby 's pain
2	ultimately expresses empathy for Bartleby 's pain
2	expresses empathy for Bartleby 's pain
3	expresses empathy
2	for Bartleby 's pain
2	Bartleby 's pain
2	Bartleby 's
1	, the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion .
2	the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion .
2	the performances
1	are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion .
1	are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion
1	so stylized as to be drained of human emotion
2	stylized as to be drained of human emotion
2	as to be drained of human emotion
1	to be drained of human emotion
2	be drained of human emotion
1	drained of human emotion
2	of human emotion
3	human emotion
2	Will no doubt delight Plympton 's legion of fans ; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting .
1	Will no doubt delight Plympton 's legion of fans ; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting
3	Will no doubt delight Plympton 's legion of fans ;
3	Will no doubt delight Plympton 's legion of fans
3	no doubt delight Plympton 's legion of fans
2	no doubt
3	delight Plympton 's legion of fans
2	Plympton 's legion of fans
2	Plympton 's legion
2	Plympton 's
2	of fans
1	others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting
1	may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting
0	find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting
1	80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting
2	80 minutes
1	of these shenanigans exhausting
1	these shenanigans exhausting
2	these shenanigans
1	The laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .
2	The laughs
2	are as rare as snake foo yung .
2	are as rare as snake foo yung
2	as rare as snake foo yung
2	rare as snake foo yung
2	as snake foo yung
2	snake foo yung
2	foo yung
2	For a film that celebrates radical , nonconformist values , What to Do in Case of Fire ?
2	For a film
2	a film
3	that celebrates radical , nonconformist values , What to Do in Case of Fire ?
2	celebrates radical , nonconformist values , What to Do in Case of Fire ?
3	celebrates radical , nonconformist values , What to Do in Case of Fire
2	radical , nonconformist values , What to Do in Case of Fire
2	radical , nonconformist values ,
2	radical , nonconformist values
2	, nonconformist values
2	nonconformist values
2	What to Do in Case of Fire
2	to Do in Case of Fire
2	Do in Case of Fire
1	in Case of Fire
2	Case of Fire
2	of Fire
1	lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .
1	lazily and glumly
2	lazily and
2	settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .
3	settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking
2	into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking
3	a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking
2	a most traditional , reserved kind
2	most traditional , reserved kind
2	most traditional , reserved
2	traditional , reserved
2	, reserved
2	of filmmaking
1	Knockaround Guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up .
2	Knockaround Guys
1	plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up .
0	plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up
1	plays like a student film
1	like a student film
3	a student film
2	student film
2	by two guys who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up
1	two guys who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up
2	two guys
1	who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up
2	desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up
2	want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up
2	to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up
2	be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up
2	Quentin Tarantino when they grow up
2	Quentin Tarantino
2	when they grow up
2	they grow up
2	grow up
1	But they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .
1	they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .
1	lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .
1	lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail
3	their idol 's energy and passion for detail
3	their idol 's energy and passion
2	their idol 's
3	idol 's
2	energy and passion
2	energy and
2	for detail
1	Mattei so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , Love in the Time of Money .
1	so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , Love in the Time of Money .
2	so completely
1	loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , Love in the Time of Money .
1	loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , Love in the Time of Money
1	loses himself to the film 's circular structure
2	loses himself
2	to the film 's circular structure
2	the film 's circular structure
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	circular structure
2	to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , Love in the Time of Money
2	ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , Love in the Time of Money
2	offer any insightful discourse on , well , Love in the Time of Money
2	offer any insightful discourse
2	any insightful discourse
3	insightful discourse
3	on , well , Love in the Time of Money
2	on , well ,
2	on , well
2	on ,
3	Love in the Time of Money
2	in the Time of Money
2	the Time of Money
2	the Time
2	of Money
2	It briefly flirts with player masochism , but the point of real interest - -- audience sadism -- is evaded completely .
1	It briefly flirts with player masochism , but the point of real interest - -- audience sadism -- is evaded completely
1	It briefly flirts with player masochism , but
1	It briefly flirts with player masochism ,
2	It briefly flirts with player masochism
2	briefly flirts with player masochism
2	flirts with player masochism
2	with player masochism
2	player masochism
1	the point of real interest - -- audience sadism -- is evaded completely
2	the point of real interest - -- audience sadism --
1	the point of real interest - -- audience sadism
3	the point of real interest - --
3	the point of real interest -
2	the point
3	of real interest -
3	of real interest
3	real interest
1	audience sadism
1	is evaded completely
1	evaded completely
3	Holland lets things peter out midway , but it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .
2	Holland lets things peter out midway , but it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals
1	Holland lets things peter out midway , but
1	Holland lets things peter out midway ,
2	Holland lets things peter out midway
1	lets things peter out midway
2	things peter out midway
1	peter out midway
2	out midway
4	it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals
3	's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals
2	's notably
3	better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals
2	better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts
3	acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts
2	acted -- and far less crass -
3	-- and far less crass -
3	-- and far less crass
2	-- and
3	far less crass
1	far less
2	than some other recent efforts
2	some other recent efforts
2	other recent efforts
2	recent efforts
2	in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals
2	the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals
2	the burgeoning genre
2	burgeoning genre
2	of films about black urban professionals
2	films about black urban professionals
2	about black urban professionals
1	black urban professionals
2	urban professionals
1	For every articulate player , such as skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman , are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .
2	For every articulate player
3	every articulate player
2	articulate player
2	, such as skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman , are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .
1	such as skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman , are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .
2	such as skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman
2	as skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman
2	skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman
2	skateboarder Tony Hawk or
2	skateboarder Tony Hawk
2	Tony Hawk
2	BMX rider Mat Hoffman
2	rider Mat Hoffman
2	Mat Hoffman
1	, are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .
1	are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .
1	are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence
2	are about a half dozen young Turks
2	about a half dozen young Turks
2	a half dozen young Turks
3	a half dozen
2	half dozen
2	young Turks
0	angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence
1	to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence
1	see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence
1	how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence
2	how many times
2	how many
2	they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence
2	can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence
2	work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence
0	work the words `` radical '' or `` suck ''
1	the words `` radical '' or `` suck ''
2	the words
1	`` radical '' or `` suck ''
1	radical '' or `` suck ''
1	'' or `` suck ''
1	or `` suck ''
1	`` suck ''
2	suck ''
2	into a sentence
2	a sentence
1	There 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .
1	's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .
1	's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale
1	's not a fresh idea
2	's not
3	a fresh idea
2	fresh idea
2	at the core of this tale
2	the core of this tale
2	the core
2	of this tale
2	this tale
1	An impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .
1	An impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle
0	An impenetrable and insufferable ball
0	impenetrable and insufferable ball
1	and insufferable ball
1	insufferable ball
2	of pseudo-philosophic twaddle
1	pseudo-philosophic twaddle
1	It 's unfortunate that Wallace , who wrote Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
0	's unfortunate that Wallace , who wrote Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
1	's unfortunate that Wallace , who wrote Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue
1	's unfortunate
1	that Wallace , who wrote Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue
1	Wallace , who wrote Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue
2	Wallace , who wrote Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor ,
2	Wallace , who wrote Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor
2	Wallace ,
2	who wrote Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor
2	wrote Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor
2	Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor
2	's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor
2	Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor
3	Braveheart as well as
2	as well as
2	well as
2	the recent Pearl Harbor
2	recent Pearl Harbor
2	Pearl Harbor
1	has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue
1	such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue
2	such an irrepressible passion
3	an irrepressible passion
3	irrepressible passion
2	for sappy situations and dialogue
1	sappy situations and dialogue
2	situations and dialogue
2	situations and
3	I liked the movie , but I know I would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further .
3	I liked the movie , but I know I would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further
3	I liked the movie , but
3	I liked the movie ,
3	I liked the movie
3	liked the movie
2	the movie
1	I know I would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further
1	know I would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further
2	I would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further
3	would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further
2	have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further
2	liked it more if it had just gone that one step further
2	it more if it had just gone that one step further
1	more if it had just gone that one step further
1	if it had just gone that one step further
2	it had just gone that one step further
2	had just gone that one step further
2	had just
2	gone that one step further
2	that one step further
3	one step further
2	step further
1	I 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .
1	'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .
1	'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't
1	left slightly disappointed that it did n't
1	left slightly disappointed
1	slightly disappointed
2	that it did n't
1	it did n't
2	did n't
1	Dreary tale of middle-class angst
1	Dreary tale
2	of middle-class angst
2	middle-class angst
1	For a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either .
2	For a movie about the power of poetry and passion
3	a movie about the power of poetry and passion
2	a movie
2	about the power of poetry and passion
3	the power of poetry and passion
3	the power
3	of poetry and passion
3	poetry and passion
2	poetry and
2	, there is precious little of either .
1	there is precious little of either .
0	is precious little of either .
2	is precious little of either
1	precious little of either
2	precious little
2	of either
1	-LRB- Jackson and Bledel -RRB- seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .
2	-LRB- Jackson and Bledel -RRB-
2	Jackson and Bledel -RRB-
2	Jackson and Bledel
2	Jackson and
1	seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .
2	seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd
1	to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd
2	have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd
3	have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and
1	have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks
1	been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks
1	picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks
1	not for their acting chops , but for their looks
1	for their acting chops , but for their looks
2	for their acting chops
2	their acting chops
2	acting chops
2	, but for their looks
2	, but
2	for their looks
2	their looks
2	appeal to the pre-teen crowd
2	to the pre-teen crowd
3	the pre-teen crowd
2	pre-teen crowd
2	Lillard and Cardellini earn their Scooby Snacks , but not anyone else .
2	Lillard and Cardellini earn their Scooby Snacks , but not anyone else
2	Lillard and Cardellini earn their Scooby Snacks , but
3	Lillard and Cardellini earn their Scooby Snacks ,
2	Lillard and Cardellini earn their Scooby Snacks
2	Lillard and Cardellini
2	Lillard and
2	earn their Scooby Snacks
2	their Scooby Snacks
2	Scooby Snacks
2	not anyone else
2	anyone else
1	Like Schindler 's List , The Grey Zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .
3	Like Schindler 's List
2	Schindler 's List
3	Schindler 's
1	, The Grey Zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .
1	The Grey Zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .
2	The Grey Zone
1	Grey Zone
1	attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .
1	attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way
1	attempts to be grandiloquent , but
2	attempts to be grandiloquent ,
2	attempts to be grandiloquent
1	to be grandiloquent
2	be grandiloquent
0	ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way
2	ends up
1	merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way
1	merely pretentious --
1	merely pretentious
1	in a grisly sort of way
2	a grisly sort of way
2	a grisly sort
2	grisly sort
2	of way
0	An unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
0	An unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about
0	An unremittingly ugly movie
0	unremittingly ugly movie
1	unremittingly ugly
3	to look at , listen to , and think about
2	look at , listen to , and think about
2	look at , listen to , and
2	look at , listen to ,
2	look at , listen to
2	look at ,
2	look at
2	listen to
2	think about
0	, it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
1	it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
1	is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
2	is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film
0	quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film
4	quite possibly the sturdiest example yet
4	possibly the sturdiest example yet
3	the sturdiest example yet
3	sturdiest example yet
2	example yet
1	of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film
2	why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film
1	the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film
2	the DV revolution
2	DV revolution
1	has cheapened the artistry of making a film
1	cheapened the artistry of making a film
3	the artistry of making a film
2	the artistry
2	of making a film
2	making a film
2	a film
2	-LRB- Screenwriter -RRB- Pimental took the Farrelly Brothers comedy and feminized it , but it is a rather poor imitation .
1	-LRB- Screenwriter -RRB- Pimental took the Farrelly Brothers comedy and feminized it , but it is a rather poor imitation
2	-LRB- Screenwriter -RRB- Pimental took the Farrelly Brothers comedy and feminized it , but
3	-LRB- Screenwriter -RRB- Pimental took the Farrelly Brothers comedy and feminized it ,
2	-LRB- Screenwriter -RRB- Pimental took the Farrelly Brothers comedy and feminized it
2	-LRB- Screenwriter -RRB- Pimental
2	Screenwriter -RRB- Pimental
2	-RRB- Pimental
2	took the Farrelly Brothers comedy and feminized it
2	took the Farrelly Brothers comedy and
2	took the Farrelly Brothers comedy
2	the Farrelly Brothers comedy
2	Farrelly Brothers comedy
2	Brothers comedy
2	feminized it
1	it is a rather poor imitation
1	is a rather poor imitation
0	a rather poor imitation
2	rather poor imitation
2	rather poor
1	It 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
0	's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
1	's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey
1	's kind of sad
2	kind of sad
2	kind of
1	that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey
1	so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey
2	so many people
2	many people
1	put so much time and energy into this turkey
2	put so much time and energy
2	put so much
2	so much
2	time and energy
2	time and
1	into this turkey
2	this turkey
1	Friday After Next is a lot more bluster than bite .
2	After Next is a lot more bluster than bite .
3	After Next
1	is a lot more bluster than bite .
1	is a lot more bluster than bite
1	a lot more bluster than bite
2	a lot more bluster
2	a lot
1	more bluster
2	than bite
2	Its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up .
1	Its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore
2	Its juxtaposition
1	of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore
1	overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore
0	overwrought existentialism and
1	overwrought existentialism
2	stomach-churning gore
2	will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up .
2	will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up
0	have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up
2	have you
1	forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up
1	on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up
2	the verge of either cracking up or throwing up
2	the verge
0	of either cracking up or throwing up
2	either cracking up or throwing up
2	cracking up or throwing up
2	cracking up or
3	cracking up
1	throwing up
2	A decidedly mixed bag .
2	A decidedly mixed bag
1	decidedly mixed bag
2	decidedly mixed
0	There are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .
0	are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .
0	are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels
0	cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels
0	cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and
0	cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences ,
0	cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences
1	cheesy backdrops ,
1	cheesy backdrops
1	ridiculous action sequences
2	action sequences
2	many tired jokes about men in heels
2	many tired jokes
1	tired jokes
2	about men in heels
2	men in heels
2	in heels
1	Ice Cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but Friday After Next spreads them pretty thin .
1	Ice Cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but Friday After Next spreads them pretty thin
2	Ice Cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but
2	Ice Cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas ,
2	Ice Cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas
2	Ice Cube
2	is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas
1	is n't quite out of ripe
1	is n't
2	quite out of ripe
2	quite out
2	of ripe
1	screwball ideas
1	Friday After Next spreads them pretty thin
3	After Next spreads them pretty thin
3	After Next
1	spreads them pretty thin
2	them pretty thin
2	pretty thin
2	Not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending .
2	Not everything in the film
1	Not everything
2	in the film
2	the film
3	works , including its somewhat convenient ending .
3	works , including its somewhat convenient ending
2	works ,
2	including its somewhat convenient ending
2	its somewhat convenient ending
2	somewhat convenient ending
2	somewhat convenient
1	The characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .
2	The characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations ,
1	The characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations
2	The characters ,
2	The characters
1	cast in impossibly contrived situations
2	in impossibly contrived situations
1	impossibly contrived situations
1	contrived situations
1	are totally estranged from reality .
1	are totally estranged from reality
1	totally estranged from reality
1	estranged from reality
2	from reality
2	Everything else about High Crimes is , like the military system of justice it portrays , tiresomely regimented .
2	Everything else about High Crimes
2	Everything else
2	about High Crimes
2	High Crimes
1	is , like the military system of justice it portrays , tiresomely regimented .
1	is , like the military system of justice it portrays , tiresomely regimented
2	is , like the military system of justice
2	is ,
3	like the military system of justice
2	the military system of justice
2	the military system
2	military system
3	of justice
1	it portrays , tiresomely regimented
1	portrays , tiresomely regimented
1	portrays , tiresomely
2	portrays ,
0	Just dreadful .
1	Just dreadful
0	I do n't blame Eddie Murphy but should n't Owen Wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?
1	I do n't blame Eddie Murphy but should n't
1	do n't blame Eddie Murphy but should n't
1	do n't blame Eddie Murphy but
2	do n't blame Eddie Murphy
2	do n't
1	blame Eddie Murphy
2	Eddie Murphy
2	should n't
1	Owen Wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?
2	Owen Wilson
2	know a movie must have a story and a script ?
2	know a movie must have a story and a script
2	a movie must have a story and a script
2	a movie
2	must have a story and a script
3	have a story and a script
2	a story and a script
2	a story and
2	a story
2	a script
1	Sweet Home Alabama certainly wo n't be remembered as one of -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- better films .
2	Sweet Home Alabama
4	Home Alabama
1	certainly wo n't be remembered as one of -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- better films .
1	wo n't be remembered as one of -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- better films .
1	wo n't be remembered as one of -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- better films
2	wo n't
4	be remembered as one of -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- better films
3	remembered as one of -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- better films
3	as one of -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- better films
3	one of -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- better films
3	of -LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- better films
2	-LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB- better films
2	-LRB- Witherspoon 's -RRB-
2	Witherspoon 's -RRB-
2	Witherspoon 's
1	better films
1	hard as this may be to believe , Here on Earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film .
2	hard as this may be to believe
2	as this may be to believe
2	this may be to believe
2	may be to believe
2	be to believe
2	to believe
2	, Here on Earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film .
2	Here on Earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film .
2	Here on Earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama ,
2	Here on Earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama
2	Here on Earth ,
2	Here on Earth
2	on Earth
2	a surprisingly similar teen drama
2	surprisingly similar teen drama
1	surprisingly similar
2	teen drama
2	was a better film .
3	was a better film
4	a better film
3	better film
0	This is just lazy writing .
0	is just lazy writing .
0	is just lazy writing
0	is just lazy
1	just lazy
1	Even kids deserve better .
2	Even kids
1	deserve better .
1	deserve better
1	The pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie .
1	The pretensions -- and disposable story --
2	The pretensions
1	-- and disposable story --
1	-- and disposable story
2	-- and
1	disposable story
1	sink the movie .
2	sink the movie
2	the movie
1	And Diesel is n't the actor to save it .
1	Diesel is n't the actor to save it .
1	is n't the actor to save it .
2	is n't the actor to save it
1	is n't
2	the actor to save it
2	actor to save it
2	to save it
2	save it
2	Bravo reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of Castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .
1	reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of Castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .
1	reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of Castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda
2	reveals the true intent of her film
2	the true intent of her film
2	the true intent
3	true intent
2	of her film
3	her film
1	by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of Castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda
2	carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of Castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda
1	selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of Castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda
1	interview subjects who will construct a portrait of Castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda
2	interview subjects who will construct a portrait of Castro
2	interview subjects
2	who will construct a portrait of Castro
2	will construct a portrait of Castro
2	construct a portrait of Castro
2	a portrait of Castro
2	a portrait
2	of Castro
1	so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda
1	predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda
1	charitable it can only be seen as propaganda
1	it can only be seen as propaganda
1	can only be seen as propaganda
2	can only
1	be seen as propaganda
1	seen as propaganda
2	as propaganda
2	... a preachy parable stylized with a touch of John Woo bullet ballet .
1	a preachy parable stylized with a touch of John Woo bullet ballet .
2	a preachy parable
1	preachy parable
3	stylized with a touch of John Woo bullet ballet .
3	stylized with a touch of John Woo bullet ballet
2	with a touch of John Woo bullet ballet
2	a touch of John Woo bullet ballet
2	a touch
2	of John Woo bullet ballet
2	John Woo bullet ballet
2	Woo bullet ballet
2	bullet ballet
3	Frank Capra played this story straight .
2	Frank Capra
2	played this story straight .
3	played this story straight
2	played this story
2	this story
0	But the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .
0	the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .
2	the 2002 film
2	2002 film
0	does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .
1	does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes
2	does n't really believe in it , and
1	does n't really believe in it ,
1	does n't really believe in it
2	does n't really
1	does n't
2	believe in it
2	in it
1	breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes
2	breaks the mood
2	the mood
1	with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes
0	absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes
2	absurdly inappropriate
3	` comedy ' scenes
2	comedy ' scenes
2	' scenes
2	How about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ?
0	about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ?
1	about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap
1	starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap
2	starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags
2	with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags
1	a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags
2	a more original story
2	more original story
3	original story
1	instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags
1	of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags
1	just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags
2	just slapping extreme humor and
2	just slapping extreme humor
3	slapping extreme humor
3	extreme humor
1	gross-out gags
1	on top of the same old crap
0	top of the same old crap
1	of the same old crap
0	the same old crap
0	same old crap
0	old crap
0	The problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
2	The problem
0	is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
0	is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull
0	that for the most part , the film is deadly dull
0	for the most part , the film is deadly dull
2	for the most part
2	the most part
2	most part
0	, the film is deadly dull
0	the film is deadly dull
2	the film
0	is deadly dull
0	deadly dull
4	Handled correctly , Wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
3	Handled correctly
4	, Wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
4	Wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
2	Wilde 's play
2	Wilde 's
4	is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
4	is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice
4	a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice
4	a masterpiece
3	of elegant wit and artifice
3	elegant wit and artifice
2	wit and artifice
2	wit and
0	Here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
0	, alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
0	alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
1	, it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
0	it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
0	collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
0	collapses like an overcooked soufflé
1	like an overcooked soufflé
3	an overcooked soufflé
1	overcooked soufflé
0	`` Sorority Boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad .
1	`` Sorority Boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad
2	`` Sorority Boys '' was funnier , and
1	`` Sorority Boys '' was funnier ,
1	`` Sorority Boys '' was funnier
2	Sorority Boys '' was funnier
2	Sorority Boys
2	'' was funnier
2	was funnier
0	that movie was pretty bad
2	that movie
2	was pretty bad
1	pretty bad
1	A bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder
1	A bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads
3	A bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue
2	A bizarre piece
2	bizarre piece
2	of work , with premise and dialogue
2	work , with premise and dialogue
2	work ,
2	with premise and dialogue
2	premise and dialogue
2	premise and
2	at the level of kids ' television and plot threads
2	the level of kids ' television and plot threads
2	the level
2	of kids ' television and plot threads
2	kids ' television and plot threads
2	kids '
2	television and plot threads
2	and plot threads
2	plot threads
1	as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder
2	morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder
2	as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder
2	teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder
2	teen pregnancy ,
2	teen pregnancy
3	rape and suspected murder
1	rape and
2	suspected murder
1	Paul Bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 .
2	Paul Bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1
2	Paul Bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but
3	Paul Bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe ,
3	Paul Bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe
2	Paul Bettany
3	is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe
3	good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe
2	at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe
1	being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe
2	the ultra-violent gangster wannabe
1	ultra-violent gangster wannabe
2	gangster wannabe
1	the movie is certainly not number 1
2	the movie
2	is certainly not number 1
2	is certainly
1	not number 1
3	number 1
2	It 's a gag that 's worn a bit thin over the years , though Do n't Ask still finds a few chuckles .
2	's a gag that 's worn a bit thin over the years , though Do n't Ask still finds a few chuckles .
3	's a gag that 's worn a bit thin over the years , though Do n't Ask still finds a few chuckles
2	a gag that 's worn a bit thin over the years , though Do n't Ask still finds a few chuckles
2	a gag
2	that 's worn a bit thin over the years , though Do n't Ask still finds a few chuckles
2	's worn a bit thin over the years , though Do n't Ask still finds a few chuckles
2	worn a bit thin over the years , though Do n't Ask still finds a few chuckles
1	worn a bit thin over the years ,
1	worn a bit thin over the years
1	worn a bit thin
2	a bit thin
2	a bit
2	over the years
2	the years
3	though Do n't Ask still finds a few chuckles
3	Do n't Ask still finds a few chuckles
2	Do n't Ask still
1	Do n't
2	Ask still
2	finds a few chuckles
2	a few chuckles
2	few chuckles
2	An uplifting drama ... What Antwone Fisher is n't , however , is original .
4	An uplifting drama
3	uplifting drama
1	... What Antwone Fisher is n't , however , is original .
1	What Antwone Fisher is n't , however , is original .
1	What Antwone Fisher is n't , however , is original
2	What Antwone Fisher is n't
2	Antwone Fisher is n't
2	Antwone Fisher
1	is n't
3	, however , is original
3	however , is original
3	, is original
3	is original
3	Often likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy .
1	likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy .
2	likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy
2	likable , but just
2	, but just
2	, but
1	as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy
1	often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy
1	it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy
0	's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy
1	's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments
1	's meandering , low on energy , and too eager
1	meandering , low on energy , and too eager
1	meandering , low on energy , and
1	meandering , low on energy ,
1	meandering , low on energy
2	meandering ,
1	low on energy
2	on energy
2	too eager
2	to be quirky at moments
2	be quirky at moments
3	quirky at moments
2	at moments
2	when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy
2	a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy
3	a little old-fashioned storytelling
2	little old-fashioned storytelling
3	old-fashioned storytelling
2	would come in handy
2	come in handy
2	in handy
0	Certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , Eight Crazy Nights is a total misfire .
0	Certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike
1	to be distasteful to children and adults alike
0	be distasteful to children and adults alike
1	be distasteful to children and adults
2	distasteful to children and adults
2	to children and adults
2	children and adults
2	children and
0	, Eight Crazy Nights is a total misfire .
0	Eight Crazy Nights is a total misfire .
2	Eight Crazy Nights
2	Crazy Nights
0	is a total misfire .
0	is a total misfire
0	a total misfire
1	total misfire
3	Elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side .
3	Elaborate special effects
2	special effects
2	take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side .
1	take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side
2	take centre screen ,
3	take centre screen
2	centre screen
1	so that the human story is pushed to one side
2	that the human story is pushed to one side
1	the human story is pushed to one side
2	the human story
2	human story
2	is pushed to one side
2	pushed to one side
2	to one side
2	one side
1	Showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .
1	Showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
2	Showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but
2	Showtime is n't particularly assaultive ,
2	Showtime is n't particularly assaultive
1	is n't particularly assaultive
1	is n't
2	particularly assaultive
1	it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
1	can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
2	can still
0	make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
0	you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
1	feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
1	that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
0	you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
0	never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
1	want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
1	to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
2	see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
2	see another car chase , explosion or gunfight
2	another car chase , explosion or gunfight
2	car chase , explosion or gunfight
2	chase , explosion or gunfight
2	, explosion or gunfight
2	explosion or gunfight
2	explosion or
1	All the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .
2	All the characters
2	the characters
2	are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .
1	are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams
1	are clinically depressed and
1	are clinically depressed
2	clinically depressed
1	have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams
1	abandoned their slim hopes and dreams
2	their slim hopes and dreams
1	slim hopes and dreams
3	hopes and dreams
2	hopes and
0	This Tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .
2	This Tuxedo
1	... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .
2	should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .
1	should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations
2	have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations
1	been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations
1	sent back to the tailor for some major alterations
1	sent back
1	to the tailor for some major alterations
2	the tailor for some major alterations
2	the tailor
3	for some major alterations
3	some major alterations
2	major alterations
2	I have no problem with `` difficult '' movies , or movies that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out .
2	have no problem with `` difficult '' movies , or movies that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out .
2	have no problem with `` difficult '' movies , or movies that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out
2	no problem with `` difficult '' movies , or movies that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out
2	no problem with `` difficult '' movies , or
2	no problem with `` difficult '' movies ,
2	no problem with `` difficult '' movies
1	no problem
2	with `` difficult '' movies
2	`` difficult '' movies
1	difficult '' movies
2	'' movies
2	movies that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out
2	that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out
2	ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out
3	the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out
2	the audience
1	to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out
2	meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out
2	meet them halfway and
2	meet them halfway
2	meet them
2	connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out
2	connect the dots
2	the dots
2	instead of having things all spelled out
2	of having things all spelled out
2	having things all spelled out
2	having things all
2	things all
2	spelled out
1	But first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
2	first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
1	, you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
1	you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
1	have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
3	to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
2	give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
2	give the audience
2	the audience
2	a reason to want to put for that effort
2	reason to want to put for that effort
2	to want to put for that effort
2	want to put for that effort
2	to put for that effort
2	put for that effort
2	for that effort
2	that effort
1	Been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .
0	Been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better
0	there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better
0	there , done that ... a thousand times already
2	there ,
0	done that ... a thousand times already
1	done that ... a thousand times
2	that ... a thousand times
2	that ...
2	a thousand times
2	thousand times
3	, and better
3	, and
0	What 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .
2	What 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism
1	What 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but
1	What 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast ,
0	What 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast
1	What 's most offensive
1	's most offensive
0	most offensive
2	is n't the waste of a good cast
1	is n't
0	the waste of a good cast
1	the waste
3	of a good cast
3	a good cast
3	good cast
2	the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism
2	the film
1	's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism
1	denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism
1	of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism
1	sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism
2	sincere grief and
2	sincere grief
1	mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism
2	mourning in favor
3	in favor
2	of bogus spiritualism
1	bogus spiritualism
0	Sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .
1	Sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness
1	by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness
1	way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness
2	way too much
2	way too
2	indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness
1	of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness
2	scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness
2	, teeth-gnashing actorliness
1	teeth-gnashing actorliness
1	Fans of Plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .
2	Fans of Plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers
1	Fans of Plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but
3	Fans of Plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film ,
3	Fans of Plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film
2	Fans of Plympton 's shorts
2	of Plympton 's shorts
2	Plympton 's shorts
2	Plympton 's
3	may marginally enjoy the film
2	may marginally
3	enjoy the film
2	the film
1	it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers
1	is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers
1	doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers
1	this listless feature will win him any new viewers
1	this listless feature
2	listless feature
2	will win him any new viewers
2	win him any new viewers
2	win him
2	any new viewers
2	new viewers
2	Barrels along at the start before becoming mired in sentimentality .
2	Barrels along at the start before becoming mired in sentimentality
2	Barrels along at the start
2	Barrels along
2	at the start
2	the start
1	before becoming mired in sentimentality
1	becoming mired in sentimentality
2	mired in sentimentality
2	in sentimentality
0	None of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens .
1	None of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens
1	None of this sounds promising and ,
1	None of this sounds promising and
1	None of this sounds promising
2	None of this
2	of this
3	sounds promising
1	indeed , the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens
0	, the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens
0	the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens
3	the first half of Sorority Boys
2	the first half
2	first half
2	of Sorority Boys
2	Sorority Boys
0	is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens
2	is as appalling as any ` comedy '
0	as appalling as any ` comedy '
0	appalling as any ` comedy '
2	as any ` comedy '
2	any ` comedy '
2	` comedy '
2	comedy '
2	to ever spill from a projector 's lens
1	ever spill from a projector 's lens
2	spill from a projector 's lens
2	from a projector 's lens
2	a projector 's lens
2	a projector 's
3	projector 's
1	The kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
1	The kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
2	The kind
0	of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
1	movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
1	that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
1	leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
1	vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
2	vague impressions and
2	vague impressions
1	a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
0	a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory
2	nasty aftertaste but little clear memory
2	nasty aftertaste but little clear
1	nasty aftertaste but
1	nasty aftertaste
2	little clear
2	of its operational mechanics
2	its operational mechanics
2	operational mechanics
0	` Punch-Drunk Love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '
1	Punch-Drunk Love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '
2	Punch-Drunk Love
0	is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '
0	is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in .
1	is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in
3	is so convinced of its own brilliance
2	so convinced of its own brilliance
1	convinced of its own brilliance
3	of its own brilliance
4	its own brilliance
3	own brilliance
1	that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in
2	that ,
0	if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in
2	if it were a person
2	it were a person
3	were a person
2	a person
2	, you 'd want to smash its face in
1	you 'd want to smash its face in
2	'd want to smash its face in
1	want to smash its face in
1	to smash its face in
1	smash its face in
2	smash its face
3	its face
1	At once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .
1	At once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance
1	At once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and
1	At once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting
1	once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting
1	once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy
1	once overly old-fashioned
1	overly old-fashioned
2	in its sudsy
2	its sudsy
2	heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance
1	in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance
2	its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance
2	effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance
1	to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance
1	modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance
3	modernize it with encomia
2	modernize it
2	with encomia
2	to diversity and tolerance
2	diversity and tolerance
2	diversity and
1	The trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of Showgirls .
2	The trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of Showgirls
0	The trashy teen-sleaze equivalent
1	trashy teen-sleaze equivalent
1	teen-sleaze equivalent
2	of Showgirls
1	While the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how Sand developed a notorious reputation .
3	While the production details are lavish
3	the production details are lavish
2	the production details
2	production details
2	are lavish
1	, film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how Sand developed a notorious reputation .
2	film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how Sand developed a notorious reputation .
2	has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how Sand developed a notorious reputation .
1	has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how Sand developed a notorious reputation
1	has little insight into the historical period and its artists ,
1	has little insight into the historical period and its artists
1	has little insight
2	little insight
2	into the historical period and its artists
2	the historical period and its artists
3	the historical period and
2	the historical period
2	historical period
2	its artists
2	particularly in how Sand developed a notorious reputation
2	in how Sand developed a notorious reputation
2	how Sand developed a notorious reputation
2	Sand developed a notorious reputation
2	developed a notorious reputation
2	a notorious reputation
1	notorious reputation
0	A crass and insulting homage to great films like Some Like It Hot and the John Wayne classics .
0	A crass and insulting homage to great films
1	A crass and insulting homage
0	crass and insulting homage
1	crass and insulting
2	crass and
2	to great films
3	great films
2	like Some Like It Hot and the John Wayne classics .
2	like Some Like It Hot and the John Wayne classics
3	like Some Like It
3	Some Like It
4	Like It
3	Hot and the John Wayne classics
2	Hot and
3	the John Wayne classics
2	John Wayne classics
2	Wayne classics
2	What 's the most positive thing that can be said about the new Rob Schneider vehicle ?
2	's the most positive thing that can be said about the new Rob Schneider vehicle ?
3	's the most positive thing that can be said about the new Rob Schneider vehicle
1	the most positive thing that can be said about the new Rob Schneider vehicle
3	the most positive thing
2	most positive thing
3	most positive
2	that can be said about the new Rob Schneider vehicle
2	can be said about the new Rob Schneider vehicle
2	be said about the new Rob Schneider vehicle
2	said about the new Rob Schneider vehicle
2	about the new Rob Schneider vehicle
2	the new Rob Schneider vehicle
2	new Rob Schneider vehicle
2	Rob Schneider vehicle
2	Schneider vehicle
2	Well , it 's not as pathetic as The Animal .
1	, it 's not as pathetic as The Animal .
3	it 's not as pathetic as The Animal .
1	's not as pathetic as The Animal .
1	's not as pathetic as The Animal
2	's not
1	as pathetic as The Animal
1	pathetic as The Animal
2	as The Animal
2	The Animal
1	With all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... His Secret Life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
2	With all the sympathy
2	all the sympathy
2	the sympathy
1	, empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... His Secret Life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
1	empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... His Secret Life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
2	empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... His Secret Life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles
1	empathy and pity fogging up the screen ...
2	empathy and pity fogging up the screen
2	empathy and pity
2	empathy and
2	fogging up the screen
2	fogging up
2	the screen
1	His Secret Life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles
2	His Secret Life
2	Secret Life
2	enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles
1	the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles
3	the land
1	of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles
1	unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles
1	melodrama and tiresome love triangles
2	and tiresome love triangles
0	tiresome love triangles
2	love triangles
1	The problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up Shum 's good intentions .
0	The problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists
1	The problematic characters and
1	The problematic characters
1	problematic characters
1	overly convenient plot twists
1	overly convenient
2	plot twists
1	foul up Shum 's good intentions .
1	foul up Shum 's good intentions
1	foul up
2	Shum 's good intentions
2	Shum 's
3	good intentions
1	What ` Blade Runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel .
3	What ` Blade Runner ' would
2	` Blade Runner ' would
2	Blade Runner ' would
2	Blade Runner
2	' would
0	've looked like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel .
0	've looked like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel
1	looked like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel
1	like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel
1	as a low-budget series on a UHF channel
1	a low-budget series on a UHF channel
1	a low-budget series
1	low-budget series
2	on a UHF channel
2	a UHF channel
2	UHF channel
1	Has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release .
2	Has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release
1	Has all the values of a straight-to-video movie ,
1	Has all the values of a straight-to-video movie
1	all the values of a straight-to-video movie
2	all the values
2	the values
2	of a straight-to-video movie
1	a straight-to-video movie
1	straight-to-video movie
3	but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release
2	because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release
3	because it has a bigger-name cast
3	it has a bigger-name cast
3	has a bigger-name cast
3	a bigger-name cast
2	bigger-name cast
2	, it gets a full theatrical release
2	it gets a full theatrical release
2	gets a full theatrical release
2	a full theatrical release
2	full theatrical release
2	theatrical release
1	With its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , All About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
1	With its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action
0	its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action
0	lackadaisical plotting and mindless action
1	plotting and mindless action
0	plotting and mindless
2	plotting and
1	, All About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
0	All About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
1	About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
2	About the Benjamins
2	the Benjamins
1	evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
0	evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s
1	evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks
1	the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks
1	the bottom tier
1	bottom tier
1	of blaxploitation flicks
2	blaxploitation flicks
2	from the 1970s
2	the 1970s
3	It never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
3	never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
3	quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
3	quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time
2	quite makes it to the boiling point , but
2	quite makes it to the boiling point ,
2	quite makes it to the boiling point
3	makes it to the boiling point
2	makes it
2	to the boiling point
2	the boiling point
1	boiling point
3	manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time
3	to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time
3	sustain a good simmer for most of its running time
2	sustain a good simmer
3	a good simmer
3	good simmer
2	for most of its running time
2	most of its running time
2	of its running time
2	its running time
2	running time
0	Loud , silly , stupid and pointless .
1	Loud , silly , stupid and pointless
2	Loud ,
1	silly , stupid and pointless
1	, stupid and pointless
0	stupid and pointless
1	stupid and
2	Mandel Holland 's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising , but the performances by Phifer and Black are ultimately winning .
3	Mandel Holland 's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising , but the performances by Phifer and Black are ultimately winning
1	Mandel Holland 's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising , but
1	Mandel Holland 's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising ,
1	Mandel Holland 's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising
1	Mandel Holland 's direction is uninspired , and
1	Mandel Holland 's direction is uninspired ,
1	Mandel Holland 's direction is uninspired
2	Mandel Holland 's direction
2	Mandel Holland 's
2	Holland 's
1	is uninspired
1	his scripting unsurprising
2	his scripting
4	the performances by Phifer and Black are ultimately winning
2	the performances by Phifer and Black
2	the performances
2	by Phifer and Black
2	Phifer and Black
2	Phifer and
3	are ultimately winning
2	are ultimately
0	You 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
1	'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
0	'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie
0	find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie
1	yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie
1	wishing that you and they were in another movie
1	that you and they were in another movie
2	you and they were in another movie
2	you and they
2	you and
2	were in another movie
2	in another movie
2	another movie
0	A yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .
1	yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .
1	little farm melodrama .
1	farm melodrama .
2	melodrama .
1	Did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ?
1	Did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up
1	Did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or
1	Did no one on the set have a sense of humor ,
0	Did no one on the set have a sense of humor
2	Did no one on the set
2	no one on the set
2	no one
2	on the set
2	the set
3	have a sense of humor
2	a sense of humor
2	a sense
2	of humor
1	did they not have the nerve to speak up
3	did they not
2	did they
2	have the nerve to speak up
3	the nerve to speak up
2	nerve to speak up
2	to speak up
2	speak up
1	Seriously , rent the Disney version .
1	, rent the Disney version .
2	rent the Disney version .
1	rent the Disney version
2	the Disney version
2	Disney version
0	As David Letterman and The Onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but Lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .
2	As David Letterman and The Onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but Lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them
2	As David Letterman and The Onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but
3	As David Letterman and The Onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor ,
2	As David Letterman and The Onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor
2	As David Letterman and The Onion have proven
2	David Letterman and The Onion have proven
3	David Letterman and The Onion
2	David Letterman and
2	David Letterman
2	The Onion
2	have proven
3	, the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor
2	the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor
1	the worst of tragedies
0	the worst
2	of tragedies
3	can be fertile sources of humor
3	be fertile sources of humor
2	be fertile
2	sources of humor
2	of humor
1	Lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them
1	has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them
1	only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them
2	only a fleeting grasp
1	a fleeting grasp
2	fleeting grasp
2	of how to develop them
2	how to develop them
2	to develop them
2	develop them
3	Like its parade of predecessors , this Halloween is a gory slash-fest .
2	Like its parade of predecessors
2	its parade of predecessors
2	its parade
2	of predecessors
3	, this Halloween is a gory slash-fest .
2	this Halloween is a gory slash-fest .
2	this Halloween
2	is a gory slash-fest .
1	is a gory slash-fest
1	a gory slash-fest
2	gory slash-fest
2	It ca n't escape its past , and it does n't want to .
1	It ca n't escape its past , and it does n't want to
1	It ca n't escape its past , and
2	It ca n't escape its past ,
1	It ca n't escape its past
2	ca n't escape its past
2	ca n't
2	escape its past
2	its past
2	it does n't want to
1	does n't want to
1	does n't
2	want to
0	`` Abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
0	Abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
0	'' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
0	will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
1	will leave you wanting to abandon the theater
0	leave you wanting to abandon the theater
1	you wanting to abandon the theater
1	wanting to abandon the theater
1	to abandon the theater
1	abandon the theater
2	the theater
1	Problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .
0	is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .
1	is , we have no idea what in creation is going on
2	is ,
1	we have no idea what in creation is going on
1	have no idea what in creation is going on
1	no idea what in creation is going on
2	no idea
2	what in creation is going on
2	in creation is going on
2	in creation
2	is going on
2	going on
3	A live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind .
3	A live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action
2	A live-action cartoon ,
2	A live-action cartoon
1	live-action cartoon
3	a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action
3	a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic
3	fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic
3	fast-moving and cheerfully
3	fast-moving and
1	88 minutes of exaggerated action
2	88 minutes
2	of exaggerated action
1	exaggerated action
1	put together with the preteen boy in mind .
1	put together with the preteen boy in mind
2	put together
2	with the preteen boy in mind
2	the preteen boy in mind
2	the preteen boy
2	preteen boy
2	in mind
1	A loquacious and dreary piece of business .
2	A loquacious and dreary piece of business
1	A loquacious and dreary piece
1	loquacious and dreary piece
1	and dreary piece
1	dreary piece
2	of business
1	What the audience feels is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark -LRB- dark green , to be exact -RRB- , sour , bloody and mean .
2	What the audience feels
2	the audience feels
2	the audience
1	is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark -LRB- dark green , to be exact -RRB- , sour , bloody and mean .
1	is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark -LRB- dark green , to be exact -RRB- , sour , bloody and mean
0	exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark -LRB- dark green , to be exact -RRB- , sour , bloody and mean
1	exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark -LRB- dark green , to be exact -RRB- ,
1	exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark -LRB- dark green , to be exact -RRB-
2	exhaustion ,
2	from watching a movie that is dark -LRB- dark green , to be exact -RRB-
2	watching a movie that is dark -LRB- dark green , to be exact -RRB-
2	a movie that is dark -LRB- dark green , to be exact -RRB-
2	a movie that is dark
2	a movie
1	that is dark
2	is dark
2	-LRB- dark green , to be exact -RRB-
2	dark green , to be exact -RRB-
2	dark green , to be exact
2	dark green ,
2	dark green
2	to be exact
2	be exact
1	sour , bloody and mean
1	, bloody and mean
2	bloody and mean
2	bloody and
0	director Hoffman , his writer and Kline 's agent should serve detention
2	director Hoffman , his writer and Kline 's agent
2	director Hoffman , his writer and
2	director Hoffman , his writer
2	director Hoffman ,
2	director Hoffman
2	his writer
2	Kline 's agent
2	Kline 's
1	should serve detention
2	serve detention
2	Dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery .
2	Dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery
1	Dodgy mixture
3	of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery
3	cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery
3	cutesy romance , dark satire and
2	cutesy romance , dark satire
3	cutesy romance ,
3	cutesy romance
2	dark satire
2	murder mystery
3	Meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off Kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .
3	mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off Kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .
3	mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off Kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant
1	mounted , exasperatingly
2	mounted ,
3	well-behaved film , which ticks off Kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant
2	well-behaved film ,
3	well-behaved film
1	which ticks off Kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant
1	ticks off Kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant
2	ticks off
2	Kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant
2	Kahlo 's lifetime milestones
2	Kahlo 's
3	lifetime milestones
2	with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant
1	the dutiful precision of a tax accountant
2	the dutiful precision
3	dutiful precision
2	of a tax accountant
2	a tax accountant
2	tax accountant
1	Time of Favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
2	Time of Favor
2	of Favor
1	could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
3	could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
3	have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
2	given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
3	given audiences
2	the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
2	the time
1	of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
2	day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
2	by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
3	concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
2	concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation
2	on the elements of a revealing alienation
2	the elements of a revealing alienation
2	the elements
2	of a revealing alienation
2	a revealing alienation
2	revealing alienation
1	among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
1	a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
2	a culture
1	of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
2	people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
1	who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
1	sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
2	are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
2	are at hostile odds with one another
1	at hostile odds with one another
2	hostile odds with one another
2	hostile odds
2	with one another
2	one another
1	through recklessness and retaliation
2	recklessness and retaliation
2	recklessness and
0	I 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .
0	'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .
1	'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
3	'm not
0	sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
1	which will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
1	will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
1	take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
2	take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach
1	longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach
2	to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach
2	heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach
2	heal : the welt
2	heal :
2	the welt
3	on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach
2	Johnny Knoxville 's stomach
2	Johnny Knoxville 's
2	Knoxville 's
1	from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
1	a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
2	a riot-control projectile or
2	a riot-control projectile
2	riot-control projectile
1	my own tortured psyche
3	own tortured psyche
2	tortured psyche
2	While Serving Sara does have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza , there 's nothing here to match that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration .
2	While Serving Sara does have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
2	Serving Sara does have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
2	Serving Sara
1	does have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
1	have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
1	a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
1	long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
1	way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
2	to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
1	go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
2	before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
1	it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
1	reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
2	the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
2	the level
2	of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
1	crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
2	crudity in the latest
3	in the latest
2	the latest
3	Austin Powers extravaganza
2	Powers extravaganza
1	, there 's nothing here to match that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration .
1	there 's nothing here to match that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration .
1	's nothing here to match that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration .
1	's nothing here to match that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration
2	's nothing
2	here to match that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration
3	to match that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration
3	match that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration
3	that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration
2	that movie 's intermittent moments
2	that movie 's
2	movie 's
2	intermittent moments
3	of inspiration
0	I 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen .
0	'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen .
0	'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
3	'm not
0	sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
0	which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
0	is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
0	worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
1	: the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
1	the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
0	the poor acting
0	poor acting
0	by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
0	the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
1	the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or
2	the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida
2	the ensemble cast ,
2	the ensemble cast
3	ensemble cast
1	the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida
1	the flat dialogue
1	flat dialogue
2	by Vincent R. Nebrida
2	Vincent R. Nebrida
2	R. Nebrida
1	the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
1	the gutless direction
1	gutless direction
3	by Laurice Guillen
2	Laurice Guillen
1	The only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .
2	The only reason you should see this movie
1	The only reason
2	only reason
4	you should see this movie
3	should see this movie
4	see this movie
2	this movie
0	is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .
0	is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow
2	if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow
0	you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow
0	have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow
1	have a case of masochism and an hour and a half
1	a case of masochism and an hour and a half
2	a case of masochism and
2	a case of masochism
2	a case
2	of masochism
2	an hour and a half
2	an hour and
2	an hour
2	a half
2	to blow
2	Whatever about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards , someone should dispense the same advice to film directors .
2	Whatever about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards
3	about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards
2	warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards
2	warning kids
2	about the dangers of ouija boards
1	the dangers of ouija boards
1	the dangers
2	of ouija boards
2	ouija boards
1	, someone should dispense the same advice to film directors .
2	someone should dispense the same advice to film directors .
1	should dispense the same advice to film directors .
2	should dispense the same advice to film directors
3	dispense the same advice to film directors
2	dispense the same advice
2	the same advice
2	same advice
2	to film directors
2	film directors
1	As with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
1	As with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type
2	with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type
1	so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type
1	so many merchandised-to-the-max movies
2	so many
2	merchandised-to-the-max movies
2	of this type
2	this type
1	, more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
1	more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
2	more time
2	appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
2	appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else
1	to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else
1	have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else
2	gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else
2	gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and
2	gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes
3	into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes
2	recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes
2	recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars
3	the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars
2	the right bands for the playlist and
2	the right bands for the playlist
2	the right bands
2	right bands
1	for the playlist
2	the playlist
3	the costuming of the stars
2	the costuming
2	of the stars
2	the stars
3	than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes
3	into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes
3	the script , which has a handful of smart jokes
2	the script ,
2	the script
3	which has a handful of smart jokes
3	has a handful of smart jokes
3	a handful of smart jokes
3	a handful
3	of smart jokes
3	smart jokes
1	not much else
2	much else
0	The Irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts .
1	The Irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts
4	The Irwins ' scenes are fascinating ;
3	The Irwins ' scenes are fascinating
2	The Irwins ' scenes
2	The Irwins '
2	Irwins '
3	are fascinating
0	the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts
3	the movie as a whole
2	the movie
2	as a whole
2	a whole
0	is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts
0	cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts
0	cheap junk and
1	cheap junk
2	an insult to their death-defying efforts
1	an insult
2	to their death-defying efforts
2	their death-defying efforts
2	death-defying efforts
1	If routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear .
1	If routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea
2	routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea
1	routine action and jokes like this
2	routine action and jokes
2	action and jokes
3	action and
2	like this
2	are your cup of tea
2	your cup of tea
2	your cup
2	of tea
2	, then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear .
1	then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear .
2	pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear .
1	pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear
2	pay your $ 8 and
2	pay your $ 8
2	pay your
2	$ 8
2	get ready for the big shear
2	get ready
2	for the big shear
3	the big shear
3	big shear
0	This is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
0	is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
0	is one baaaaaaaaad movie
0	one baaaaaaaaad movie
0	baaaaaaaaad movie
4	A man leaving the screening said the film was better than Saving Private Ryan .
2	A man leaving the screening
2	A man
2	leaving the screening
2	the screening
4	said the film was better than Saving Private Ryan .
3	said the film was better than Saving Private Ryan
4	the film was better than Saving Private Ryan
2	the film
3	was better than Saving Private Ryan
3	was better
2	than Saving Private Ryan
2	Saving Private Ryan
2	Private Ryan
2	He may have meant the Internet short Saving Ryan 's Privates .
1	may have meant the Internet short Saving Ryan 's Privates .
2	may have meant the Internet short Saving Ryan 's Privates
1	have meant the Internet short Saving Ryan 's Privates
2	meant the Internet short Saving Ryan 's Privates
2	meant the Internet short
2	the Internet short
3	the Internet
3	Saving Ryan 's Privates
2	Saving Ryan 's
2	Ryan 's
1	But Windtalkers does n't beat that one , either .
2	Windtalkers does n't beat that one , either .
1	does n't beat that one , either .
2	does n't beat that one , either
1	does n't
2	beat that one , either
2	beat that one ,
2	beat that one
2	that one
1	May puzzle his most ardent fans .
1	puzzle his most ardent fans .
1	puzzle his most ardent fans
3	his most ardent fans
2	most ardent fans
3	most ardent
1	Starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .
1	Starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill
3	Starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and
1	Starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie
2	as a tart little lemon drop of a movie
2	a tart little lemon drop of a movie
2	a tart little lemon drop
2	tart little lemon drop
2	little lemon drop
2	lemon drop
2	of a movie
2	a movie
1	ends up as a bitter pill
2	ends up
1	as a bitter pill
1	a bitter pill
1	bitter pill
1	We never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity .
1	We never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity
1	We never feel anything for these characters , and
1	We never feel anything for these characters ,
0	We never feel anything for these characters
1	never feel anything for these characters
2	feel anything for these characters
2	anything for these characters
2	for these characters
2	these characters
2	as a result the film is basically just a curiosity
2	as a result
2	a result
2	the film is basically just a curiosity
2	the film
1	is basically just a curiosity
2	is basically
2	just a curiosity
2	a curiosity
2	Those unfamiliar with Mormon traditions may find The Singles Ward occasionally bewildering .
2	Those unfamiliar with Mormon traditions
2	Those unfamiliar
2	with Mormon traditions
2	Mormon traditions
1	may find The Singles Ward occasionally bewildering .
2	may find The Singles Ward occasionally bewildering
1	find The Singles Ward occasionally bewildering
2	The Singles Ward occasionally bewildering
2	The Singles Ward
2	Singles Ward
2	occasionally bewildering
2	Ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how to pose Madonna .
2	Ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how to pose Madonna
2	Ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but
2	Ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head ,
1	Ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head
1	may not have a novel thought in his head
1	may not
2	have a novel thought in his head
2	a novel thought in his head
2	a novel
2	thought in his head
2	in his head
2	his head
2	he knows how to pose Madonna
2	knows how to pose Madonna
2	how to pose Madonna
2	to pose Madonna
2	pose Madonna
2	The story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long .
1	The story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long
1	The story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and
1	The story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature ,
1	The story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature
2	The story , touching though it is ,
3	The story , touching though it is
2	The story ,
2	The story
2	touching though it is
2	though it is
3	it is
2	does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature
2	does not quite
2	does not
2	have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature
2	have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident
1	enough emotional resonance or variety of incident
2	enough emotional resonance or
2	enough emotional resonance
2	enough emotional
2	variety of incident
2	of incident
2	to sustain a feature
2	sustain a feature
2	a feature
1	even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long
2	at 85 minutes it feels a bit long
2	at 85 minutes
2	85 minutes
1	it feels a bit long
2	feels a bit long
2	feels a bit
2	a bit
1	Feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .
1	like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .
1	like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form
2	the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form
2	the work
1	of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form
1	an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form
2	an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders ,
2	an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders
2	an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights ,
2	an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights
1	an artist who is simply tired --
1	an artist who is simply tired
2	an artist
1	who is simply tired
1	is simply tired
2	is simply
2	of fighting the same fights
1	fighting the same fights
2	the same fights
2	same fights
2	of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders
2	putting the weight of the world on his shoulders
2	the weight of the world on his shoulders
2	the weight
2	of the world on his shoulders
2	the world on his shoulders
2	the world
2	on his shoulders
2	his shoulders
3	of playing with narrative form
2	playing with narrative form
2	with narrative form
2	narrative form
1	While you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet , you 're a Jet all the way , '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight . ''
2	While you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet , you 're a Jet all the way
2	While you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet
3	you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet
3	have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet
2	to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet
3	admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet
2	it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet
3	's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet
3	semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet
2	to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet
3	watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet
2	Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet
2	Robert DeNiro
2	belt out `` When you 're a Jet
2	belt out ``
2	belt out
3	When you 're a Jet
2	you 're a Jet
2	're a Jet
2	a Jet
3	, you 're a Jet all the way
3	you 're a Jet all the way
2	're a Jet all the way
2	a Jet all the way
2	a Jet all
2	a Jet
2	the way
0	, '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight . ''
1	'' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight . ''
1	it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight . ''
2	's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight . ''
1	's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight .
0	's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight
1	's equally distasteful
1	equally distasteful
2	to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight
2	watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight
2	him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight
2	sing the lyrics to `` Tonight
2	sing the lyrics
2	the lyrics
2	to `` Tonight
2	to ``
0	The whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '
0	The whole mess
1	whole mess
0	boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '
0	boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years .
1	boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
2	boils down
1	to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
0	a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
0	a transparently hypocritical work
1	transparently hypocritical work
1	hypocritical work
1	that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
1	feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
2	as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
2	though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
1	it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
1	's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
1	trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
0	to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
1	set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
2	set the women 's liberation movement
2	the women 's liberation movement
2	the women 's
2	women 's
2	liberation movement
2	back 20 years
2	20 years
1	... the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly , Scoob and Shag do n't eat enough during the film . '
2	the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly , Scoob and Shag do n't eat enough during the film . '
3	the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly
2	cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly
2	portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly
3	portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite
2	portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but
4	portrays their cartoon counterparts well ...
3	portrays their cartoon counterparts well
2	portrays their cartoon counterparts
2	their cartoon counterparts
2	cartoon counterparts
1	, Scoob and Shag do n't eat enough during the film . '
1	Scoob and Shag do n't eat enough during the film . '
2	Scoob and Shag
2	Scoob and
2	do n't eat enough during the film . '
2	do n't eat enough during the film .
2	do n't eat enough during the film
2	do n't
2	eat enough during the film
2	eat enough
2	during the film
2	the film
0	More of the same old garbage Hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
0	More of the same old garbage
0	of the same old garbage
0	the same old garbage
0	same old garbage
0	old garbage
1	Hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
1	has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
2	has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now
2	been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now
1	trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now
2	to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now
2	pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now
2	pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time
2	pass off as acceptable teen entertainment
2	pass off
2	as acceptable teen entertainment
2	as acceptable
2	teen entertainment
2	for some time
2	some time
1	TV skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .
1	skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .
2	skit-com material fervently
2	skit-com material
2	deposited on the big screen .
2	deposited on the big screen
2	on the big screen
2	the big screen
2	big screen
1	-LRB- Johnnie To and Wai Ka Fai are -RRB- sure to find an enthusiastic audience among American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
1	Johnnie To and Wai Ka Fai are -RRB- sure to find an enthusiastic audience among American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
2	Johnnie To and Wai Ka Fai are -RRB- sure to find an enthusiastic audience among American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests
1	To and Wai Ka Fai are -RRB- sure to find an enthusiastic audience among American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests
3	and Wai Ka Fai are -RRB- sure to find an enthusiastic audience among American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests
2	and Wai Ka Fai are -RRB-
2	and Wai
2	Ka Fai are -RRB-
2	Ka Fai are
2	Ka Fai
3	sure to find an enthusiastic audience among American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests
1	to find an enthusiastic audience among American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests
3	find an enthusiastic audience among American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests
3	find an enthusiastic audience
3	an enthusiastic audience
3	enthusiastic audience
2	among American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests
2	American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests
2	American action-adventure buffs , but
2	American action-adventure buffs ,
3	American action-adventure buffs
3	action-adventure buffs
2	the film 's interests
2	the film 's
2	film 's
1	may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
2	may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers
1	be too narrow to attract crossover viewers
1	too narrow to attract crossover viewers
2	narrow to attract crossover viewers
2	to attract crossover viewers
2	attract crossover viewers
2	crossover viewers
1	If there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .
1	If there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout
1	there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout
1	was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout
2	was ever
2	a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout
2	a movie
1	where the upbeat ending feels like a copout
1	the upbeat ending feels like a copout
4	the upbeat ending
3	upbeat ending
1	feels like a copout
1	like a copout
1	a copout
3	, this is the one .
3	this is the one .
2	is the one .
3	is the one
2	the one
0	It 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , Mad Cows .
0	's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , Mad Cows .
0	's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , Mad Cows
2	's as sorry
2	as sorry
0	a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , Mad Cows
0	a mess
2	as its director 's diabolical debut , Mad Cows
2	its director 's diabolical debut , Mad Cows
2	its director 's diabolical debut ,
2	its director 's diabolical debut
2	its director 's
2	director 's
2	diabolical debut
2	Mad Cows
1	Any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap .
1	Any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast
2	Any attempts
2	at nuance given by the capable cast
2	nuance given by the capable cast
3	given by the capable cast
2	by the capable cast
3	the capable cast
3	capable cast
1	is drowned out by director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap .
1	is drowned out by director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap
1	drowned out by director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap
1	drowned out
1	by director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap
1	director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap
2	director Jon Purdy 's
2	Jon Purdy 's
2	Purdy 's
2	sledgehammer sap
1	Its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , Steven Soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
0	Its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity
2	Its audacious ambitions
3	audacious ambitions
0	sabotaged by pomposity
2	by pomposity
0	, Steven Soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
1	Steven Soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
2	Steven Soderbergh 's space opera
2	Steven Soderbergh 's
2	Soderbergh 's
2	space opera
1	emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
0	emerges as a numbingly dull experience
0	as a numbingly dull experience
1	a numbingly dull experience
0	numbingly dull experience
0	numbingly dull
1	Despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .
2	Despite some strong performances
4	some strong performances
3	strong performances
1	, never rises above the level of a telanovela .
2	never rises above the level of a telanovela .
3	rises above the level of a telanovela .
2	rises above the level of a telanovela
1	above the level of a telanovela
2	the level of a telanovela
2	the level
2	of a telanovela
2	a telanovela
2	This is a picture that Maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of : it hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool .
3	This is a picture that Maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of : it hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool
3	This is a picture that Maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of :
3	This is a picture that Maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of
3	is a picture that Maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of
2	is a picture
2	a picture
2	that Maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of
3	Maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of
3	Maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man ,
2	Maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man
2	Maik ,
2	the firebrand turned savvy ad man
2	the firebrand
2	turned savvy ad man
2	savvy ad man
2	ad man
3	would be envious of
2	be envious of
2	envious of
2	it hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool
1	hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool
2	hijacks the heat of revolution and
1	hijacks the heat of revolution
2	the heat of revolution
2	the heat
2	of revolution
2	turns it into a sales tool
2	turns it
2	into a sales tool
1	a sales tool
2	sales tool
2	Feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class .
2	Feels slight
3	, as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class .
2	as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class .
2	as if it were an extended short
1	if it were an extended short
2	it were an extended short
2	were an extended short
2	an extended short
2	extended short
2	, albeit one made by the smartest kids in class .
3	albeit one made by the smartest kids in class .
3	albeit one made by the smartest kids in class
2	albeit one
4	made by the smartest kids in class
3	by the smartest kids in class
3	the smartest kids in class
2	the smartest kids
2	smartest kids
2	in class
0	Unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .
2	Unspeakable , of course ,
2	Unspeakable , of course
2	Unspeakable ,
2	of course
2	barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .
2	begins to describe the plot and its complications .
2	begins to describe the plot and its complications
2	to describe the plot and its complications
2	describe the plot and its complications
2	the plot and its complications
2	the plot and
2	the plot
2	its complications
0	Vulgar is too optimistic a title .
1	is too optimistic a title .
2	is too optimistic a title
2	too optimistic a title
2	too optimistic
2	a title
2	The actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect .
2	The actors
1	pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect .
2	pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect
3	pull out all the stops
2	pull out
2	all the stops
2	the stops
1	in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect
1	in nearly every scene
2	nearly every scene
2	every scene
1	, but to diminishing effect
2	, but
2	to diminishing effect
1	diminishing effect
1	The characters never change .
2	The characters
3	never change .
2	change .
1	If The Last Man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
2	If The Last Man were the last movie left on earth
2	The Last Man were the last movie left on earth
2	The Last Man
2	Last Man
2	were the last movie left on earth
2	the last movie left on earth
2	the last movie
2	last movie
2	left on earth
2	on earth
1	, there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
0	there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
1	would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
0	would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows
1	be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows
2	a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows
2	a toss-up
0	between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows
2	presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows
1	presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and
2	presiding over the end of cinema as we know it
2	presiding over the end of cinema
3	over the end of cinema
2	the end of cinema
2	the end
2	of cinema
2	as we know it
2	we know it
2	know it
2	another night of delightful hand shadows
3	another night
3	of delightful hand shadows
3	delightful hand shadows
2	hand shadows
3	Welles groupie\/scholar Peter Bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant William Randolph Hearst .
3	Welles groupie\/scholar Peter Bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant William Randolph Hearst
2	Welles groupie\/scholar Peter Bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but
2	Welles groupie\/scholar Peter Bogdanovich took a long time to do it ,
2	Welles groupie\/scholar Peter Bogdanovich took a long time to do it
2	Welles groupie\/scholar Peter Bogdanovich
2	groupie\/scholar Peter Bogdanovich
2	Peter Bogdanovich
2	took a long time to do it
2	took a long time
2	a long time
2	long time
2	to do it
2	do it
2	he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant William Randolph Hearst
2	's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant William Randolph Hearst
2	's finally
2	provided his own broadside at publishing giant William Randolph Hearst
1	provided his own broadside
2	his own broadside
2	own broadside
2	at publishing giant William Randolph Hearst
2	publishing giant William Randolph Hearst
3	giant William Randolph Hearst
2	William Randolph Hearst
2	Randolph Hearst
1	Makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place .
1	Makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place
1	Makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it
1	Makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes ,
2	Makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes
1	Makes the same mistake as the music industry
1	the same mistake as the music industry
1	the same mistake
2	same mistake
2	as the music industry
2	the music industry
2	music industry
2	it criticizes
2	becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it
1	so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it
3	so slick and
2	so slick
1	watered-down it almost loses what made you love it
1	it almost loses what made you love it
2	almost loses what made you love it
1	loses what made you love it
3	what made you love it
3	made you love it
3	you love it
4	love it
2	in the first place
3	the first place
3	first place
0	Even as I valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , I could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
0	Even as I valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious
1	as I valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious
0	I valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious
1	valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious
0	struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious
2	to remain interested , or at least conscious
1	remain interested , or at least conscious
2	interested , or at least conscious
2	interested , or
2	interested ,
2	at least conscious
2	at least
0	, I could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
0	I could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
2	could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
1	could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy
0	feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy
0	feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ...
1	feel my eyelids ... getting ... very
2	feel my eyelids ... getting ...
2	feel my eyelids ... getting
1	my eyelids ... getting
2	my eyelids ...
2	my eyelids
0	A bad movie that happened to good actors .
0	A bad movie that
0	A bad movie
0	bad movie
2	happened to good actors .
3	happened to good actors
3	to good actors
3	good actors
1	Boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .
2	eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .
2	eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome
2	eye-catching art direction but
3	eye-catching art direction
2	art direction
1	has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome
1	a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome
2	a forcefully quirky tone
2	forcefully quirky tone
2	quirky tone
1	that quickly wears out its limited welcome
1	quickly wears out its limited welcome
1	wears out its limited welcome
1	wears out
2	its limited welcome
2	limited welcome
3	Screenwriter Dan Schneider and director Shawn Levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .
3	Screenwriter Dan Schneider and director Shawn Levy
2	Dan Schneider and director Shawn Levy
2	Schneider and director Shawn Levy
2	and director Shawn Levy
2	director Shawn Levy
2	Shawn Levy
2	substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .
1	substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite
2	volume and primary colors for humor and bite
2	volume and primary colors
2	and primary colors
2	primary colors
3	for humor and bite
3	humor and bite
3	humor and
0	Oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .
1	Oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama that
1	Oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama
1	Oversexed , at times
2	Oversexed ,
2	at times
1	overwrought comedy\/drama
0	offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .
1	offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single
1	offers little insight
2	little insight
2	into the experience of being forty , female and single
2	the experience of being forty , female and single
2	the experience
2	of being forty , female and single
2	being forty , female and single
2	forty , female and single
2	, female and single
2	female and single
2	female and
0	That such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .
0	That such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one
1	such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one
0	such a horrible movie
0	a horrible movie
0	horrible movie
2	could have sprung from such a great one
3	have sprung from such a great one
3	sprung from such a great one
3	from such a great one
3	such a great one
3	a great one
3	great one
0	is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .
0	is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies
1	one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies
1	of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies
0	the year 's worst cinematic tragedies
2	the year 's
2	year 's
0	worst cinematic tragedies
1	cinematic tragedies
1	It all starts to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
1	all starts to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
1	starts to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
1	starts to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television
1	to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television
2	smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television
2	smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame ,
1	smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame
2	of a Hallmark Hall of Fame
3	a Hallmark Hall of Fame
2	a Hallmark Hall
2	Hallmark Hall
2	of Fame
1	with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television
1	a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television
2	a few four letter words
2	few four letter words
2	four letter words
2	letter words
2	thrown in that are generally not heard on television
3	in that are generally not heard on television
2	that are generally not heard on television
2	are generally not heard on television
2	are generally
2	not heard on television
2	heard on television
2	on television
0	Rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .
1	has a film 's title served such dire warning .
1	has a film 's title served such dire warning
1	a film 's title served such dire warning
2	a film 's title
2	a film 's
2	film 's
2	served such dire warning
2	such dire warning
2	dire warning
1	If you saw Benigni 's Pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
2	If you saw Benigni 's Pinocchio at a public park
2	you saw Benigni 's Pinocchio at a public park
2	saw Benigni 's Pinocchio at a public park
2	Benigni 's Pinocchio at a public park
2	Benigni 's Pinocchio
2	Benigni 's
2	at a public park
2	a public park
2	public park
1	, you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
0	you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
0	'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
1	'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police
1	grab your kids and run and then probably call the police
1	grab your kids and run and then
2	grab your kids and run and
0	grab your kids and run
2	grab your kids and
2	grab your kids
3	your kids
2	probably call the police
2	call the police
2	the police
2	The animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but Jonah ... never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment .
3	The animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but Jonah ... never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment
3	The animation is competent , and
3	The animation is competent ,
3	The animation is competent
2	The animation
3	is competent
2	some of the gags are quite funny , but Jonah ... never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment
2	some of the gags
2	of the gags
2	the gags
2	are quite funny , but Jonah ... never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment
3	are quite funny , but Jonah ...
3	are quite funny , but Jonah
2	are quite funny , but
3	are quite funny ,
3	are quite funny
4	quite funny
1	never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment
3	shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment
3	the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment
1	the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality
3	oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality
2	oppressive , morally superior
2	, morally superior
2	morally superior
3	good-for-you quality
2	that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment
2	almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment
2	automatically accompanies didactic entertainment
2	accompanies didactic entertainment
1	didactic entertainment
2	The pace of the film is very slow -LRB- for obvious reasons -RRB- and that too becomes off-putting .
1	The pace of the film is very slow -LRB- for obvious reasons -RRB- and that too becomes off-putting
1	The pace of the film is very slow -LRB- for obvious reasons -RRB- and
1	The pace of the film is very slow -LRB- for obvious reasons -RRB-
2	The pace of the film
2	The pace
2	of the film
2	the film
1	is very slow -LRB- for obvious reasons -RRB-
1	is very slow
1	very slow
2	-LRB- for obvious reasons -RRB-
2	for obvious reasons -RRB-
2	for obvious reasons
2	obvious reasons
2	that too becomes off-putting
1	too becomes off-putting
1	becomes off-putting
1	Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear .
3	Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
3	Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but
3	Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal give strong and convincing performances ,
4	Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal give strong and convincing performances
2	Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal
2	Wollter and Ms. Seldhal
2	and Ms. Seldhal
2	Ms. Seldhal
4	give strong and convincing performances
4	strong and convincing performances
3	strong and convincing
3	strong and
1	neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
2	reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
3	into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
2	the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
2	the deepest recesses
1	deepest recesses
2	of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
3	the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
2	character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
2	to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
3	unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
3	the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
2	the quaking essence
2	quaking essence
3	of passion , grief and fear
1	passion , grief and fear
2	, grief and fear
2	grief and fear
2	grief and
1	Shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .
2	Shafer 's feature
2	Shafer 's
0	does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .
1	does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting
1	does n't
2	offer much in terms of plot or acting
2	offer much
2	in terms of plot or acting
2	terms of plot or acting
2	of plot or acting
2	plot or acting
2	plot or
1	In his role of observer of the scene , Lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
2	In his role of observer of the scene
2	his role of observer of the scene
2	his role
2	of observer of the scene
2	observer of the scene
2	of the scene
2	the scene
0	, Lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
1	Lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
1	sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
0	sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature
1	sounds whiny and defensive ,
1	sounds whiny and defensive
1	whiny and defensive
1	whiny and
2	as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature
2	if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature
2	his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature
3	his life-altering experiences
2	life-altering experiences
1	made him bitter and less mature
2	him bitter and less mature
1	bitter and less mature
2	bitter and
3	less mature
1	-LRB- T -RRB- he ideas of Revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution
2	-LRB- T -RRB- he ideas of Revolution # 9
2	-LRB- T -RRB- he
2	-LRB- T -RRB-
2	T -RRB-
2	ideas of Revolution # 9
2	of Revolution # 9
2	Revolution # 9
2	# 9
3	are more compelling than the execution
2	more compelling than the execution
2	compelling than the execution
2	than the execution
1	the execution
1	The film did n't convince me that Calvin Jr. 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side .
2	The film
1	did n't convince me that Calvin Jr. 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side .
1	did n't convince me that Calvin Jr. 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side
2	did n't
2	convince me that Calvin Jr. 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side
2	convince me
3	that Calvin Jr. 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side
3	Calvin Jr. 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side
2	Calvin Jr. 's Barbershop
2	Calvin Jr. 's
2	Jr. 's
3	represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side
2	represents some sort of beacon of hope
3	some sort of beacon of hope
2	some sort
2	of beacon of hope
3	beacon of hope
3	of hope
2	in the middle of Chicago 's South Side
2	the middle of Chicago 's South Side
2	the middle
2	of Chicago 's South Side
2	Chicago 's South Side
2	Chicago 's
2	South Side
1	What happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?
1	happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?
1	happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares
1	when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares
1	something goes bump in the night and nobody cares
1	goes bump in the night and nobody cares
1	bump in the night and nobody cares
1	bump in the night and nobody
2	in the night and nobody
2	the night and nobody
2	night and nobody
2	night and
1	Despite some comic sparks , Welcome to Collinwood never catches fire .
2	Despite some comic sparks
3	some comic sparks
3	comic sparks
1	, Welcome to Collinwood never catches fire .
1	Welcome to Collinwood never catches fire .
2	Welcome to Collinwood
2	to Collinwood
2	never catches fire .
2	catches fire .
2	catches fire
1	Director George Hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .
0	Director George Hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place
2	Director George Hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but
3	Director George Hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries ,
3	Director George Hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries
2	Director George Hickenlooper
2	George Hickenlooper
3	has had some success with documentaries
3	had some success with documentaries
3	some success with documentaries
3	some success
2	with documentaries
1	here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place
1	here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and
1	here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad ,
1	here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad
1	his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad
2	his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements
2	his sense
0	of story and his juvenile camera movements
1	story and his juvenile camera movements
2	story and
2	his juvenile camera movements
1	juvenile camera movements
3	camera movements
1	smack of a film school undergrad
2	of a film school undergrad
1	a film school undergrad
1	film school undergrad
2	school undergrad
1	his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place
1	his maudlin ending
1	maudlin ending
1	might not have gotten him into film school in the first place
2	might not
2	have gotten him into film school in the first place
2	gotten him into film school in the first place
2	gotten him
2	into film school in the first place
2	film school in the first place
2	film school
2	in the first place
3	the first place
3	first place
1	Shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .
1	Shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling
3	Shows moments of promise but
3	Shows moments of promise
3	moments of promise
3	of promise
1	ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling
1	succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling
1	to cliches and pat storytelling
0	cliches and pat storytelling
1	and pat storytelling
2	pat storytelling
1	Even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .
3	accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .
2	accepting this in the right frame of mind
3	this in the right frame of mind
2	in the right frame of mind
3	the right frame of mind
2	the right frame
2	right frame
2	of mind
1	can only provide it with so much leniency .
2	can only provide it with so much leniency
2	can only
2	provide it with so much leniency
2	provide it
2	with so much leniency
1	so much leniency
2	so much
3	Some Body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .
2	Some Body
1	is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .
1	is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves
2	a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves
1	a shaky , uncertain film
1	shaky , uncertain film
1	, uncertain film
2	uncertain film
3	that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves
2	nevertheless touches a few raw nerves
2	touches a few raw nerves
2	a few raw nerves
2	few raw nerves
2	raw nerves
1	All the small moments and flashbacks do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .
3	All the small moments and flashbacks
2	All the small moments and
2	All the small moments
3	the small moments
2	small moments
1	do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .
1	do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition
2	do n't
2	add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition
2	add up
1	to much more than trite observations on the human condition
2	much more than trite observations on the human condition
3	much more than
2	more than
2	trite observations on the human condition
3	observations on the human condition
2	on the human condition
2	the human condition
2	human condition
1	-LRB- A -RRB- stale retread of the '53 original .
1	-LRB- A -RRB- stale retread of the '53 original
2	-LRB- A -RRB-
2	A -RRB-
1	stale retread of the '53 original
1	stale retread
2	of the '53 original
2	the '53 original
2	'53 original
1	One thing 's for sure -- if George Romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
0	One thing 's for sure -- if George Romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
2	One thing 's for sure --
2	One thing 's for sure
2	One thing
2	's for sure
3	for sure
1	if George Romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
2	if George Romero had directed this movie
2	George Romero had directed this movie
2	George Romero
2	had directed this movie
2	directed this movie
2	this movie
1	, it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
1	it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
0	would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
2	would n't
1	have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
1	taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
0	taken the protagonists a full hour
2	the protagonists a full hour
2	the protagonists
2	a full hour
2	full hour
2	to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
2	determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
2	that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
2	in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
2	in order to kill a zombie
2	in order
2	to kill a zombie
2	kill a zombie
2	a zombie
1	you must shoot it in the head
0	must shoot it in the head
0	shoot it in the head
2	shoot it
2	in the head
2	the head
0	For dance completists only .
2	dance completists only .
2	completists only .
2	completists only
0	Spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations
1	Spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune ,
1	Spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune
1	Spreads itself too thin ,
1	Spreads itself too thin
2	itself too thin
1	too thin
2	leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune
2	these actors , as well as the members of the commune
2	these actors , as well as
2	these actors ,
2	these actors
2	as well as
2	well as
2	the members of the commune
2	the members
2	of the commune
2	the commune
3	short of profound characterizations
3	of profound characterizations
4	profound characterizations
1	It would n't matter so much that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .
0	would n't matter so much that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .
0	would n't matter so much that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
2	would n't
2	matter so much that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
1	so much that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
2	so much
0	that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
0	this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
1	this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe
1	arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe
2	Richard Pryor wannabe
1	Pryor wannabe
0	's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
1	routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
1	is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
0	is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed
1	offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed
1	offensive , puerile and
1	offensive , puerile
2	offensive ,
1	unimaginatively foul-mouthed
2	if it was at least funny
3	it was at least funny
3	was at least funny
3	at least funny
2	at least
1	The locale ... remains far more interesting than the story at hand .
2	The locale
2	... remains far more interesting than the story at hand .
2	remains far more interesting than the story at hand .
2	remains far more interesting than the story at hand
3	far more interesting than the story at hand
3	far more interesting
3	more interesting
2	than the story at hand
2	the story at hand
2	the story
2	at hand
2	Yo , it 's The Days Of Our Lives meets Electric Boogaloo .
2	Yo , it 's The Days Of Our Lives
2	, it 's The Days Of Our Lives
2	it 's The Days Of Our Lives
2	's The Days Of Our Lives
2	The Days Of Our Lives
2	The Days
2	Of Our Lives
2	Our Lives
2	meets Electric Boogaloo .
2	meets Electric Boogaloo
2	Electric Boogaloo
0	I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere .
0	I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere
1	I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and
2	I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long
2	I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes ,
1	I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes
2	liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes
2	liked the original short story but this movie ,
2	liked the original short story but this movie
2	the original short story but this movie
2	the original short story
2	original short story
2	short story
2	but this movie
2	this movie
2	even at an hour and twenty-some minutes
2	at an hour and twenty-some minutes
2	an hour and twenty-some minutes
2	an hour and
2	an hour
2	twenty-some minutes
1	it 's too long
1	's too long
1	too long
1	it goes nowhere
2	goes nowhere
0	This little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .
2	This little film
2	little film
0	is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .
1	is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation
2	is so
0	slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation
1	done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation
1	done , so primitive in technique ,
1	done , so primitive in technique
2	done ,
1	so primitive in technique
2	primitive in technique
2	in technique
1	that it ca n't really be called animation
1	it ca n't really be called animation
1	ca n't really be called animation
2	ca n't really
2	ca n't
3	be called animation
2	called animation
0	Makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .
2	Makes 98 minutes
2	98 minutes
1	feel like three hours .
1	feel like three hours
2	like three hours
2	three hours
1	Hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .
1	Hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours ,
2	Hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours
2	Hawke 's film ,
2	Hawke 's film
2	Hawke 's
0	a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours
0	a boring , pretentious waste
0	boring , pretentious waste
0	boring , pretentious
1	, pretentious
2	of nearly two hours
2	nearly two hours
2	nearly two
0	does n't tell you anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .
0	does n't tell you anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
1	does n't
0	tell you anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
3	tell you
0	anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
1	except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
2	that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
1	the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
2	the Chelsea Hotel today
2	Chelsea Hotel today
2	Hotel today
0	is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
0	populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
1	by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
0	whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
0	whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented
1	, pathetic , starving and untalented
0	pathetic , starving and untalented
1	, starving and untalented
1	starving and untalented
1	starving and
1	Aspires to the cracked lunacy of The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like The Adventures of Ford Fairlane .
1	Aspires to the cracked lunacy of The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script
1	to the cracked lunacy of The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script
1	the cracked lunacy of The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script
2	the cracked lunacy of The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai , but
2	the cracked lunacy of The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai ,
2	the cracked lunacy of The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai
2	the cracked lunacy of The Adventures
2	the cracked lunacy
1	cracked lunacy
2	of The Adventures
2	The Adventures
2	of Buckaroo Banzai
2	Buckaroo Banzai
1	thanks to an astonishingly witless script
2	to an astonishingly witless script
0	an astonishingly witless script
2	astonishingly witless script
1	witless script
2	ends up more like The Adventures of Ford Fairlane .
2	ends up more like The Adventures of Ford Fairlane
2	ends up more
2	up more
2	like The Adventures of Ford Fairlane
2	The Adventures of Ford Fairlane
2	The Adventures
2	of Ford Fairlane
2	Ford Fairlane
1	Real-life strongman Ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .
2	Real-life strongman Ahola
2	strongman Ahola
1	lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .
2	lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders
0	lacks the charisma and ability
3	the charisma and ability
3	charisma and ability
3	charisma and
2	to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders
3	carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders
3	carry the film
2	the film
2	on his admittedly broad shoulders
2	his admittedly broad shoulders
2	admittedly broad shoulders
2	admittedly broad
0	The title , alone , should scare any sane person away .
2	The title
1	, alone , should scare any sane person away .
1	alone , should scare any sane person away .
1	, should scare any sane person away .
1	should scare any sane person away .
0	should scare any sane person away
0	scare any sane person away
2	scare any sane person
2	any sane person
3	sane person
1	Low comedy does n't come much lower .
1	Low comedy
1	does n't come much lower .
2	does n't come much lower
1	does n't
2	come much lower
2	much lower
1	Appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites .
2	Appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9
1	Appropriately cynical social commentary aside ,
3	Appropriately cynical social commentary aside
3	Appropriately cynical social commentary
2	Appropriately cynical
2	social commentary
2	# 9
1	never quite ignites .
1	never quite
2	ignites .
0	It 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins .
0	's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins .
1	's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins
1	crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins
2	on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins
1	a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins
2	a leash --
2	a leash
3	far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins
1	too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins
2	polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins
3	to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins
2	scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins
2	the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins
2	the lunatic heights
2	lunatic heights
2	of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins
3	Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins
2	Joe Dante 's
2	Dante 's
3	similarly styled Gremlins
2	similarly styled
1	One of the most depressing movie-going experiences I can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .
0	One of the most depressing movie-going experiences I can think of
1	of the most depressing movie-going experiences I can think of
0	the most depressing movie-going experiences I can think of
1	the most depressing movie-going experiences
0	most depressing movie-going experiences
1	most depressing
2	movie-going experiences
2	I can think of
2	can think of
2	think of
0	is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .
1	is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once
0	to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once
0	sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once
0	sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh
0	through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh
1	about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh
2	about 90 minutes
2	about 90
1	of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh
1	a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh
2	a so-called ` comedy ' and
1	a so-called ` comedy '
1	so-called ` comedy '
2	` comedy '
2	comedy '
2	not laugh
1	This is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .
2	is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .
1	is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream
2	the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream
2	the kind of movie
2	the kind
2	of movie
1	where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream
2	the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream
2	the big scene
2	big scene
2	is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream
2	a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream
2	a man
1	shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream
2	shot out of a cannon
2	shot out
2	of a cannon
2	a cannon
2	into a vat of ice cream
2	a vat of ice cream
2	a vat
2	of ice cream
2	ice cream
2	Let 's face it -- there are n't many reasons anyone would want to see Crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears .
1	Let 's face it -- there are n't many reasons anyone would want to see Crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears
3	Let 's face it --
2	Let 's face it
2	Let 's
2	face it
0	there are n't many reasons anyone would want to see Crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears
0	are n't many reasons anyone would want to see Crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears
1	are n't
2	many reasons anyone would want to see Crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears
2	many reasons
2	anyone would want to see Crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears
1	would want to see Crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears
2	want to see Crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears
2	to see Crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears
1	see Crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears
3	see Crossroads
1	if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears
2	they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears
1	're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears
2	're not
2	big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears
3	big fans
2	of teen pop kitten Britney Spears
2	teen pop kitten Britney Spears
2	pop kitten Britney Spears
2	kitten Britney Spears
2	Britney Spears
0	A loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .
1	A loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy
0	A loud , brash and mainly unfunny
1	loud , brash and mainly unfunny
1	, brash and mainly unfunny
1	brash and mainly unfunny
1	and mainly unfunny
1	mainly unfunny
2	high school comedy
2	school comedy
1	An exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as Katzenberg 's The Prince of Egypt from 1998 .
0	An exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work
0	An exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit
1	exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit
1	exceptionally dreary and overwrought
1	dreary and overwrought
1	dreary and
2	of work
3	, every bit as imperious as Katzenberg 's The Prince of Egypt from 1998 .
3	every bit as imperious as Katzenberg 's The Prince of Egypt from 1998 .
2	every bit as imperious as Katzenberg
1	every bit as imperious
2	bit as imperious
1	as imperious
3	as Katzenberg
3	's The Prince of Egypt from 1998 .
2	's The Prince of Egypt from 1998
2	The Prince of Egypt from 1998
2	The Prince
2	of Egypt from 1998
3	Egypt from 1998
2	from 1998
0	The movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .
2	The movie
1	is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .
1	is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory
2	is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies
3	is so resolutely
2	so resolutely
1	cobbled together out of older movies
2	cobbled together out
2	cobbled together
2	of older movies
2	older movies
1	that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory
1	it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory
1	even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory
1	uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory
1	uses a totally unnecessary prologue ,
2	uses a totally unnecessary prologue
2	a totally unnecessary prologue
0	totally unnecessary prologue
2	totally unnecessary
1	just because it seems obligatory
2	because it seems obligatory
2	it seems obligatory
2	seems obligatory
1	The movie 's vision of a white American zealously spreading a Puritanical brand of Christianity to South Seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .
2	The movie 's vision of a white American zealously spreading a Puritanical brand of Christianity to South Seas islanders
2	The movie 's vision
2	The movie 's
2	movie 's
2	of a white American zealously spreading a Puritanical brand of Christianity to South Seas islanders
2	a white American zealously spreading a Puritanical brand of Christianity to South Seas islanders
2	a white American zealously
2	white American zealously
2	American zealously
2	spreading a Puritanical brand of Christianity to South Seas islanders
1	spreading a Puritanical brand of Christianity
3	a Puritanical brand of Christianity
2	a Puritanical brand
2	Puritanical brand
2	of Christianity
3	to South Seas islanders
2	South Seas islanders
2	Seas islanders
1	is one only a true believer could relish .
2	is one only a true believer could relish
3	one only a true believer could relish
2	only a true believer could relish
2	only a true believer
3	a true believer
3	true believer
3	could relish
0	Maid in Manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
2	Maid in Manhattan
2	in Manhattan
1	proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
1	proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
2	that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
1	it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
1	's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
1	's easier to change the sheets
2	's easier
2	to change the sheets
2	change the sheets
2	the sheets
1	than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
1	to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
1	change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
1	change hackneyed concepts
1	hackneyed concepts
2	when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
2	it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
3	comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
2	to dreaming up romantic comedies
3	dreaming up romantic comedies
2	dreaming up
2	romantic comedies
1	A fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .
1	A fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special
1	A fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length
2	fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length
1	fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless
2	fairly harmless but
3	fairly harmless
0	ultimately lifeless
2	afterschool special
2	I ca n't remember the last time I saw a movie where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .
0	ca n't remember the last time I saw a movie where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .
1	ca n't remember the last time I saw a movie where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail
2	ca n't
1	remember the last time I saw a movie where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail
0	the last time I saw a movie where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail
2	the last time
2	last time
2	I saw a movie where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail
1	saw a movie where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail
2	saw a movie
2	a movie
2	where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail
1	I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail
2	wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail
3	wanted so badly for the protagonist
2	wanted so badly
1	so badly
2	for the protagonist
2	the protagonist
2	to fail
1	... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .
1	the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .
2	the whole thing
3	whole thing
3	succeeded only in making me groggy .
0	succeeded only in making me groggy
1	only in making me groggy
1	in making me groggy
1	making me groggy
2	making me
1	Like most of Jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .
1	Like most of Jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand
3	Like most of Jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but
3	Like most of Jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting ,
3	Like most of Jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting
2	Like most of Jaglom 's films
2	most of Jaglom 's films
2	of Jaglom 's films
2	Jaglom 's films
2	Jaglom 's
3	, some of it is honestly affecting
3	some of it is honestly affecting
2	some of it
2	of it
4	is honestly affecting
3	is honestly
2	more of it seems contrived and secondhand
2	more of it
2	of it
1	seems contrived and secondhand
1	contrived and secondhand
2	contrived and
1	One long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff Yuen has given us before .
1	One long
1	, numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff Yuen has given us before .
1	numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff Yuen has given us before .
2	numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff Yuen
2	numbing action sequence
2	action sequence
2	made up mostly of routine stuff Yuen
2	made up mostly
2	made up
1	of routine stuff Yuen
1	routine stuff Yuen
2	stuff Yuen
2	has given us before .
2	has given us before
2	given us before
2	us before
1	Forgettable , if good-hearted , movie .
3	, if good-hearted , movie .
3	if good-hearted , movie .
3	if good-hearted
2	, movie .
2	movie .
1	The film 's most improbable feat ?
2	The film
2	's most improbable feat ?
2	's most improbable feat
2	most improbable feat
1	most improbable
2	It did n't go straight to video .
2	did n't go straight to video .
2	did n't go straight to video
2	did n't
1	go straight to video
2	go straight
3	to video
0	... about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .
0	about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .
0	about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season
0	about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams
0	as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams
1	as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball
1	exciting to watch as two last-place basketball
2	to watch as two last-place basketball
2	watch as two last-place basketball
2	as two last-place basketball
2	two last-place basketball
1	last-place basketball
2	playing one another on the final day of the season
2	playing one another
2	one another
2	on the final day of the season
3	the final day of the season
2	the final day
2	final day
2	of the season
2	the season
1	The Chateau ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .
2	The Chateau
1	... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .
1	is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .
2	is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters
1	less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters
1	less concerned with cultural and political issues
2	concerned with cultural and political issues
2	with cultural and political issues
2	cultural and political issues
2	and political issues
2	political issues
2	than doting on its eccentric characters
2	doting on its eccentric characters
2	on its eccentric characters
2	its eccentric characters
2	eccentric characters
0	Cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
0	Cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment
1	Cruel and
0	inhuman cinematic punishment
0	cinematic punishment
1	... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
0	simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
0	degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
0	degrades its characters , its stars and its audience
2	its characters , its stars and its audience
2	its characters , its stars and
2	its characters , its stars
2	its characters ,
2	its characters
2	its stars
2	its audience
3	It 's not too fast and not too slow .
3	's not too fast and not too slow .
2	's not too fast and not too slow
2	's not
2	too fast and not too slow
2	too fast and
1	too fast
2	not too slow
1	too slow
2	It 's not too racy and it 's not too offensive .
2	It 's not too racy and it 's not too offensive
3	It 's not too racy and
2	It 's not too racy
2	's not too racy
2	's not
1	too racy
2	it 's not too offensive
2	's not too offensive
2	's not
1	too offensive
1	It 's not too much of anything .
1	's not too much of anything .
1	's not too much of anything
2	's not
2	too much of anything
2	much of anything
2	of anything
1	The great pity is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home .
1	The great pity
1	great pity
1	is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home .
1	is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home
0	that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home
1	those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home
2	those responsible
0	did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home
2	did n't
0	cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home
0	cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and
1	cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash ,
0	cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash
1	cut their losses -- and ours -- and
2	cut their losses -- and ours --
1	cut their losses
2	their losses
2	-- and ours --
2	-- and ours
2	-- and
1	retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash
1	it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash
0	The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash
2	The Adventures
1	of Direct-to-Video Nash
2	Direct-to-Video Nash
2	send it to its proper home
2	send it
3	to its proper home
3	its proper home
3	proper home
2	About as original as a gangster sweating bullets while worrying about a contract on his life .
0	About as original as a gangster sweating
2	About as original
3	as original
2	as a gangster sweating
2	a gangster sweating
2	gangster sweating
2	bullets while worrying about a contract on his life .
2	bullets while worrying about a contract on his life
2	while worrying about a contract on his life
2	worrying about a contract on his life
2	about a contract on his life
2	a contract on his life
2	a contract
2	on his life
2	his life
1	An empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal .
2	An empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal
1	An empty shell
2	empty shell
2	of an epic rather than the real deal
2	an epic rather than the real deal
3	an epic rather than
3	an epic
2	rather than
3	the real deal
2	real deal
2	We could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product .
1	could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product .
2	could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product
1	have expected a little more human being , and a little less product
2	expected a little more human being , and a little less product
1	a little more human being , and a little less product
1	a little more human being , and
2	a little more human being ,
2	a little more human being
2	little more human being
2	little more human
2	more human
1	a little less product
2	little less product
2	little less
1	Instead of using George and Lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , Lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics .
2	Instead of using George and Lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks
3	of using George and Lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks
2	using George and Lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks
3	George and Lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks
2	George and Lucy 's most obvious differences
2	George and
2	Lucy 's most obvious differences
2	Lucy 's
2	most obvious differences
2	most obvious
3	to ignite sparks
3	ignite sparks
1	, Lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics .
1	Lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics .
1	desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics .
1	looks elsewhere , seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics .
2	looks elsewhere , seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics
2	looks elsewhere ,
1	looks elsewhere
1	seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics
2	on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics
2	George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics
1	George 's haplessness and
1	George 's haplessness
2	George 's
2	Lucy 's personality tics
2	Lucy 's
2	personality tics
2	Whether Quitting will prove absorbing to American audiences is debatable .
3	Whether Quitting will prove absorbing to American audiences
4	Quitting will prove absorbing to American audiences
3	will prove absorbing to American audiences
3	prove absorbing to American audiences
3	absorbing to American audiences
2	to American audiences
2	American audiences
2	is debatable .
2	is debatable
0	Becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't .
2	Becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't
2	Becomes a bit of a mishmash :
1	Becomes a bit of a mishmash
2	Becomes a bit
2	a bit
1	of a mishmash
1	a mishmash
0	a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't
2	a tearjerker that does n't and
2	a tearjerker that does n't
3	a tearjerker
2	that does n't
1	does n't
2	a thriller that wo n't
3	a thriller
2	that wo n't
2	wo n't
1	Family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .
1	Family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance
2	Family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ...
1	Family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition
3	Family togetherness
2	takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition
2	takes a back seat
2	a back seat
2	back seat
2	to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition
2	inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition
2	rivalry and workplace ambition
2	and workplace ambition
3	workplace ambition
1	whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance
2	whole subplots
2	have no explanation or even plot relevance
1	no explanation or even plot relevance
1	no explanation or even
2	no explanation or
1	no explanation
2	plot relevance
1	Grant is n't Cary and Bullock is n't Katherine .
1	Grant is n't Cary and Bullock is n't Katherine
2	Grant is n't Cary and
2	Grant is n't Cary
2	is n't Cary
1	is n't
2	Bullock is n't Katherine
2	is n't Katherine
1	is n't
1	Like a fish that 's lived too long , Austin Powers in Goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
1	Like a fish that 's lived too long
1	a fish that 's lived too long
2	a fish
1	that 's lived too long
2	's lived too long
2	lived too long
1	too long
1	, Austin Powers in Goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
1	Austin Powers in Goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
2	Austin Powers in Goldmember
2	Austin Powers
2	in Goldmember
2	has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
1	has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places
1	has some unnecessary parts and
1	has some unnecessary parts
1	some unnecessary parts
2	unnecessary parts
1	is kinda wrong in places
1	kinda wrong in places
1	kinda wrong
2	in places
3	Two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .
1	Two tedious
3	acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .
4	acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending
2	acts light
3	on great scares and a good surprise ending
3	great scares and a good surprise ending
3	great scares and
3	great scares
3	a good surprise ending
4	good surprise ending
2	surprise ending
1	Shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .
2	should stop trying to please his mom .
1	should stop trying to please his mom
2	stop trying to please his mom
3	trying to please his mom
2	to please his mom
2	please his mom
2	his mom
0	The entire movie is in need of a scented bath .
2	The entire movie
2	entire movie
1	is in need of a scented bath .
1	is in need of a scented bath
1	in need of a scented bath
1	need of a scented bath
2	of a scented bath
2	a scented bath
2	scented bath
1	I 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - Arnold is not , nor will he be , back .
1	I 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - Arnold is not , nor will he be , back
2	I 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal -
2	I 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal
2	'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal
2	sorry to say that this should seal the deal
2	to say that this should seal the deal
2	say that this should seal the deal
3	that this should seal the deal
2	this should seal the deal
2	should seal the deal
3	seal the deal
2	the deal
1	Arnold is not , nor will he be , back
1	is not , nor will he be , back
2	is not , nor will he be ,
1	is not
2	, nor will he be ,
2	nor will he be ,
2	nor will he be
2	will he be
2	will he
0	The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .
0	The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult
0	The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and
0	The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film ,
1	The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
2	The story of Trouble Every Day ...
2	The story of Trouble Every Day
2	The story of Trouble
2	The story
2	of Trouble
2	Every Day
1	is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
0	so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
1	sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
1	it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
1	amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
2	to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
1	little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
2	little more
2	than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
3	preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
2	preliminary notes
2	for a science-fiction horror film
2	a science-fiction horror film
2	science-fiction horror film
2	horror film
1	the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult
2	the movie 's fragmentary narrative style
2	the movie 's
2	movie 's
1	fragmentary narrative style
2	narrative style
1	makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult
1	piecing the story together frustrating difficult
0	the story together frustrating difficult
2	the story
1	together frustrating difficult
1	together frustrating
1	A Movie to Forget
2	A Movie
2	to Forget
0	For all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1\/2 - hour running time .
2	For all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture
2	all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture
2	of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture
3	its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture
2	its insights
2	into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture
2	the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture
2	the dream world of teen life , and
2	the dream world of teen life ,
3	the dream world of teen life
2	the dream world
2	dream world
2	of teen life
2	teen life
3	its electronic expression through cyber culture
2	its electronic expression
2	electronic expression
2	through cyber culture
2	cyber culture
1	, the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1\/2 - hour running time .
0	the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1\/2 - hour running time .
2	the film
2	gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1\/2 - hour running time .
0	gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1\/2 - hour running time
1	no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1\/2 - hour running time
0	no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1\/2 -
1	no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1\/2
1	no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out
1	no quarter to anyone
1	no quarter
2	to anyone
1	seeking to pull a cohesive story out
2	to pull a cohesive story out
3	pull a cohesive story out
2	pull a cohesive story
3	a cohesive story
3	cohesive story
2	of its 2 1\/2
2	its 2 1\/2
2	2 1\/2
2	hour running time
2	running time
1	Enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre .
1	is not a bad movie , just mediocre .
2	is not a bad movie , just mediocre
1	is not
0	a bad movie , just mediocre
0	a bad movie ,
0	a bad movie
0	bad movie
2	just mediocre
0	The performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .
1	The performances are so overstated
2	The performances
1	are so overstated
2	are so
1	, the effect comes off as self-parody .
2	the effect comes off as self-parody .
2	the effect
1	comes off as self-parody .
2	comes off as self-parody
2	comes off
2	as self-parody
1	It looks good , but it is essentially empty .
1	It looks good , but it is essentially empty
2	It looks good , but
3	It looks good ,
3	It looks good
3	looks good
0	it is essentially empty
2	is essentially empty
2	essentially empty
1	The film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .
2	The film
1	never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .
1	finds its tone and several scenes run too long .
2	finds its tone and several scenes run too long
3	finds its tone and several scenes run
2	its tone and several scenes run
2	tone and several scenes run
2	and several scenes run
2	several scenes run
2	scenes run
1	too long
1	The idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run .
2	The idea
1	is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run .
0	is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
1	more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
0	interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
1	than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
0	the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
2	the screenplay ,
2	the screenplay
0	which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
0	lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
0	lags badly
1	in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
0	the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
0	the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and
1	the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics
1	middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics
1	and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics
1	lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics
1	lurches between not-very-funny comedy
2	between not-very-funny comedy
1	not-very-funny comedy
1	, unconvincing dramatics
2	unconvincing dramatics
3	some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
2	some last-minute action strongly reminiscent
2	some last-minute action
3	last-minute action
1	strongly reminiscent
2	of Run Lola Run
2	Run Lola Run
2	Lola Run
1	Van Wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .
2	Van Wilder
2	has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .
1	has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest
1	has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and
1	has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break
2	has a built-in audience ,
2	has a built-in audience
2	a built-in audience
3	built-in audience
1	but only among those who are drying out from spring break
2	but only
2	among those who are drying out from spring break
3	those who are drying out from spring break
2	who are drying out from spring break
2	are drying out from spring break
2	drying out from spring break
1	drying out
2	from spring break
2	spring break
3	are still unconcerned about what they ingest
2	are still
1	unconcerned about what they ingest
2	about what they ingest
2	what they ingest
2	they ingest
1	It 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .
1	's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .
1	's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby
0	hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby
1	to believe that something so short could be so flabby
1	believe that something so short could be so flabby
1	that something so short could be so flabby
2	something so short could be so flabby
1	so short could be so flabby
1	so short
1	could be so flabby
2	be so flabby
1	so flabby
1	Do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?
2	Do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice
2	Do we really
2	Do we
3	need another film that praises female self-sacrifice
2	another film that praises female self-sacrifice
2	another film
2	that praises female self-sacrifice
3	praises female self-sacrifice
2	female self-sacrifice
1	The major problem with Windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .
1	The major problem with Windtalkers
1	The major problem
1	major problem
2	with Windtalkers
2	is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .
2	is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character
1	that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character
2	the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character
2	the bulk of the movie
2	the bulk
2	of the movie
2	the movie
2	centers on the wrong character
2	on the wrong character
2	the wrong character
2	wrong character
2	Tennessee Williams by way of Oprah 's Book Club .
1	Tennessee Williams by way of Oprah 's Book Club
2	Tennessee Williams by way
2	Tennessee Williams
2	by way
2	of Oprah 's Book Club
2	Oprah 's Book Club
3	Oprah 's
2	Book Club
2	So verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it plays like the standard made-for-TV movie .
1	So verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland
1	So verbally flatfooted and
1	So verbally flatfooted
1	verbally flatfooted
1	so emotionally predictable or bland
1	emotionally predictable or bland
1	predictable or bland
1	predictable or
1	that it plays like the standard made-for-TV movie .
2	that it plays like the standard made-for-TV movie
1	it plays like the standard made-for-TV movie
1	plays like the standard made-for-TV movie
1	like the standard made-for-TV movie
1	the standard made-for-TV movie
2	standard made-for-TV movie
1	made-for-TV movie
1	The entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .
1	The entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense
1	The entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and
1	The entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere ,
2	The entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere
2	The entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course ,
2	The entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course
2	The entire point of a shaggy dog story ,
1	The entire point of a shaggy dog story
2	The entire point
2	entire point
2	of a shaggy dog story
2	a shaggy dog story
2	shaggy dog story
2	dog story
2	of course
1	is that it goes nowhere
1	that it goes nowhere
1	it goes nowhere
2	goes nowhere
1	this is classic nowheresville in every sense
0	is classic nowheresville in every sense
2	classic nowheresville in every sense
2	classic nowheresville
2	in every sense
2	every sense
0	Stale and clichéd to a fault .
1	Stale and clichéd to a fault
0	Stale and
1	clichéd to a fault
2	to a fault
1	a fault
1	This film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .
2	This film
1	is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .
1	is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own
1	is too busy
1	too busy
1	hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own
1	all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own
1	of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own
2	its assigned marks to take on any life of its own
2	assigned marks to take on any life of its own
1	marks to take on any life of its own
2	to take on any life of its own
2	take on any life of its own
2	on any life of its own
2	any life of its own
2	any life
2	of its own
3	its own
1	Watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .
0	Watching junk like this
0	Watching junk
2	like this
2	induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .
2	induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard
1	induces a kind of abstract guilt ,
2	induces a kind of abstract guilt
1	a kind of abstract guilt
3	a kind
2	of abstract guilt
2	abstract guilt
2	as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard
2	if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard
2	if you were paying dues for good books unread
2	you were paying dues for good books unread
1	were paying dues for good books unread
2	paying dues for good books unread
2	dues for good books unread
2	for good books unread
2	good books unread
2	books unread
3	, fine music never heard
1	fine music never heard
4	fine music
2	never heard
2	The script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of ` hypertime ' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for Spy Kids .
2	The script
2	feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of ` hypertime ' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for Spy Kids .
2	feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of ` hypertime ' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for Spy Kids
2	feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of ` hypertime '
1	as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of ` hypertime '
2	if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of ` hypertime '
2	it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of ` hypertime '
2	started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of ` hypertime '
2	to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of ` hypertime '
2	explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of ` hypertime '
2	the obvious voyeuristic potential of ` hypertime '
2	the obvious voyeuristic potential
2	obvious voyeuristic potential
2	voyeuristic potential
2	of ` hypertime '
3	` hypertime '
2	hypertime '
3	but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for Spy Kids
1	then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for Spy Kids
2	backed off when the producers saw the grosses for Spy Kids
1	backed off
2	when the producers saw the grosses for Spy Kids
1	the producers saw the grosses for Spy Kids
2	the producers
2	saw the grosses for Spy Kids
2	saw the grosses
3	the grosses
2	for Spy Kids
2	Spy Kids
1	Starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker Yvan Attal quickly writes himself into a corner .
2	Starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker Yvan Attal quickly writes himself into a corner
3	Starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it --
2	Starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it
3	Starts off witty and sophisticated and you
3	Starts off witty and sophisticated and
3	Starts off witty and sophisticated
3	off witty and sophisticated
4	witty and sophisticated
3	witty and
2	want to love it
2	to love it
4	love it
1	but filmmaker Yvan Attal quickly writes himself into a corner
1	filmmaker Yvan Attal quickly writes himself into a corner
2	filmmaker Yvan Attal
2	Yvan Attal
1	quickly writes himself into a corner
2	writes himself into a corner
2	writes himself
2	into a corner
2	a corner
1	Some Like It Hot on the Hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
1	Like It Hot on the Hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
4	Like It
1	Hot on the Hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
2	Hot on the Hardwood
2	on the Hardwood
2	the Hardwood
1	proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
1	proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny
1	once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny
2	once again
1	that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny
1	a man in drag is not in and of himself funny
2	a man in drag
2	a man
2	in drag
2	is not in and of himself funny
1	is not
3	in and of himself funny
2	in and of
2	in and
3	himself funny
2	Unfortunately , contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and Woo 's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie 's heart .
0	, contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and Woo 's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie 's heart .
2	contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and Woo 's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie 's heart .
1	contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and Woo 's over-the-top instincts as a director
0	contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and
1	contrived plotting , stereotyped characters
1	contrived plotting ,
2	contrived plotting
1	stereotyped characters
2	Woo 's over-the-top instincts as a director
2	Woo 's over-the-top instincts
2	Woo 's
2	over-the-top instincts
2	as a director
2	a director
1	undermine the moral dilemma at the movie 's heart .
2	undermine the moral dilemma at the movie 's heart
2	the moral dilemma at the movie 's heart
2	the moral dilemma
2	moral dilemma
2	at the movie 's heart
2	the movie 's heart
2	the movie 's
2	movie 's
1	Witless and utterly pointless .
1	Witless and utterly pointless
1	and utterly pointless
0	utterly pointless
1	When ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
1	When ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science
1	` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science
2	` science fiction '
2	science fiction '
2	fiction '
2	takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science
3	takes advantage of the fact
2	advantage of the fact
2	of the fact
2	the fact
1	that its intended audience has n't yet had much science
1	its intended audience has n't yet had much science
2	its intended audience
2	intended audience
2	has n't yet had much science
2	has n't yet
2	has n't
3	had much science
2	much science
0	, it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
1	it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
0	does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
1	does a disservice to the audience and to the genre
1	does a disservice
1	a disservice
2	to the audience and to the genre
2	to the audience and
2	to the audience
2	the audience
2	to the genre
2	the genre
2	Show me the mugging .
3	Show me the mugging
2	me the mugging
2	the mugging
2	Represents something very close to the nadir of the thriller\/horror genre .
2	Represents something very close to the nadir of the thriller\/horror
2	Represents something
2	very close to the nadir of the thriller\/horror
2	close to the nadir of the thriller\/horror
1	to the nadir of the thriller\/horror
1	the nadir of the thriller\/horror
2	the nadir
2	of the thriller\/horror
2	the thriller\/horror
2	genre .
2	Visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying .
2	Visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying
2	sumptuous but intellectually stultifying
1	but intellectually stultifying
1	intellectually stultifying
1	As a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
2	As a feature-length film
3	a feature-length film
2	feature-length film
0	, it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
1	it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
1	wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
1	wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character
1	wears out
2	its welcome as tryingly as the title character
2	welcome as tryingly as the title character
2	welcome as tryingly as the title
1	as tryingly as the title
2	tryingly as the title
2	as the title
2	the title
2	A guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it .
2	A guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it
3	A guilty pleasure
2	guilty pleasure
1	at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it
2	at best , and not worth
2	at best
1	, and not worth
2	and not worth
2	not worth
2	seeing unless you want to laugh at it
1	unless you want to laugh at it
2	you want to laugh at it
3	want to laugh at it
2	to laugh at it
2	laugh at it
2	at it
1	A sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away .
0	A sleep-inducing thriller with a single
0	A sleep-inducing thriller
0	sleep-inducing thriller
3	with a single
2	a single
2	twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away .
2	twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away
2	that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away
1	everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away
2	everyone except the characters in it
2	except the characters in it
2	the characters in it
2	the characters
2	in it
1	can see coming a mile away
1	see coming a mile away
2	coming a mile away
2	coming a mile
2	a mile
1	With a `` Spy Kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?
2	With a `` Spy Kids '' sequel opening
2	a `` Spy Kids '' sequel opening
2	`` Spy Kids '' sequel opening
2	Spy Kids '' sequel opening
2	Kids '' sequel opening
2	'' sequel opening
2	sequel opening
0	next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?
2	next week
1	, why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?
1	why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?
1	bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?
1	bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni
0	with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni
1	a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni
2	a contemptible imitator
1	contemptible imitator
1	starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni
1	a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni
1	a `` SNL '' has-been
1	`` SNL '' has-been
1	SNL '' has-been
1	'' has-been
0	acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni
2	like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni
1	an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni
2	8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni
2	channeling Roberto Benigni
2	Roberto Benigni
0	It 's just rather leaden and dull .
1	's just rather leaden and dull .
1	's just rather leaden and dull
2	's just
1	rather leaden and dull
0	leaden and dull
1	leaden and
1	Lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .
0	Lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
0	the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
3	the visual flair and bouncing bravado
2	visual flair and bouncing bravado
3	flair and bouncing bravado
2	and bouncing bravado
3	bouncing bravado
1	that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
1	characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
2	characterizes better hip-hop clips and
2	characterizes better hip-hop clips
3	better hip-hop clips
2	hip-hop clips
2	is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
0	content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
1	to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
0	recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
1	images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
2	images and characters
2	images and
1	that were already tired 10 years ago
2	were already tired 10 years ago
1	were already tired
1	already tired
2	10 years ago
2	10 years
1	Statham employs an accent that I think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British .
1	employs an accent that I think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British .
2	employs an accent that I think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British
2	employs an accent
2	an accent
1	that I think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British
1	I think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British
1	think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British
2	is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British
2	supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British
2	supposed to be an attempt at hardass American
2	to be an attempt at hardass American
1	be an attempt at hardass American
2	an attempt at hardass American
2	an attempt
2	at hardass American
2	hardass American
2	but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British
1	sometimes just lapses into unhidden British
1	just lapses into unhidden British
2	lapses into unhidden British
2	into unhidden British
2	unhidden British
1	Instead of trying to bust some blondes , -LRB- Diggs -RRB- should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
2	Instead of trying to bust
2	of trying to bust
2	trying to bust
2	to bust
0	some blondes , -LRB- Diggs -RRB- should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
2	some blondes , -LRB- Diggs -RRB-
2	some blondes ,
2	some blondes
2	-LRB- Diggs -RRB-
2	Diggs -RRB-
1	should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
1	should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad
1	be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad
2	probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad
0	why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad
1	a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad
2	a guy with his talent
2	a guy
3	with his talent
2	his talent
0	ended up in a movie this bad
2	ended up
0	in a movie this bad
0	a movie this bad
2	a movie
1	this bad
2	Initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience .
2	Initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience
1	Initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and
3	Initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality
1	Initial strangeness
1	inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality
2	gives way to rote sentimentality
2	gives way
2	to rote sentimentality
2	rote sentimentality
2	mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience
2	mystical tenderness
2	becomes narrative expedience
2	narrative expedience
2	De Ayala is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter .
2	De Ayala
1	is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter .
0	is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter
1	required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter
1	to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter
1	supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter
2	supply too much of the energy
1	too much of the energy
1	too much
2	of the energy
2	the energy
1	in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter
1	a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter
2	a film
1	that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter
2	is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter
1	is , overall , far too staid
2	is , overall ,
2	is , overall
2	is ,
1	far too staid
2	too staid
2	for its subject matter
2	its subject matter
2	subject matter
0	Dismally dull sci-fi comedy .
1	Dismally dull sci-fi comedy
2	Dismally dull
2	sci-fi comedy
0	There 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
2	's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
1	's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits
2	's surely something
2	's surely
0	wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits
2	wrong with a comedy
2	with a comedy
2	a comedy
1	where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits
1	the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits
1	the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes
2	the only belly laughs
3	only belly laughs
3	belly laughs
2	come from the selection of outtakes
2	from the selection of outtakes
2	the selection of outtakes
2	the selection
2	of outtakes
2	tacked onto the end credits
3	onto the end credits
2	the end credits
2	end credits
3	When one hears Harry Shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best
2	When one hears Harry Shearer is going to make his debut as a film director
3	one hears Harry Shearer is going to make his debut as a film director
2	hears Harry Shearer is going to make his debut as a film director
2	Harry Shearer is going to make his debut as a film director
2	Harry Shearer
2	is going to make his debut as a film director
3	going to make his debut as a film director
2	to make his debut as a film director
2	make his debut as a film director
2	make his debut
2	his debut
2	as a film director
2	a film director
2	film director
3	, one would hope for the best
2	one would hope for the best
2	would hope for the best
2	hope for the best
3	for the best
4	the best
1	The leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .
2	The leads we are given here
2	The leads
2	we are given here
2	are given here
2	given here
1	are simply too bland to be interesting .
1	are simply too bland to be interesting
2	are simply
1	too bland to be interesting
1	bland to be interesting
3	to be interesting
2	be interesting
1	-LRB- Toback 's -RRB- fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material .
1	-LRB- Toback 's -RRB- fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material
1	-LRB- Toback 's -RRB- fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard ...
2	-LRB- Toback 's -RRB- fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard
1	Toback 's -RRB- fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard
2	Toback 's
1	-RRB- fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard
1	fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard
2	fondness for fancy split-screen ,
2	fondness for fancy split-screen
2	for fancy split-screen
2	fancy split-screen
1	stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard
1	stuttering editing and pompous references
1	editing and pompous references
2	and pompous references
1	pompous references
2	to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard
2	Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard
2	Wittgenstein and
2	blends uneasily with the titillating material
2	uneasily with the titillating material
3	with the titillating material
3	the titillating material
3	titillating material
1	Adam Sandler 's 8 Crazy Nights is 75 wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
2	Adam Sandler 's 8 Crazy Nights
2	Adam Sandler 's
2	Sandler 's
3	8 Crazy Nights
2	Crazy Nights
0	is 75 wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
0	is 75 wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
0	75 wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
0	wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
1	wasted minutes of Sandler
2	minutes of Sandler
2	of Sandler
1	as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
0	the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
2	the voice-over hero
2	voice-over hero
1	in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
1	Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
2	Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea
2	Columbia Pictures '
2	Pictures '
2	perverse idea
2	of an animated holiday movie
2	an animated holiday movie
2	animated holiday movie
2	holiday movie
1	essentially `` Fatal Attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 .
2	`` Fatal Attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 .
2	Fatal Attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 .
2	Fatal Attraction
2	'' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 .
2	remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 .
2	remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987
2	for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987
2	viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987
2	who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987
2	were in diapers when the original was released in 1987
2	were in diapers
2	in diapers
2	when the original was released in 1987
2	the original was released in 1987
3	the original
2	was released in 1987
2	released in 1987
2	in 1987
1	... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...
1	this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...
2	this story
2	gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...
1	gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along
1	gets sillier , not scarier ,
1	gets sillier , not scarier
1	sillier , not scarier
1	, not scarier
1	not scarier
2	as it goes along
2	it goes along
2	goes along
0	Even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
2	Even a hardened voyeur
2	a hardened voyeur
2	hardened voyeur
1	would require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
1	would require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture
0	require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture
2	require the patience of Job
2	the patience of Job
2	the patience
2	of Job
0	to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture
0	get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture
1	through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture
1	this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture
1	this interminable , shapeless documentary
0	interminable , shapeless documentary
1	, shapeless documentary
1	shapeless documentary
2	about the swinging subculture
2	the swinging subculture
2	swinging subculture
1	The film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .
1	The film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence
0	The film 's hero is a bore and
1	The film 's hero is a bore
2	The film 's hero
2	The film 's
2	film 's
1	is a bore
1	a bore
1	his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence
2	his innocence
1	soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence
1	becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence
1	a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence
2	a questionable kind
1	questionable kind
1	of inexcusable dumb innocence
2	inexcusable dumb innocence
0	inexcusable dumb
1	A singularly off-putting romantic comedy .
1	singularly off-putting romantic comedy .
1	off-putting romantic comedy .
2	romantic comedy .
2	comedy .
1	This is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
3	is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
2	is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship
2	is an exercise
2	an exercise
2	not in biography but in hero worship
2	in biography but in hero worship
2	in biography but
2	in biography
3	in hero worship
2	hero worship
1	It all comes down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow .
1	all comes down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow .
1	comes down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow .
1	comes down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow
1	down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow
2	to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow
1	whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow
2	you can tolerate Leon Barlow
1	can tolerate Leon Barlow
1	tolerate Leon Barlow
2	Leon Barlow
2	I ca n't .
2	ca n't .
2	ca n't
1	In the spirit of the season , I assign one bright shining star to Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio -- but I guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .
3	In the spirit of the season
2	the spirit of the season
3	the spirit
2	of the season
2	the season
1	, I assign one bright shining star to Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio -- but I guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .
2	I assign one bright shining star to Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio -- but I guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .
2	assign one bright shining star to Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio -- but I guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .
2	assign one bright shining star to Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio -- but I guarantee that no wise men will be following after it
2	assign one bright shining star to Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio -- but
3	assign one bright shining star to Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio --
2	assign one bright shining star to Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio
2	assign one bright shining star
3	one bright shining star
3	bright shining star
3	shining star
2	to Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio
2	Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio
2	Roberto Benigni 's
2	Benigni 's
1	I guarantee that no wise men will be following after it
1	guarantee that no wise men will be following after it
1	that no wise men will be following after it
2	no wise men will be following after it
2	no wise men
3	wise men
3	will be following after it
2	be following after it
2	following after it
2	after it
1	Check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on .
1	Check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on
2	Check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door
1	your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door
2	your brain and
2	your brain
2	your secret agent decoder ring at the door
2	your secret agent decoder ring
2	secret agent decoder ring
2	agent decoder ring
2	decoder ring
2	at the door
2	the door
2	because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on
1	you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on
1	do n't want to think too much about what 's going on
2	do n't
1	want to think too much about what 's going on
2	to think too much about what 's going on
2	think too much about what 's going on
2	too much about what 's going on
2	much about what 's going on
2	about what 's going on
2	what 's going on
2	's going on
2	going on
2	The movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like Chris Rock .
2	The movie does
2	The movie
3	has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like Chris Rock .
3	has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like Chris Rock
2	has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like
3	some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like
3	some entertainment value -
3	some entertainment value
2	entertainment value
2	how much depends on how well you like
2	how much
2	depends on how well you like
2	on how well you like
2	how well you like
2	how well
2	you like
2	Chris Rock
2	A movie that seems motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story .
2	A movie that seems
2	A movie
2	that seems
1	motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story .
1	motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story
1	more by a desire to match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story
1	by a desire to match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story
2	a desire to match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story
1	desire to match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story
2	to match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story
1	match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story
2	match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting
2	match mortarboards
2	with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting
2	Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting
2	Dead Poets Society and
2	Dead Poets Society
2	Poets Society
2	Good Will Hunting
2	Will Hunting
2	than by its own story
2	by its own story
2	its own story
2	own story
1	A culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .
2	A culture clash
2	culture clash
2	comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .
1	comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is
2	comedy only half as clever
2	comedy only half
2	only half
3	as clever
2	as it thinks it is
2	it thinks it is
2	thinks it is
3	it is
0	The logic of it all will be Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .
2	The logic of it
3	The logic
2	of it
1	all will be Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .
2	will be Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .
1	will be Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor
1	be Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor
1	Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor
2	to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor
2	anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor
2	anyone not
1	predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor
1	to the movie 's rude and crude humor
1	the movie 's rude and crude humor
2	the movie 's
2	movie 's
1	rude and crude humor
0	and crude humor
2	crude humor
2	As self-aware movies go , Who is Cletis Tout ?
2	As self-aware movies go
2	self-aware movies go
2	self-aware movies
2	, Who is Cletis Tout ?
2	Who is Cletis Tout ?
2	is Cletis Tout ?
2	is Cletis Tout
2	Cletis Tout
2	is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing .
1	is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing
3	is clever enough ,
3	is clever enough
3	clever enough
1	though thin writing proves its undoing
0	thin writing proves its undoing
1	thin writing
2	proves its undoing
2	its undoing
0	Starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis with a scar .
1	Starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis with a scar
3	Starts out strongly
2	out strongly
1	before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis with a scar
0	quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis with a scar
2	losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis with a scar
0	losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis
1	its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis
2	its focus , point and purpose
3	focus , point and purpose
3	, point and purpose
3	point and purpose
2	point and
1	in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis
1	a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis
0	a mess
1	of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis
1	mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis
2	mixed messages , over-blown drama and
2	mixed messages , over-blown drama
1	mixed messages ,
2	mixed messages
1	over-blown drama
2	Bruce Willis
2	with a scar
2	a scar
1	... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes .
1	a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes .
1	a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes
3	a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is ,
3	a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is
3	a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating ,
3	a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating
3	a fascinating curiosity piece --
3	a fascinating curiosity piece
4	fascinating curiosity piece
2	curiosity piece
2	that is
2	for about ten minutes
2	about ten minutes
3	about ten
0	After that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
2	After that
0	it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
1	becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
0	becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course
1	becomes long and tedious
0	long and tedious
2	long and
1	like a classroom play in a college history course
2	a classroom play in a college history course
2	a classroom play
2	classroom play
2	in a college history course
2	a college history course
2	college history course
2	history course
0	Director Jay Russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .
2	Director Jay Russell
1	Jay Russell
2	weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .
2	weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning
1	weighs down his capricious fairy-tale
1	weighs down
2	his capricious fairy-tale
2	capricious fairy-tale
2	with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning
2	heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning
2	heavy sentiment and
2	heavy sentiment
1	lightweight meaning
2	There are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them .
1	There are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them
2	There are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but
3	There are many things that solid acting can do for a movie ,
3	There are many things that solid acting can do for a movie
3	are many things that solid acting can do for a movie
2	are many things
2	many things
3	that solid acting can do for a movie
3	solid acting can do for a movie
3	solid acting
2	can do for a movie
2	do for a movie
2	for a movie
2	a movie
1	crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them
2	crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay
2	something promising from a mediocre screenplay
2	promising from a mediocre screenplay
2	from a mediocre screenplay
1	a mediocre screenplay
1	mediocre screenplay
1	is not one of them
1	is not
1	one of them
2	of them
1	Its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .
2	Its screenplay
1	serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .
1	serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure
2	serves as auto-critique , and
2	serves as auto-critique ,
2	serves as auto-critique
2	as auto-critique
0	its clumsiness as its own most damning censure
1	its clumsiness
1	as its own most damning censure
1	its own most damning censure
0	own most damning censure
1	most damning censure
1	most damning
0	At times , it actually hurts to watch .
2	At times
0	, it actually hurts to watch .
0	it actually hurts to watch .
0	actually hurts to watch .
2	hurts to watch .
1	hurts to watch
2	to watch
1	Nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .
1	suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .
1	suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme
2	from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme
1	a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme
1	a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and
1	a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences
1	a paunchy midsection ,
2	a paunchy midsection
2	paunchy midsection
1	several plodding action sequences
1	plodding action sequences
2	action sequences
1	a wickedly undramatic central theme
1	wickedly undramatic central theme
1	wickedly undramatic
2	central theme
1	The jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .
1	The jokes are telegraphed so far in advance
2	The jokes
2	are telegraphed so far in advance
2	telegraphed so far in advance
2	telegraphed so far
2	so far
2	in advance
2	they must have been lost in the mail .
2	must have been lost in the mail .
1	must have been lost in the mail
2	have been lost in the mail
1	been lost in the mail
2	lost in the mail
2	in the mail
2	the mail
1	-LRB- Tries -RRB- to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the United States .
1	-LRB- Tries -RRB- to parody
3	-LRB- Tries -RRB-
2	Tries -RRB-
2	to parody
1	a genre that 's already a joke in the United States .
2	a genre that
2	a genre
1	's already a joke in the United States .
1	's already a joke in the United States
2	's already
2	a joke in the United States
2	a joke
2	in the United States
2	the United States
3	United States
0	The movie is the equivalent of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .
2	The movie
1	is the equivalent of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .
1	is the equivalent of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay
1	the equivalent of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay
2	the equivalent
1	of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay
2	French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay
2	French hip-hop ,
2	French hip-hop
1	which also seems to play on a 10-year delay
1	also seems to play on a 10-year delay
1	seems to play on a 10-year delay
2	to play on a 10-year delay
2	play on a 10-year delay
3	on a 10-year delay
2	a 10-year delay
2	10-year delay
1	A beyond-lame satire , Teddy Bears ' Picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .
1	A beyond-lame satire , Teddy Bears ' Picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing
0	A beyond-lame satire ,
0	A beyond-lame satire
1	beyond-lame satire
0	Teddy Bears ' Picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing
3	Teddy Bears ' Picnic ranks
3	Teddy Bears '
2	Bears '
2	Picnic ranks
1	among the most pitiful directing
0	the most pitiful directing
1	most pitiful directing
1	most pitiful
3	debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .
3	debuts by an esteemed writer-actor
3	by an esteemed writer-actor
3	an esteemed writer-actor
3	esteemed writer-actor
0	I 've never seen -LRB- a remake -RRB- do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic ...
0	've never seen -LRB- a remake -RRB- do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic ...
1	've never seen -LRB- a remake -RRB- do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic
2	've never
0	seen -LRB- a remake -RRB- do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic
1	-LRB- a remake -RRB- do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic
0	a remake -RRB- do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic
2	a remake
0	-RRB- do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic
0	do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic
1	do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and
0	do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages
2	do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes ,
0	do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes
1	do anything
1	as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes
1	stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes
1	as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes
1	the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes
2	the way Adam Sandler 's
2	way Adam Sandler 's
2	Adam Sandler 's
2	Sandler 's
1	new movie rapes
1	movie rapes
1	incinerates Frank Capra 's classic
3	Frank Capra 's classic
2	Frank Capra 's
2	Capra 's
2	Hollywood 's answer to an air ball .
2	Hollywood 's
2	answer to an air ball .
2	answer to an air ball
1	to an air ball
2	an air ball
1	air ball
1	And people make fun of me for liking Showgirls .
2	people make fun of me for liking Showgirls .
2	make fun of me for liking Showgirls .
1	make fun of me for liking Showgirls
2	make fun of me
3	fun of me
2	of me
2	for liking Showgirls
3	liking Showgirls
1	Such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .
1	Such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise
1	a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise
1	wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise
2	wildly uneven
2	hit-and-miss enterprise
1	, you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .
2	you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .
1	ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .
1	ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production
2	ca n't
2	help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production
1	suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production
2	that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production
2	it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production
2	was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production
1	improvised on a day-to-day basis during production
2	improvised on a day-to-day basis
2	on a day-to-day basis
2	a day-to-day basis
2	day-to-day basis
2	during production
3	A weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media subcultures .
3	A weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media
1	A weird little movie
1	weird little movie
2	little movie
3	that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media
4	's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media
3	amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media
3	amusing enough
3	while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media
2	you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media
4	watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media
3	watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights
3	it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights
4	it , offering fine acting moments and pungent
3	, offering fine acting moments and pungent
3	offering fine acting moments and pungent
3	offering fine acting moments and
4	offering fine acting moments
3	fine acting moments
2	acting moments
2	into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media
2	modern L.A. 's show-biz and media
2	modern L.A. 's
2	L.A. 's
2	show-biz and media
2	show-biz and
2	subcultures .
1	But it does n't leave you with much .
1	it does n't leave you with much .
1	does n't leave you with much .
1	does n't leave you with much
1	does n't
2	leave you with much
2	leave you
2	with much
1	I 'm convinced I could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
0	'm convinced I could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
0	'm convinced I could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking
0	convinced I could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking
1	I could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking
1	could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking
2	keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking
1	keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation
1	a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation
2	a family
1	of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation
2	five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation
2	five blind , crippled , Amish people
1	blind , crippled , Amish people
2	blind , crippled ,
2	blind , crippled
2	blind ,
2	Amish people
2	alive in this situation
2	in this situation
2	this situation
2	better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking
2	than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking
2	these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking
2	these British soldiers
2	British soldiers
2	do at keeping themselves kicking
3	at keeping themselves kicking
3	keeping themselves kicking
2	themselves kicking
1	Like Mike is a slight and uninventive movie : Like the exalted Michael Jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal .
1	Like Mike is a slight and uninventive movie : Like the exalted Michael Jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal
1	Like Mike is a slight and uninventive movie :
1	Like Mike is a slight and uninventive movie
2	Like Mike
1	is a slight and uninventive movie
1	a slight and uninventive movie
2	slight and uninventive movie
1	slight and uninventive
2	slight and
2	Like the exalted Michael Jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal
2	Like the exalted
2	the exalted
3	Michael Jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal
2	Michael Jordan
1	referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal
2	referred to
2	in the title , many can aspire but none can equal
1	the title , many can aspire but none can equal
2	the title ,
2	the title
3	many can aspire but none can equal
1	can aspire but none can equal
2	aspire but none can equal
2	but none can equal
4	none can equal
2	can equal
0	There is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .
1	is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .
0	is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie
1	nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie
0	nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a -
0	nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a
1	nothing funny
0	in this every-joke-has - been-told-a
1	this every-joke-has - been-told-a
1	every-joke-has - been-told-a
2	- been-told-a
2	thousand-times - before movie
2	thousand-times -
2	before movie
3	Always destined to be measured against Anthony Asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .
3	destined to be measured against Anthony Asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .
2	destined to be measured against Anthony Asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation
2	to be measured against Anthony Asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation
2	be measured against Anthony Asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation
2	measured against Anthony Asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation
2	against Anthony Asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation
3	Anthony Asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation
2	Anthony Asquith 's
2	Asquith 's
3	acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation
2	1952 screen adaptation
2	screen adaptation
0	This is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
0	is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
0	is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull
1	standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull
2	standard crime drama fare ...
2	standard crime drama fare
3	crime drama fare
2	drama fare
0	instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull
0	instantly forgettable and
0	instantly forgettable
0	thoroughly dull
1	There 's some outrageously creative action in The Transporter ... -LRB- b -RRB- ut by the time Frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .
3	There 's some outrageously creative action in The Transporter ... -LRB- b -RRB- ut by the time Frank parachutes down onto a moving truck
3	's some outrageously creative action in The Transporter ... -LRB- b -RRB- ut by the time Frank parachutes down onto a moving truck
2	some outrageously creative action in The Transporter ... -LRB- b -RRB- ut by the time Frank parachutes down onto a moving truck
3	some outrageously creative action in The Transporter ...
3	some outrageously creative action in The Transporter
3	some outrageously creative action
4	outrageously creative action
3	creative action
2	in The Transporter
2	The Transporter
2	-LRB- b -RRB- ut by the time Frank parachutes down onto a moving truck
3	-LRB- b -RRB-
2	b -RRB-
2	ut by the time Frank parachutes down onto a moving truck
2	by the time Frank parachutes down onto a moving truck
2	the time Frank parachutes down onto a moving truck
2	the time
2	Frank parachutes down onto a moving truck
2	parachutes down onto a moving truck
2	parachutes down
2	onto a moving truck
2	a moving truck
2	moving truck
2	, it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .
1	it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .
1	's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .
2	's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman
2	's just
2	another cartoon with an unstoppable superman
2	another cartoon
2	with an unstoppable superman
2	an unstoppable superman
4	unstoppable superman
2	One of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way .
3	One of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way
1	of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way
1	those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way
2	those based-on-truth stories
2	based-on-truth stories
2	that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way
2	persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way
3	persuades you , with every scene ,
3	persuades you , with every scene
2	persuades you ,
4	persuades you
2	with every scene
2	every scene
2	that it could never really have happened this way
1	it could never really have happened this way
2	could never really have happened this way
2	could never really
2	could never
2	have happened this way
2	happened this way
2	this way
1	From its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , Bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .
1	From its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast
2	its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast
1	its nauseating spinning credits sequence
2	nauseating spinning credits sequence
2	spinning credits sequence
2	credits sequence
2	to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast
3	a very talented but underutilized supporting cast
2	very talented but underutilized supporting cast
1	very talented but underutilized
2	very talented but
3	very talented
2	supporting cast
2	, Bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .
1	Bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .
1	squanders as much as it gives out .
1	squanders as much as it gives out
2	as much as it gives out
2	as much
2	as it gives out
2	it gives out
3	gives out
1	Yet another genre exercise , Gangster No. 1 is as generic as its title .
0	another genre exercise , Gangster No. 1 is as generic as its title .
2	another genre exercise , Gangster No. 1
1	another genre exercise ,
1	another genre exercise
2	genre exercise
2	Gangster No. 1
2	Gangster No.
0	is as generic as its title .
1	is as generic as its title
1	as generic as its title
2	generic as its title
2	as its title
2	its title
2	Despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair ...
2	Despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot
1	the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot
2	the holes
1	in the story and the somewhat predictable plot
1	the story and the somewhat predictable plot
2	the story and
2	the story
1	the somewhat predictable plot
1	somewhat predictable plot
1	somewhat predictable
3	, moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair ...
3	moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair ...
2	moments of the movie
2	of the movie
2	the movie
3	caused me to jump in my chair ...
2	caused me to jump in my chair
2	me to jump in my chair
3	to jump in my chair
2	jump in my chair
2	in my chair
2	my chair
1	There 's an admirable rigor to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down .
1	There 's an admirable rigor to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down
3	There 's an admirable rigor to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but
1	There 's an admirable rigor to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending ,
3	There 's an admirable rigor to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending
2	's an admirable rigor to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending
2	an admirable rigor to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending
3	an admirable rigor
3	admirable rigor
1	to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending
1	to Jimmy 's relentless anger
2	Jimmy 's relentless anger
2	Jimmy 's
2	relentless anger
1	, and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending
3	, and
1	to the script 's refusal of a happy ending
1	the script 's refusal of a happy ending
1	the script 's refusal
2	the script 's
2	script 's
3	of a happy ending
3	a happy ending
3	happy ending
0	as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down
1	as those monologues stretch on and on
1	those monologues stretch on and on
2	those monologues
2	stretch on and on
2	on and on
2	on and
1	, you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down
3	you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down
0	realize there 's no place for this story to go but down
1	there 's no place for this story to go but down
1	's no place for this story to go but down
1	no place for this story to go but down
2	no place
1	for this story to go but down
1	this story to go but down
2	story to go but down
2	to go but down
1	go but down
2	but down
2	Once again , the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle .
2	Once again
1	, the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle .
0	the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle .
0	the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle
1	the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and
2	the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated ,
1	the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated
2	the intelligence of gay audiences
2	the intelligence
2	of gay audiences
2	gay audiences
3	has been grossly underestimated
1	been grossly underestimated
2	grossly underestimated
2	a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle
3	a meaty plot and well-developed characters
3	a meaty plot and
3	a meaty plot
3	meaty plot
3	well-developed characters
1	have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle
2	have been sacrificed for skin and
1	have been sacrificed for skin
1	been sacrificed for skin
2	sacrificed for skin
2	for skin
1	flash that barely fizzle
1	that barely fizzle
1	barely fizzle
1	A lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles French , Japanese and Hollywood cultures .
2	A lightweight , uneven action comedy
1	lightweight , uneven action comedy
1	, uneven action comedy
1	uneven action comedy
2	action comedy
2	that freely mingles French , Japanese and Hollywood cultures .
2	that freely
2	mingles French , Japanese and Hollywood cultures .
2	mingles French , Japanese and Hollywood cultures
2	French , Japanese and Hollywood cultures
2	, Japanese and Hollywood cultures
2	Japanese and Hollywood cultures
2	and Hollywood cultures
2	Hollywood cultures
1	Such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution .
2	Such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying ,
4	Such a fine idea
3	a fine idea
3	fine idea
2	for a film , and such a stultifying ,
1	a film , and such a stultifying ,
2	a film , and such a stultifying
2	a film , and
2	a film ,
2	a film
1	such a stultifying
2	a stultifying
1	lifeless execution .
1	lifeless execution
3	-LRB- Allen 's -RRB- best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-America diversions could ever be .
2	-LRB- Allen 's -RRB- best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-America
2	Allen 's -RRB- best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-America
2	Allen 's
1	-RRB- best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-America
2	best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-America
2	works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-America
2	understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-America
2	why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-America
2	snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-America
2	is a better satiric target than middle-America
2	a better satiric target than middle-America
1	a better satiric target
2	better satiric target
2	better satiric
2	than middle-America
2	diversions could ever be .
2	could ever be .
2	could ever be
2	could ever
1	This overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , is tepid and tedious .
2	This overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end ,
0	This overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end
0	This overlong infomercial ,
0	This overlong infomercial
0	overlong infomercial
2	due out on video before month 's end
1	out on video before month 's end
2	on video before month 's end
1	video before month 's end
2	before month 's end
2	month 's end
2	month 's
1	is tepid and tedious .
1	is tepid and tedious
1	tepid and tedious
1	tepid and
1	An ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .
2	An ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama
2	ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama
2	, guilt-suffused melodrama
1	guilt-suffused melodrama
0	crippled by poor casting .
2	crippled by poor casting
1	by poor casting
1	poor casting
0	Rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .
2	has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .
1	has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic
1	sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic
1	on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic
1	screen been so aggressively anti-erotic
1	been so aggressively anti-erotic
1	so aggressively anti-erotic
1	aggressively anti-erotic
0	A dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .
1	A dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding
0	dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding
1	dull , inconsistent , dishonest
0	, inconsistent , dishonest
1	inconsistent , dishonest
1	, dishonest
2	female bonding
2	picture .
1	So much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
1	much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
2	much about the film
2	about the film
2	the film
0	is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
1	is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened
1	is loopy and ludicrous ...
0	is loopy and ludicrous
2	loopy and ludicrous
1	loopy and
1	that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened
1	it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened
2	could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened
2	have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened
1	been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened
1	been a hoot in a bad-movie way
1	a hoot in a bad-movie way
3	a hoot
1	in a bad-movie way
0	a bad-movie way
1	bad-movie way
1	if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened
2	the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened
2	the laborious pacing and endless exposition
1	the laborious pacing and
1	the laborious pacing
0	laborious pacing
1	endless exposition
2	had been tightened
2	been tightened
1	A disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate IMAX trip .
0	A disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate IMAX trip
1	A disappointment
2	for a movie that should have been the ultimate IMAX trip
2	a movie that should have been the ultimate IMAX trip
2	a movie
3	that should have been the ultimate IMAX trip
3	should have been the ultimate IMAX trip
3	have been the ultimate IMAX trip
3	been the ultimate IMAX trip
3	the ultimate IMAX trip
4	ultimate IMAX trip
3	IMAX trip
2	Does little to elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of Richard Nixon .
1	Does little to elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of Richard Nixon
1	little to elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of Richard Nixon
2	to elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of Richard Nixon
1	elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of Richard Nixon
1	the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of Richard Nixon
2	the conceit
2	of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of Richard Nixon
2	setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of Richard Nixon
2	setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition
2	this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition
2	this blood-soaked tragedy
2	blood-soaked tragedy
2	of murderous ambition
3	murderous ambition
2	in the era of Richard Nixon
3	the era of Richard Nixon
2	the era
3	of Richard Nixon
2	Richard Nixon
1	This Sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama .
2	This Sade
1	is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama .
1	is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama
2	is hardly
1	a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama
1	a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator --
1	a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator
2	perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator
2	, dangerous libertine and agitator
2	dangerous libertine and agitator
2	libertine and agitator
2	libertine and
2	which would have made for better drama
2	would have made for better drama
1	have made for better drama
2	made for better drama
2	for better drama
3	better drama
1	He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .
1	He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does
2	He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and
1	He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery ,
1	He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery
2	's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery
2	's just
1	a sad aristocrat in tattered finery
2	a sad aristocrat
2	sad aristocrat
2	in tattered finery
2	tattered finery
0	the film seems as deflated as he does
2	the film
1	seems as deflated as he does
1	as deflated as he does
1	deflated as he does
2	as he does
2	he does
1	The film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed Crudup out of pre-9 \/ 11 New York and onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind .
1	The film 's needlessly opaque intro
2	The film 's
2	film 's
1	needlessly opaque intro
2	opaque intro
2	takes its doe-eyed Crudup out of pre-9 \/ 11 New York and onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind .
2	takes its doe-eyed Crudup out of pre-9 \/ 11 New York and onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind
2	takes its doe-eyed Crudup out
2	takes its doe-eyed Crudup
2	its doe-eyed Crudup
2	doe-eyed Crudup
3	of pre-9 \/ 11 New York and onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind
3	of pre-9 \/ 11 New York and
2	of pre-9 \/ 11 New York
2	pre-9 \/ 11 New York
2	\/ 11 New York
2	11 New York
2	New York
3	onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind
2	a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind
2	a cross-country road trip
3	cross-country road trip
2	road trip
2	of the Homeric kind
2	the Homeric kind
2	Homeric kind
0	It 's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet ? ''
0	's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet ? ''
1	's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet ?
0	's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet
0	as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet
0	if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet
0	a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet
1	a bored Cage
1	bored Cage
1	spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet
1	spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : ``
1	spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream :
0	spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream
1	the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream
2	the duration
1	of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream
2	the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream
2	the film 's shooting schedule
2	the film 's
2	film 's
2	shooting schedule
2	waiting to scream
2	to scream
2	Got AIDS yet
1	Got AIDS
2	In a strange way , Egoyan has done too much .
2	In a strange way
2	a strange way
2	strange way
1	, Egoyan has done too much .
1	Egoyan has done too much .
2	has done too much .
1	has done too much
2	done too much
1	too much
2	He 's worked too hard on this movie .
1	's worked too hard on this movie .
1	's worked too hard on this movie
1	worked too hard on this movie
2	worked too hard
2	too hard
2	on this movie
2	this movie
1	The film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .
2	The film
0	has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .
0	has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo
0	has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and
0	has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted
2	has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed ,
1	has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed
1	has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written ,
1	has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written
1	the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written
1	the thrown-together feel
1	thrown-together feel
1	of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written
1	a summer-camp talent show : hastily written
2	a summer-camp talent show :
2	a summer-camp talent show
1	summer-camp talent show
2	talent show
1	hastily written
1	arbitrarily plotted
1	filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo
1	with crude humor and vulgar innuendo
0	crude humor and vulgar innuendo
2	humor and vulgar innuendo
1	and vulgar innuendo
1	vulgar innuendo
2	The last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others ' affections .
2	The last three narcissists left on earth
1	The last three narcissists
2	last three narcissists
1	three narcissists
2	left on earth
2	on earth
2	compete for each others ' affections .
2	compete for each others ' affections
3	for each others ' affections
2	each others ' affections
2	each others '
2	others '
1	A clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film ...
1	A clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film
2	A clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone
2	A clash between the artificial structure
2	A clash
1	between the artificial structure
1	the artificial structure
1	artificial structure
2	of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone
3	the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone
2	the story and
2	the story
2	the more contemporary , naturalistic tone
2	more contemporary , naturalistic tone
3	more contemporary
2	, naturalistic tone
2	naturalistic tone
2	of the film
2	the film
1	The movie 's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity .
1	The movie 's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity
2	The movie 's messages are quite admirable , but
3	The movie 's messages are quite admirable ,
4	The movie 's messages are quite admirable
2	The movie 's messages
2	The movie 's
2	movie 's
3	are quite admirable
4	quite admirable
1	the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity
2	the story
1	is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity
2	is just
0	too clichéd and too often strains credulity
0	too clichéd and too often strains
1	too clichéd and
1	too clichéd
1	too often strains
1	often strains
1	What we have here is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down .
2	What we have here
2	we have here
2	have here
1	is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down .
1	is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down
2	is n't a disaster , exactly ,
2	is n't a disaster , exactly
2	is n't a disaster ,
2	is n't a disaster
1	is n't
0	a disaster
1	but a very handsomely produced let-down
2	a very handsomely produced let-down
1	very handsomely produced let-down
3	very handsomely produced
3	handsomely produced
0	The script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few .
0	The script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few
1	The script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times --
1	The script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times
2	The script
1	was reportedly rewritten a dozen times
2	was reportedly
2	rewritten a dozen times
2	a dozen times
2	a dozen
1	either 11 times too many or else too few
1	either 11 times too many or else
2	11 times too many or else
2	11 times too many or
1	11 times too many
2	11 times
1	too many
1	too few
1	A shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and Rocawear clothing .
0	A shoddy male hip hop fantasy
1	shoddy male hip hop fantasy
3	male hip hop fantasy
3	hip hop fantasy
2	hop fantasy
2	filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and Rocawear clothing .
2	filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and Rocawear clothing
3	with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and Rocawear clothing
2	guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and Rocawear clothing
2	guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and
2	guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women
2	guns , expensive cars ,
2	guns , expensive cars
2	guns ,
2	expensive cars
2	lots of naked women
2	of naked women
2	naked women
2	Rocawear clothing
1	To the filmmakers , Ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .
0	To the filmmakers , Ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
2	To the filmmakers , Ivan is a prince of a fellow , but
2	To the filmmakers , Ivan is a prince of a fellow ,
2	To the filmmakers , Ivan is a prince of a fellow
2	To the filmmakers
2	the filmmakers
3	, Ivan is a prince of a fellow
3	Ivan is a prince of a fellow
2	is a prince of a fellow
3	a prince of a fellow
2	a prince
2	of a fellow
2	a fellow
1	he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
2	he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and
2	he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited ,
1	he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited
1	comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited
1	across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited
1	across as shallow and glib though
2	across as shallow and glib
2	across as
0	shallow and glib
1	shallow and
3	not mean-spirited
1	there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
2	's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
2	's no indication
2	no indication
2	that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
1	he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
1	's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
1	been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
2	responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
3	for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
3	putting together any movies of particular value or merit
2	putting together
2	any movies of particular value or merit
2	any movies
3	of particular value or merit
2	particular value or merit
3	value or merit
2	value or
0	This is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .
0	This is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged
1	is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged
0	is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ;
0	is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots
0	a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots
2	a movie
1	filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots
1	with unlikable , spiteful idiots
1	unlikable , spiteful idiots
1	, spiteful idiots
1	spiteful idiots
2	whether or not their friendship is salvaged
1	whether or not
2	whether or
2	their friendship is salvaged
2	their friendship
2	is salvaged
2	makes no difference in the least .
1	makes no difference in the least
2	no difference in the least
2	no difference
2	in the least
2	the least
1	It 's as if Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .
1	's as if Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .
1	's as if Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself
1	as if Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself
1	if Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself
1	Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself
1	, at 66 , has stopped challenging himself
2	at 66 , has stopped challenging himself
2	at 66
1	, has stopped challenging himself
1	has stopped challenging himself
1	stopped challenging himself
2	challenging himself
1	Scotland , PA is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .
2	Scotland , PA
2	, PA
1	is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .
2	is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept
1	is entirely too straight-faced
2	entirely too straight-faced
1	too straight-faced
3	to transcend its clever concept
3	transcend its clever concept
3	its clever concept
3	clever concept
1	A movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between Highlander and Lolita .
1	A movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated
2	A movie
1	that the less charitable might describe as a castrated
1	the less charitable might describe as a castrated
2	the less charitable
1	less charitable
1	might describe as a castrated
1	describe as a castrated
1	as a castrated
2	a castrated
2	cross between Highlander and Lolita .
3	cross between Highlander and Lolita
2	between Highlander and Lolita
2	Highlander and Lolita
2	Highlander and
1	Not only does LeBlanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
2	Not only
1	does LeBlanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
1	does LeBlanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad
2	does LeBlanc
1	make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad
1	one spectacularly ugly-looking broad
0	spectacularly ugly-looking broad
1	spectacularly ugly-looking
1	, but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
2	, but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes
2	, but
1	he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes
1	appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes
0	miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes
2	throughout as he swaggers through his scenes
2	as he swaggers through his scenes
2	he swaggers through his scenes
3	swaggers through his scenes
2	through his scenes
2	his scenes
1	There 's little to recommend Snow Dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .
1	's little to recommend Snow Dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .
1	's little to recommend Snow Dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity
1	's little to recommend Snow Dogs ,
1	's little to recommend Snow Dogs
2	little to recommend Snow Dogs
2	to recommend Snow Dogs
4	recommend Snow Dogs
2	Snow Dogs
1	unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity
2	one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity
2	considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity
1	cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity
1	cliched dialogue and perverse escapism
1	cliched dialogue and
1	cliched dialogue
2	perverse escapism
3	a source of high hilarity
2	a source
3	of high hilarity
4	high hilarity
2	It 's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something About Mary and devise a parallel clone-gag .
1	's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something About Mary and devise a parallel clone-gag .
1	's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something About Mary and devise a parallel clone-gag
2	's deep-sixed by a compulsion
1	deep-sixed by a compulsion
2	by a compulsion
2	a compulsion
2	to catalog every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something About Mary and devise a parallel clone-gag
1	catalog every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something About Mary and devise a parallel clone-gag
1	catalog every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something About Mary and
2	catalog every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something About Mary
2	catalog every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something
1	every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something
2	every bodily fluids gag in There 's
1	every bodily fluids gag
1	bodily fluids gag
2	fluids gag
2	in There 's
2	in There
2	About Mary
2	devise a parallel clone-gag
1	a parallel clone-gag
1	parallel clone-gag
0	The film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic .
1	The film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic
1	The film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes --
1	The film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes
2	The film
1	rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes
2	rehashes several old themes and
1	rehashes several old themes
1	several old themes
2	old themes
0	is capped with pointless extremes
0	capped with pointless extremes
0	with pointless extremes
1	pointless extremes
3	it 's insanely violent and very graphic
1	's insanely violent and very graphic
1	insanely violent and very graphic
2	insanely violent and
1	insanely violent
2	very graphic
0	Sorority Boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .
1	Sorority Boys , which is as bad at it is cruel ,
2	Sorority Boys , which is as bad at it is cruel
2	Sorority Boys ,
2	Sorority Boys
2	which is as bad at it is cruel
1	is as bad at it is cruel
0	as bad at it is cruel
1	bad at it is cruel
2	at it is cruel
1	it is cruel
1	is cruel
1	takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .
0	takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it
3	takes every potential laugh and
3	takes every potential laugh
2	every potential laugh
2	potential laugh
2	stiletto-stomps the life out of it
1	stiletto-stomps the life out
2	stiletto-stomps the life
2	the life
2	of it
1	Here the love scenes all end in someone screaming .
2	the love scenes all end in someone screaming .
3	the love
1	scenes all end in someone screaming .
1	scenes all end in someone screaming
1	all end in someone screaming
3	all end
2	in someone screaming
2	someone screaming
1	Maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out would n't make Trouble Every Day any better .
2	Maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out
2	Maybe there 's a metaphor here , but
2	Maybe there 's a metaphor here ,
2	Maybe there 's a metaphor here
2	there 's a metaphor here
2	's a metaphor here
2	's a metaphor
2	a metaphor
2	figuring it out
2	figuring it
1	would n't make Trouble Every Day any better .
1	would n't make Trouble Every Day any better
2	would n't make Trouble
2	would n't
1	make Trouble
2	Every Day any better
2	Every Day
2	any better
2	This is the first film I 've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved .
2	is the first film I 've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved .
0	is the first film I 've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved
1	the first film I 've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved
2	the first film
2	first film
1	I 've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved
1	've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved
2	've ever
1	seen that had no obvious directing involved
1	that had no obvious directing involved
1	had no obvious directing involved
1	had no obvious directing
1	no obvious directing
1	obvious directing
2	Fans of so-bad-they 're - good cinema may find some fun in this jumbled mess .
2	Fans of so-bad-they 're - good cinema may find some fun in this jumbled mess
2	Fans of so-bad-they 're -
1	Fans of so-bad-they 're
2	Fans of so-bad-they
2	of so-bad-they
2	good cinema may find some fun in this jumbled mess
4	good cinema
2	may find some fun in this jumbled mess
2	find some fun in this jumbled mess
3	some fun in this jumbled mess
3	some fun
0	in this jumbled mess
0	this jumbled mess
2	jumbled mess
2	Weiss and Speck never make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes .
2	Weiss and Speck
3	Weiss and
1	never make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes .
2	make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes .
3	make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes
3	a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes
3	a convincing case
3	convincing case
2	for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes
2	the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes
2	the relevance
2	of these two 20th-century footnotes
3	these two 20th-century footnotes
2	two 20th-century footnotes
3	20th-century footnotes
0	Sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate Jim Carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
0	is painfully bad , a fourth-rate Jim Carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
0	is painfully bad , a fourth-rate Jim Carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb
0	is painfully bad ,
0	is painfully bad
0	painfully bad
0	a fourth-rate Jim Carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb
2	a fourth-rate Jim Carrey
2	fourth-rate Jim Carrey
3	Jim Carrey
0	who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb
0	does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb
1	does n't
1	understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb
2	understand the difference
2	the difference
1	between dumb fun and just plain dumb
2	between dumb fun
2	dumb fun
0	and just plain dumb
1	just plain dumb
0	plain dumb
1	Presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .
1	Presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable
1	Presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing
1	nothing special and , until the final act , nothing
1	nothing special and , until the final act ,
2	nothing special and
1	nothing special
2	, until the final act ,
2	until the final act ,
3	until the final act
2	the final act
3	final act
1	overtly disagreeable
1	The most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .
0	The most excruciating 86 minutes one
0	most excruciating 86 minutes one
1	most excruciating 86 minutes
0	most excruciating
2	86 minutes
1	might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .
1	might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill
1	sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill
1	through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill
1	this summer that do not involve a dentist drill
2	this summer
2	that do not involve a dentist drill
2	do not involve a dentist drill
2	do not
0	involve a dentist drill
1	a dentist drill
2	dentist drill
0	Was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?
1	Was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz
0	Was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in
1	that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in
1	that movie nothing
1	movie nothing
1	more than a tepid exercise in
1	more than a tepid
3	more than a
2	than a
2	exercise in
2	trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz
2	trotting out
1	a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz
2	a formula
1	that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz
1	worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz
2	worked five years ago but
1	worked five years ago
2	five years ago
2	five years
2	has since lost its fizz
3	has since
2	lost its fizz
2	its fizz
0	It goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
1	goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
0	goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots
2	goes on
1	for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots
0	too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots
1	too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary
1	too long and
1	too long
1	bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary
1	bogs down in a surfeit of characters and
1	bogs down in a surfeit of characters
2	bogs down
2	in a surfeit of characters
2	a surfeit of characters
2	a surfeit
2	of characters
3	It 's absolutely amazing how first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan .
3	's absolutely amazing how first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan .
4	's absolutely amazing how first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan
4	's absolutely amazing
4	absolutely amazing
3	how first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan
3	first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan
2	first-time director Kevin Donovan
2	director Kevin Donovan
2	Kevin Donovan
3	managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan
2	to find something new to add to the canon of Chan
2	find something new to add to the canon of Chan
2	find something new
3	something new
2	to add to the canon of Chan
2	add to the canon of Chan
2	to the canon of Chan
2	the canon of Chan
2	the canon
2	of Chan
1	Make Chan 's action sequences boring .
2	Make Chan 's action
2	Make Chan 's
2	Chan 's
1	sequences boring .
1	sequences boring
1	You ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
1	... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
1	get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
2	get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone
1	a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone
2	a sense
1	of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone
1	good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone
3	good intentions
1	derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone
2	derailed by a failure
1	by a failure
0	a failure
3	to seek and strike just the right tone
3	seek and strike just the right tone
2	seek and strike
2	seek and
3	just the right tone
2	the right tone
3	right tone
0	` In this poor remake of such a well loved classic , Parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
1	In this poor remake of such a well loved classic , Parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
2	In this poor remake of such a well loved classic
1	this poor remake of such a well loved classic
1	this poor remake
0	poor remake
3	of such a well loved classic
4	such a well loved classic
3	a well loved classic
4	well loved classic
3	loved classic
1	, Parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
1	Parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
1	exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
0	exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision .
1	exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision
2	the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision
1	the limitations of his skill and
1	the limitations of his skill
2	the limitations
2	of his skill
2	his skill
1	the basic flaws in his vision
1	the basic flaws
1	basic flaws
2	in his vision
2	his vision
2	It 's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn .
0	's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn .
1	's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn
1	the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn
2	the movie equivalent
2	movie equivalent
2	of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn
1	a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn
2	a sweaty old guy
2	sweaty old guy
2	old guy
1	in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn
1	a rain coat shopping for cheap porn
2	a rain coat shopping
2	rain coat shopping
2	coat shopping
1	for cheap porn
1	cheap porn
1	The film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that Tornatore was right to cut .
2	The film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides ,
2	The film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides
2	The film 's final hour ,
3	The film 's final hour
2	The film 's
2	film 's
2	final hour
2	where nearly all the previous unseen material resides
2	nearly all the previous unseen material resides
2	nearly all the previous
2	all the previous
2	the previous
2	unseen material resides
2	material resides
1	is unconvincing soap opera that Tornatore was right to cut .
1	is unconvincing soap opera that Tornatore was right to cut
0	is unconvincing
1	soap opera that Tornatore was right to cut
1	soap opera
2	that Tornatore was right to cut
2	Tornatore was right to cut
3	was right to cut
2	right to cut
2	to cut
1	The movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
2	The movie
1	does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
2	does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating
1	such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating
3	such an excellent job
4	an excellent job
4	excellent job
1	of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating
2	critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating
1	critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development
2	critiquing itself
1	at every faltering half-step of its development
1	every faltering half-step of its development
1	every faltering half-step
1	faltering half-step
2	of its development
2	its development
1	that criticizing feels more like commiserating
2	criticizing feels more like commiserating
2	feels more like commiserating
2	feels more
2	like commiserating
0	I found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .
0	found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .
1	found it slow , predictable and not very amusing
0	it slow , predictable and not very amusing
0	slow , predictable and not very amusing
1	slow , predictable and
1	slow , predictable
1	slow ,
1	not very amusing
4	very amusing
1	Director Yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .
2	Director Yu
0	seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .
0	seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times
2	seems far more interested in gross-out humor
1	far more interested in gross-out humor
2	far more interested
2	more interested
3	in gross-out humor
1	gross-out humor
2	than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times
3	in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times
3	showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times
3	showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase
2	showing us
3	well-thought stunts or a car chase
3	well-thought stunts or
4	well-thought stunts
2	a car chase
3	car chase
2	that we have n't seen 10,000 times
2	we have n't seen 10,000 times
2	have n't seen 10,000 times
2	have n't
3	seen 10,000 times
2	10,000 times
0	Viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess .
2	will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess .
0	will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess
0	need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess
2	need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who
2	all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who
2	all the luck
2	the luck
2	they can muster just figuring out who 's who
2	can muster just figuring out who 's who
2	muster just figuring out who 's who
2	muster just
2	figuring out who 's who
2	figuring out
2	who 's who
2	's who
0	in this pretentious mess
1	this pretentious mess
1	pretentious mess
2	A pint-sized ` Goodfellas ' designed to appeal to the younger set , it 's not a very good movie in any objective sense , but it does mostly hold one 's interest .
2	A pint-sized ` Goodfellas ' designed to appeal to the younger set , it 's not a very good movie in any objective sense , but it does mostly hold one 's interest
2	A pint-sized ` Goodfellas ' designed to appeal to the younger set , it 's not a very good movie in any objective sense , but
0	A pint-sized ` Goodfellas ' designed to appeal to the younger set , it 's not a very good movie in any objective sense ,
1	A pint-sized ` Goodfellas ' designed to appeal to the younger set , it 's not a very good movie in any objective sense
3	A pint-sized ` Goodfellas ' designed to appeal to the younger set
3	A pint-sized ` Goodfellas '
2	pint-sized ` Goodfellas '
2	` Goodfellas '
2	Goodfellas '
2	designed to appeal to the younger set
2	to appeal to the younger set
2	appeal to the younger set
2	to the younger set
2	the younger set
2	younger set
0	, it 's not a very good movie in any objective sense
0	it 's not a very good movie in any objective sense
0	's not a very good movie in any objective sense
2	's not
4	a very good movie in any objective sense
4	a very good movie
3	very good movie
3	very good
2	in any objective sense
2	any objective sense
2	objective sense
3	it does mostly hold one 's interest
2	does mostly hold one 's interest
2	does mostly
2	hold one 's interest
2	one 's interest
2	one 's
0	Get out your pooper-scoopers .
1	Get out your pooper-scoopers
1	Get out
1	your pooper-scoopers
3	While the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think .
2	While the material is slight
2	the material is slight
2	the material
2	is slight
3	, the movie is better than you might think .
3	the movie is better than you might think .
2	the movie
3	is better than you might think .
3	is better than you might think
3	is better
2	than you might think
2	you might think
2	might think
1	It 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and I think even fans of Sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting .
0	It 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and I think even fans of Sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting
1	It 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and
1	It 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter ,
1	It 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter
1	's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter
2	's definitely not
2	's definitely
2	made for kids or their parents , for that matter
1	for kids or their parents , for that matter
3	for kids or their parents
2	kids or their parents
2	kids or
2	their parents
2	, for that matter
2	for that matter
2	that matter
0	I think even fans of Sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting
2	think even fans of Sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting
1	even fans of Sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting
1	fans of Sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting
2	fans of Sandler 's comic taste
2	of Sandler 's comic taste
2	Sandler 's comic taste
2	Sandler 's
2	comic taste
1	may find it uninteresting
0	find it uninteresting
2	it uninteresting
0	Sheridan seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony .
1	seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony .
1	seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony
1	terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony
1	terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most
2	of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most
1	the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most
2	the book 's irreverent energy , and
3	the book 's irreverent energy ,
3	the book 's irreverent energy
2	the book 's
2	book 's
3	irreverent energy
2	scotches most
2	of its élan , humor , bile , and irony
2	its élan , humor , bile , and irony
2	its élan ,
3	its élan
2	humor , bile , and irony
1	, bile , and irony
1	bile , and irony
2	, and irony
3	, and
1	More busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
1	More busy than exciting
2	busy than exciting
2	than exciting
1	, more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
1	more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
2	frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
1	frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining
1	frantic than involving ,
2	frantic than involving
2	than involving
1	more chaotic than entertaining
2	chaotic than entertaining
2	than entertaining
2	There are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film .
1	are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film .
1	are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film
1	more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film
2	more shots
1	of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film
1	children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film
1	smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film
3	smiling for the camera
2	for the camera
2	the camera
1	than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film
1	typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film
2	typical documentary footage
2	documentary footage
1	which hurts the overall impact of the film
1	hurts the overall impact of the film
2	the overall impact of the film
2	the overall impact
2	overall impact
2	of the film
2	the film
1	It 's makes a better travelogue than movie .
2	It 's
1	makes a better travelogue than movie .
2	makes a better travelogue than movie
2	makes a better travelogue
2	a better travelogue
2	better travelogue
2	than movie
1	It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here .
1	It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here
1	It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so
1	It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out ,
1	It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out
1	's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out
1	as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out
1	if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out
2	if Solondz had two ideas for two movies
2	Solondz had two ideas for two movies
2	had two ideas for two movies
2	two ideas for two movies
3	two ideas
3	for two movies
2	two movies
2	, could n't really figure out how to flesh either out
1	could n't really figure out how to flesh either out
2	could n't really
1	could n't
2	figure out how to flesh either out
2	figure out
2	how to flesh either out
2	to flesh either out
2	flesh either out
2	flesh either
1	he just slopped ` em together here
1	just slopped ` em together here
1	slopped ` em together here
1	slopped ` em together
2	slopped ` em
1	slopped `
2	The fourth in a series that I 'll bet most parents had thought -- hoped !
2	The fourth in a series that I 'll bet most parents had thought --
2	The fourth in a series that I 'll bet most parents had thought
2	The fourth in a series
2	The fourth
2	in a series
2	a series
2	that I 'll bet most parents had thought
3	I 'll bet most parents had thought
2	'll bet most parents had thought
2	bet most parents had thought
2	most parents had thought
2	most parents
2	had thought
2	hoped !
2	-- was a fad that had long since vanished .
1	was a fad that had long since vanished .
2	was a fad that had long since vanished
1	a fad that had long since vanished
2	a fad
2	that had long since vanished
2	had long since vanished
2	had long since
2	long since
1	It 's a long way from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -LRB- 1984 -RRB- to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation .
3	It 's a long way from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -LRB- 1984 -RRB- to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation
1	It 's a long way from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -LRB- 1984 -RRB- to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium , and
1	It 's a long way from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -LRB- 1984 -RRB- to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium ,
1	It 's a long way from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -LRB- 1984 -RRB- to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium
1	's a long way from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -LRB- 1984 -RRB- to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium
1	's a long way from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -LRB- 1984 -RRB-
2	's a long way
2	a long way
2	long way
2	from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -LRB- 1984 -RRB-
2	Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry -LRB- 1984 -RRB-
1	Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry
2	Orwell 's
3	dark , intelligent warning cry
3	dark , intelligent
3	, intelligent
2	warning cry
2	-LRB- 1984 -RRB-
2	1984 -RRB-
1	to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium
1	the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium
1	the empty stud knockabout
1	empty stud knockabout
2	stud knockabout
2	of Equilibrium
1	what once was conviction is now affectation
3	what once was conviction
2	once was conviction
2	was conviction
2	is now affectation
2	is now
1	Its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .
1	Its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary
3	Its premise is smart , but
3	Its premise is smart ,
3	Its premise is smart
2	Its premise
3	is smart
1	the execution is pretty weary
1	the execution
1	is pretty weary
1	pretty weary
1	The holiday message of the 37-minute Santa vs. the Snowman leaves a lot to be desired .
2	The holiday message of the 37-minute Santa vs. the Snowman
2	The holiday message
2	holiday message
2	of the 37-minute Santa vs. the Snowman
2	the 37-minute Santa vs. the Snowman
2	the 37-minute Santa
2	37-minute Santa
2	vs. the Snowman
2	the Snowman
0	leaves a lot to be desired .
1	leaves a lot to be desired
2	a lot to be desired
1	lot to be desired
2	to be desired
2	be desired
3	more precious than perspicacious
3	precious than perspicacious
2	than perspicacious
1	If you saw it on TV , you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .
2	If you saw it on TV
2	you saw it on TV
2	saw it on TV
2	saw it
2	on TV
1	, you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .
1	you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .
1	'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .
1	'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie
2	'd probably turn it off , convinced
1	'd probably turn it off ,
1	'd probably turn it off
2	'd probably
1	turn it off
2	turn it
1	that you had already seen that movie
1	you had already seen that movie
2	had already seen that movie
2	had already
2	seen that movie
2	that movie
1	-LRB- T -RRB- he script is n't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .
1	-LRB- T -RRB- he script is n't up to the level of the direction
2	-LRB- T -RRB-
2	T -RRB-
3	he script is n't up to the level of the direction
1	script is n't up to the level of the direction
2	is n't up to the level of the direction
1	is n't
2	up to the level of the direction
2	to the level of the direction
2	the level of the direction
2	the level
2	of the direction
2	the direction
1	, nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .
2	nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .
1	are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .
1	are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
1	the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
2	the uneven performances
1	uneven performances
1	by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
1	the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
2	the cast members ,
2	the cast members
2	cast members
1	who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
1	seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
2	seem bound and determined
2	bound and determined
2	bound and
2	to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
2	duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
2	Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
2	Bela Lugosi 's
2	Lugosi 's
2	now-cliched vampire accent
2	vampire accent
0	If this is cinema , I pledge allegiance to Cagney and Lacey .
1	If this is cinema
4	this is cinema
3	is cinema
3	, I pledge allegiance to Cagney and Lacey .
3	I pledge allegiance to Cagney and Lacey .
2	pledge allegiance to Cagney and Lacey .
2	pledge allegiance to Cagney and Lacey
2	pledge allegiance
2	to Cagney and Lacey
2	Cagney and Lacey
2	Cagney and
3	Enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise .
4	looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise .
3	looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise
4	great , has solid acting and a neat premise
3	, has solid acting and a neat premise
3	has solid acting and a neat premise
4	solid acting and a neat premise
3	solid acting and
3	solid acting
3	a neat premise
3	neat premise
1	Yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
1	why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
1	why it fails
0	it fails
2	is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
2	is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma
3	a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma
2	a riddle
2	wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma
2	in a mystery inside an enigma
2	a mystery inside an enigma
2	a mystery
3	inside an enigma
2	an enigma
2	Most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes .
2	Most of the characters
2	of the characters
2	the characters
1	come off as pantomimesque sterotypes .
1	come off as pantomimesque sterotypes
2	come off
1	as pantomimesque sterotypes
1	pantomimesque sterotypes
1	Starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .
0	promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .
1	but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .
1	but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera
0	disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera
0	into a dreary , humorless soap opera
0	a dreary , humorless soap opera
0	dreary , humorless soap opera
1	, humorless soap opera
0	humorless soap opera
1	soap opera
3	While there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the Elizabethans -LRB- as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics -RRB- , Much Ado About Something is an amicable endeavor .
1	While there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the Elizabethans -LRB- as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics -RRB-
1	there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the Elizabethans -LRB- as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics -RRB-
1	's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the Elizabethans -LRB- as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics -RRB-
2	likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the Elizabethans -LRB- as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics -RRB-
2	likely very
1	little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the Elizabethans -LRB- as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics -RRB-
2	little crossover
1	appeal to those without much interest in the Elizabethans -LRB- as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics -RRB-
3	appeal to those without much interest in the Elizabethans
2	appeal to those
2	to those
1	without much interest in the Elizabethans
2	much interest in the Elizabethans
3	much interest
2	in the Elizabethans
2	the Elizabethans
0	-LRB- as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics -RRB-
1	as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics -RRB-
1	as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
2	as well as
2	well as
0	rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
1	rank frustration from those in the
1	rank frustration from those
1	frustration from those
2	from those
3	in the
1	know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
1	about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
1	Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
2	Rubbo 's
1	dumbed-down tactics
3	, Much Ado About Something is an amicable endeavor .
3	Much Ado About Something is an amicable endeavor .
2	Much Ado
3	About Something is an amicable endeavor .
2	About Something
3	is an amicable endeavor .
3	is an amicable endeavor
3	an amicable endeavor
2	amicable endeavor
2	It 's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick .
2	It 's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick
1	It 's actually too sincere --
1	It 's actually too sincere
2	's actually too sincere
2	's actually
2	too sincere
2	the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick
2	the crime movie equivalent of a chick
1	the crime movie equivalent
3	crime movie equivalent
2	movie equivalent
2	of a chick
2	a chick
2	Most of the film feels conceived and shot on the fly -- like between lunch breaks for Shearer 's radio show and his Simpson voice-overs .
2	Most of the film
2	of the film
2	the film
1	feels conceived and shot on the fly -- like between lunch breaks for Shearer 's radio show and his Simpson voice-overs .
1	feels conceived and shot on the fly -- like between lunch breaks for Shearer 's radio show and his Simpson voice-overs
1	conceived and shot on the fly -- like between lunch breaks for Shearer 's radio show and his Simpson voice-overs
2	conceived and shot
2	conceived and
2	on the fly -- like between lunch breaks for Shearer 's radio show and his Simpson voice-overs
2	the fly -- like between lunch breaks for Shearer 's radio show and his Simpson voice-overs
2	the fly -- like between lunch breaks for Shearer 's radio show and
2	the fly -- like between lunch breaks for Shearer 's radio show
2	the fly --
2	the fly
2	like between lunch breaks for Shearer 's radio show
2	between lunch breaks for Shearer 's radio show
2	lunch breaks for Shearer 's radio show
2	lunch breaks
2	for Shearer 's radio show
2	Shearer 's radio show
2	Shearer 's
2	radio show
2	his Simpson voice-overs
2	Simpson voice-overs
1	Perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` Serving Sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff .
1	Perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` Serving Sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff
2	Perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but
4	Perry 's good and his is an interesting character ,
3	Perry 's good and his is an interesting character
3	Perry 's good and
3	Perry 's good
3	's good
3	his is an interesting character
3	is an interesting character
3	an interesting character
3	interesting character
0	`` Serving Sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff
0	Serving Sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff
2	Serving Sara
0	'' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff
1	has n't much more to serve than silly fluff
2	has n't much more
2	has n't
2	much more
2	to serve than silly fluff
2	serve than silly fluff
2	than silly fluff
1	silly fluff
2	Nor is it a romantic comedy .
2	is it a romantic comedy .
2	is it a romantic comedy
2	is it
3	a romantic comedy
3	a romantic
2	Culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-Harry Potter -- right down to the Gryffindor scarf .
3	turns his character into what is basically an anti-Harry Potter -- right down to the Gryffindor scarf .
2	turns his character into what is basically an anti-Harry Potter -- right down to the Gryffindor scarf
1	turns his character into what is basically an anti-Harry Potter --
2	turns his character into what is basically an anti-Harry Potter
2	turns his character
2	his character
2	into what is basically an anti-Harry Potter
2	what is basically an anti-Harry Potter
2	is basically an anti-Harry Potter
2	is basically
2	an anti-Harry Potter
2	anti-Harry Potter
2	right down to the Gryffindor scarf
2	right down
2	to the Gryffindor scarf
2	the Gryffindor scarf
2	Gryffindor scarf
1	Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .
0	Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual
1	Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and
1	Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp
0	Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and ,
1	Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and
1	Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid
3	Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension
2	for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension
1	a peculiar malaise that renders its tension
1	a peculiar malaise
1	peculiar malaise
2	that renders its tension
2	renders its tension
2	its tension
2	by extension , its surprises limp
2	by extension
2	, its surprises limp
1	its surprises limp
3	its surprises
2	its resolutions ritual
2	its resolutions
2	It 's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .
1	's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .
2	's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good
2	a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good
2	a documentary
1	that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good
1	says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good
2	that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good
1	the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good
2	the alternate sexuality meant to set you free
2	the alternate sexuality
3	alternate sexuality
2	meant to set you free
2	to set you free
3	set you free
2	you free
1	may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good
2	require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good
2	require so much
2	so much
1	relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good
2	relationship maintenance
2	that celibacy can start looking good
2	celibacy can start looking good
3	can start looking good
3	start looking good
3	looking good
1	In the not-too-distant future , movies like Ghost Ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds .
2	In the not-too-distant future
2	the not-too-distant future
2	not-too-distant future
1	, movies like Ghost Ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds .
2	movies like Ghost Ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds .
2	movies like Ghost Ship
2	like Ghost Ship
2	Ghost Ship
2	will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds .
2	will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds
3	be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds
2	used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds
2	as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds
2	analgesic balm for overstimulated minds
2	analgesic balm
1	for overstimulated minds
1	overstimulated minds
1	Right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
2	Right now
1	, they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
1	they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
1	're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
1	're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination
2	're merely
1	signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination
1	marking the slow , lingering death of imagination
1	the slow , lingering death of imagination
2	the slow , lingering death
2	slow , lingering death
2	, lingering death
1	lingering death
2	of imagination
1	The movie 's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie and watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
2	The movie 's biggest shocks
2	The movie 's
2	movie 's
2	biggest shocks
1	come from seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie and watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
1	come from seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie and watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
1	from seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie and watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
1	seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie and watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
2	seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie and
2	seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie
2	seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis
2	former nymphette Juliette Lewis
2	nymphette Juliette Lewis
2	Juliette Lewis
2	playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie
2	a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie
2	a salt-of-the-earth mommy
2	salt-of-the-earth mommy
2	named Minnie
1	watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
1	Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
2	Slim travel incognito
2	travel incognito
1	in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
1	a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
1	a ridiculous wig
1	ridiculous wig
1	no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
2	no respectable Halloween costume shop
2	respectable Halloween costume shop
2	Halloween costume shop
2	costume shop
2	would ever try to sell
2	would ever
2	try to sell
2	to sell
1	Like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... Circuit gets drawn into the party .
1	Like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior
2	most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior
2	most movies
3	about the pitfalls of bad behavior
2	the pitfalls of bad behavior
3	the pitfalls
2	of bad behavior
0	bad behavior
2	... Circuit gets drawn into the party .
2	Circuit gets drawn into the party .
3	gets drawn into the party .
2	gets drawn into the party
2	drawn into the party
2	into the party
2	the party
0	It appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .
2	appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .
1	appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making
1	as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making
1	if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making
1	even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making
2	even the filmmakers
2	the filmmakers
1	did n't know what kind of movie they were making
2	did n't
2	know what kind of movie they were making
2	what kind of movie they were making
2	what kind of movie
2	what kind
2	of movie
2	they were making
2	were making
0	Beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
2	Beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce
1	the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce
2	the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade
2	uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade
2	, inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade
2	inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade
2	inevitable and seemingly
1	inevitable and
2	shrewd facade
2	of movie-biz farce
2	movie-biz farce
0	... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
1	lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
1	lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments
0	a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments
2	a plot
0	cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments
2	cobbled together
0	from largely flat and uncreative moments
1	largely flat and uncreative moments
1	largely flat and uncreative
1	flat and uncreative
1	flat and
2	Snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good .
1	relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good .
0	relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good
2	relies too much
1	too much
1	on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good
2	a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good
3	a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario
1	scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario
2	scorchingly plotted
2	dramatic scenario
2	for its own good
3	its own good
2	own good
1	Piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .
2	Piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent
2	Piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but
3	Piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes ,
3	Piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes
2	Piccoli 's performance
2	Piccoli 's
4	is amazing , yes
3	is amazing ,
4	is amazing
1	the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent
2	the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film
3	the symbols
1	of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film
2	loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film
1	loss and denial and life-at-arm 's -
2	loss and denial and life-at-arm 's
2	loss and denial and
1	loss and denial
2	loss and
2	life-at-arm 's
2	length in the film
2	in the film
2	the film
1	seem irritatingly transparent
1	irritatingly transparent
0	Starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
2	Starts out mediocre ,
2	Starts out mediocre
1	out mediocre
0	spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
1	spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion
1	spirals downward , and
1	spirals downward ,
1	spirals downward
2	thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion
2	to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion
1	the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion
2	the bottom
0	of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion
0	the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion
2	the pool
0	with an utterly incompetent conclusion
0	an utterly incompetent conclusion
0	utterly incompetent conclusion
0	utterly incompetent
1	Nicolas Cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .
1	Nicolas Cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career
1	Nicolas Cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and
1	Nicolas Cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray ,
1	Nicolas Cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray
2	Nicolas Cage
2	is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray
1	is n't
1	the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray
2	first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray
1	actor to lead a group of talented friends astray
1	to lead a group of talented friends astray
3	lead a group of talented friends astray
3	lead a group of talented friends
3	a group of talented friends
2	a group
2	of talented friends
3	talented friends
2	this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career
2	this movie
2	wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career
2	wo n't
1	create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career
1	a ruffle in what is already an erratic career
2	a ruffle
2	in what is already an erratic career
2	what is already an erratic career
2	is already an erratic career
2	is already
1	an erratic career
1	erratic career
1	It lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made -LRB- Eyre 's -RRB- first film something of a sleeper success .
2	lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made -LRB- Eyre 's -RRB- first film something of a sleeper success .
1	lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made -LRB- Eyre 's -RRB- first film something of a sleeper success
4	the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made -LRB- Eyre 's -RRB- first film something of a sleeper success
2	the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made -LRB- Eyre 's -RRB-
3	the compassion , good-natured humor and
3	the compassion , good-natured humor
4	compassion , good-natured humor
3	compassion , good-natured
2	, good-natured
2	the level of insight that made -LRB- Eyre 's -RRB-
2	the level of insight that made
2	the level of insight
2	the level
2	of insight
2	that made
2	-LRB- Eyre 's -RRB-
2	Eyre 's -RRB-
2	Eyre 's
3	first film something of a sleeper success
2	first film something
2	film something
3	of a sleeper success
3	a sleeper success
2	sleeper success
2	The result is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone .
2	The result
1	is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone .
2	is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone
2	good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone
2	good gossip ,
3	good gossip
2	entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone
1	delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone
3	delivered ,
1	yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone
1	with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone
1	a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone
1	a distinctly musty odour ,
1	a distinctly musty odour
2	distinctly musty odour
1	distinctly musty
1	its expiry date long gone
2	its expiry date
2	expiry date
1	long gone
1	A sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .
1	sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .
0	sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer
1	fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer
2	fest of self-congratulation between actor and director
1	of self-congratulation between actor and director
2	self-congratulation between actor and director
2	between actor and director
2	actor and director
2	actor and
2	that leaves scant place for the viewer
1	leaves scant place for the viewer
1	scant place for the viewer
1	scant place
2	for the viewer
2	the viewer
2	All Analyze That proves is that there is really only one movie 's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .
2	All Analyze That proves
2	All Analyze
2	That proves
1	is that there is really only one movie 's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .
2	is that there is really only one movie 's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise
2	that there is really only one movie 's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise
1	there is really only one movie 's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise
1	is really only one movie 's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise
3	is really only one movie 's worth of decent gags
2	is really
2	only one movie 's worth of decent gags
2	only one movie 's worth
2	only one movie 's
2	one movie 's
2	movie 's
3	of decent gags
3	decent gags
2	to be gleaned from the premise
2	be gleaned from the premise
2	gleaned from the premise
2	from the premise
2	the premise
1	Green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that .
1	Green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that
1	Green ruins every single scene he 's in , and
1	Green ruins every single scene he 's in ,
1	Green ruins every single scene he 's in
1	ruins every single scene he 's in
2	every single scene he 's in
3	every single scene
2	single scene
2	he 's in
2	's in
1	the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that
1	the film , while it 's not completely wreaked ,
1	the film , while it 's not completely wreaked
2	the film ,
2	the film
2	while it 's not completely wreaked
2	it 's not completely wreaked
2	's not completely wreaked
2	's not
1	completely wreaked
0	is seriously compromised by that
2	is seriously
2	compromised by that
2	by that
0	There 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
0	's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
0	's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy
2	's not
3	a comedic moment in this romantic comedy
3	a comedic moment
2	comedic moment
3	in this romantic comedy
3	this romantic comedy
2	romantic comedy
1	The story is predictable , the jokes are typical Sandler fare , and the romance with Ryder is puzzling .
1	The story is predictable , the jokes are typical Sandler fare , and the romance with Ryder is puzzling
1	The story is predictable , the jokes are typical Sandler fare , and
1	The story is predictable , the jokes are typical Sandler fare ,
1	The story is predictable
2	The story
1	is predictable
2	, the jokes are typical Sandler fare ,
2	the jokes are typical Sandler fare ,
2	the jokes are typical Sandler fare
2	the jokes
1	are typical Sandler fare
2	typical Sandler fare
2	Sandler fare
2	the romance with Ryder is puzzling
2	the romance with Ryder
2	the romance
2	with Ryder
2	is puzzling
2	Wallace directs with such patronising reverence , it turns the stomach .
1	Wallace directs with such patronising reverence
3	directs with such patronising reverence
1	with such patronising reverence
1	such patronising reverence
1	patronising reverence
2	, it turns the stomach .
1	it turns the stomach .
2	turns the stomach .
1	turns the stomach
2	the stomach
1	Resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project .
1	has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project .
0	has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project
0	the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project
2	the dubious distinction
2	dubious distinction
0	of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project
0	being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project
2	a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project
0	a really bad imitation
0	really bad imitation
0	really bad
1	of the really bad Blair Witch Project
0	the really bad Blair Witch Project
0	really bad Blair Witch Project
0	really bad
2	Blair Witch Project
2	Witch Project
0	Poor Ben Bratt could n't find stardom if MapQuest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
2	Poor Ben Bratt
2	Ben Bratt
0	could n't find stardom if MapQuest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
0	could n't find stardom if MapQuest emailed him point-to-point driving directions
1	could n't
2	find stardom if MapQuest emailed him point-to-point driving directions
2	find stardom
3	if MapQuest emailed him point-to-point driving directions
2	MapQuest emailed him point-to-point driving directions
2	emailed him point-to-point driving directions
2	him point-to-point driving directions
2	point-to-point driving directions
2	driving directions
1	Pretend like your SAT scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .
0	Pretend like your SAT scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws
0	Pretend like your SAT scores are below 120 and
0	Pretend like your SAT scores are below 120
2	Pretend like your SAT scores
2	like your SAT scores
2	your SAT scores
2	SAT scores
2	are below 120
2	below 120
2	you might not notice the flaws
2	might not notice the flaws
2	might not
1	notice the flaws
1	the flaws
1	Unlike Trey Parker , Sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .
2	Unlike Trey Parker
2	Trey Parker
1	, Sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .
1	Sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .
0	does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .
1	does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself
1	does n't
0	understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself
1	that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself
1	the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself
1	the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs
2	the idea
1	of exploiting molestation for laughs
0	exploiting molestation for laughs
2	exploiting molestation
3	for laughs
3	is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself
3	is funny ,
3	is funny
2	not actually exploiting it yourself
1	actually exploiting it yourself
1	exploiting it yourself
2	it yourself
1	A fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .
1	A fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them
1	A fake street drama that keeps telling you
1	A fake street drama
2	fake street drama
2	street drama
2	that keeps telling you
2	keeps telling you
2	telling you
2	things instead of showing them
2	instead of showing them
2	of showing them
2	showing them
0	An empty , purposeless exercise .
0	An empty , purposeless
1	empty , purposeless
1	, purposeless
2	exercise .
2	Earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock .
3	Earnest and tentative
2	Earnest and
2	even when it aims to shock .
2	even when it aims to shock
2	when it aims to shock
2	it aims to shock
3	aims to shock
2	to shock
0	Haneke 's script -LRB- from Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .
2	Haneke 's script -LRB- from Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB-
2	Haneke 's script
2	Haneke 's
2	-LRB- from Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB-
2	from Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB-
2	from Elfriede Jelinek 's novel
2	Elfriede Jelinek 's novel
2	Elfriede Jelinek 's
2	Jelinek 's
0	is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .
0	is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending
1	is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive ,
0	is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive
1	contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive
0	contrived , unmotivated , and
1	contrived , unmotivated ,
1	contrived , unmotivated
1	contrived ,
1	psychologically unpersuasive
2	with an inconclusive ending
1	an inconclusive ending
1	inconclusive ending
1	A sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .
2	A sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is
3	A sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait
2	sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait
2	sometimes incisive and sensitive
3	incisive and sensitive
3	incisive and
2	that is
1	undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .
1	undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama
0	undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering
1	by its awkward structure and a final veering
1	its awkward structure and a final veering
1	its awkward structure and
1	its awkward structure
1	awkward structure
2	a final veering
2	final veering
2	toward melodrama
1	Those 24-and-unders looking for their own Caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .
2	Those 24-and-unders looking for their own Caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost
2	Those 24-and-unders
2	looking for their own Caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost
2	looking for their own Caddyshack
2	for their own Caddyshack
2	their own Caddyshack
2	own Caddyshack
3	to adopt as a generational signpost
2	adopt as a generational signpost
2	as a generational signpost
3	a generational signpost
3	generational signpost
1	may have to keep on looking .
2	may have to keep on looking
2	have to keep on looking
2	to keep on looking
2	keep on looking
2	on looking
1	A distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze .
2	A distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze
2	A distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and
1	A distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness
2	A distinctly mixed bag ,
2	A distinctly mixed bag
2	distinctly mixed bag
2	distinctly mixed
2	the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness
3	the occasional bursts of sharp writing
3	the occasional bursts
2	occasional bursts
3	of sharp writing
3	sharp writing
1	alternating with lots of sloppiness
1	with lots of sloppiness
0	lots of sloppiness
2	of sloppiness
1	the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze
2	the obligatory moments
2	obligatory moments
1	of sentimental ooze
1	sentimental ooze
1	What begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .
3	What begins brightly
2	begins brightly
0	gets bogged down over 140 minutes .
1	gets bogged down over 140 minutes
1	bogged down over 140 minutes
1	down over 140 minutes
2	over 140 minutes
2	140 minutes
2	Ultimately , Jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .
1	, Jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .
1	Jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .
1	learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .
1	learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with
2	learns her place as a girl , softens up and
2	learns her place as a girl , softens up
2	learns her place as a girl ,
2	learns her place as a girl
2	learns her place
2	her place
2	as a girl
2	a girl
2	softens up
1	loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with
3	some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with
3	of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with
3	the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with
3	the intensity
3	that made her an interesting character to begin with
3	made her an interesting character to begin with
2	made her
3	an interesting character to begin with
3	interesting character to begin with
2	character to begin with
2	to begin with
3	begin with
1	Ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over .
2	Ah-nuld 's action hero days
1	Ah-nuld 's
2	action hero days
2	hero days
2	might be over .
2	might be over
3	be over
1	It 's clear why Deuces Wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf .
1	's clear why Deuces Wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf .
1	's clear why Deuces Wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf
2	's clear
2	why Deuces Wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf
1	Deuces Wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf
2	Deuces Wild , which was shot two years ago ,
2	Deuces Wild , which was shot two years ago
2	Deuces Wild ,
2	Deuces Wild
3	which was shot two years ago
2	was shot two years ago
1	shot two years ago
2	two years ago
2	two years
1	has been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf
1	been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf
1	gathering dust on MGM 's shelf
1	gathering dust
1	on MGM 's shelf
2	MGM 's shelf
2	MGM 's
2	Feels like nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker 's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women .
2	like nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker 's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women .
1	like nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker 's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women
1	nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker 's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women
2	nothing quite so much
2	nothing quite so
2	quite so
2	as a middle-aged moviemaker 's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women
1	a middle-aged moviemaker 's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women
2	a middle-aged moviemaker 's
2	middle-aged moviemaker 's
2	moviemaker 's
2	attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women
2	to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women
2	surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women
2	surround himself
3	with beautiful , half-naked women
2	beautiful , half-naked women
2	, half-naked women
2	half-naked women
2	When the precise nature of Matthew 's predicament finally comes into sharp focus , the revelation fails to justify the build-up .
2	When the precise nature of Matthew 's predicament finally comes into sharp focus
2	the precise nature of Matthew 's predicament finally comes into sharp focus
2	the precise nature of Matthew 's predicament
2	the precise nature
2	precise nature
2	of Matthew 's predicament
3	Matthew 's predicament
2	Matthew 's
3	finally comes into sharp focus
3	comes into sharp focus
2	into sharp focus
3	sharp focus
2	, the revelation fails to justify the build-up .
1	the revelation fails to justify the build-up .
2	the revelation
1	fails to justify the build-up .
1	fails to justify the build-up
2	to justify the build-up
3	justify the build-up
2	the build-up
0	This picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .
3	This picture
1	is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .
2	is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's , despite a few whopping shootouts
1	is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's ,
0	murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's ,
1	by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's ,
2	by numbers
1	, and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's ,
0	, and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's
3	, and
1	as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's
1	easy to be bored by as your ABC 's
1	to be bored by as your ABC 's
1	be bored by as your ABC 's
1	bored by as your ABC 's
2	by as your ABC 's
2	as your ABC 's
2	your ABC 's
2	your ABC
2	despite a few whopping shootouts
2	a few whopping shootouts
2	few whopping shootouts
2	whopping shootouts
2	Hilarious musical comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud .
4	Hilarious musical comedy
2	musical comedy
2	though stymied by accents thick as mud .
1	stymied by accents thick as mud .
1	stymied by accents thick as mud
1	by accents thick as mud
1	accents thick as mud
1	thick as mud
2	as mud
3	If you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea .
2	If you are into splatter movies
2	you are into splatter movies
2	are into splatter movies
1	into splatter movies
2	splatter movies
3	, then you will probably have a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea .
3	then you will probably have a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea .
3	you will probably have a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea .
3	will probably have a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea .
3	will probably have a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea
3	will probably
3	have a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea
3	a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea
3	a reasonably good time
3	reasonably good time
3	reasonably good
2	with The Salton Sea
2	The Salton Sea
2	Salton Sea
0	A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .
0	A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets
0	A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs ,
0	A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs
0	A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale
0	dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale
0	dull , simple-minded and stereotypical
0	, simple-minded and stereotypical
1	simple-minded and stereotypical
1	simple-minded and
2	of drugs
1	death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets
0	death and mind-numbing indifference
1	and mind-numbing indifference
1	mind-numbing indifference
2	on the inner-city streets
2	the inner-city streets
3	inner-city streets
1	The feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept .
1	The feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept
2	The feature-length stretch ...
2	The feature-length stretch
1	feature-length stretch
2	strains the show 's concept
3	the show 's concept
2	the show 's
2	show 's
1	This slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .
2	This slender plot
2	slender plot
1	feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .
1	feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time
0	especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time
1	thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time
1	stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time
2	over the nearly 80-minute running time
2	the nearly 80-minute running time
2	nearly 80-minute running time
2	nearly 80-minute
2	running time
2	A film that will probably please people already fascinated by Behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration .
4	A film that will probably please people
2	A film
3	that will probably please people
3	will probably please people
3	will probably
3	please people
2	already fascinated by Behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration .
3	fascinated by Behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration .
2	fascinated by Behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration
2	fascinated by Behan but
2	fascinated by Behan
2	by Behan
1	leave everyone else yawning with admiration
1	everyone else yawning with admiration
2	else yawning with admiration
2	yawning with admiration
2	with admiration
2	Davis the performer is plenty fetching enough , but she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine .
1	Davis the performer is plenty fetching enough , but she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine
2	Davis the performer is plenty fetching enough , but
3	Davis the performer is plenty fetching enough ,
2	Davis the performer is plenty fetching enough
2	Davis the performer
2	the performer
3	is plenty fetching enough
2	is plenty
2	fetching enough
0	she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine
1	needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine
2	to shake up the mix , and work in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine
1	shake up the mix , and work in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine
2	shake up the mix , and
2	shake up the mix ,
2	shake up the mix
2	shake up
2	the mix
0	work in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine
2	in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine
3	something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine
2	that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine
3	does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine
1	does n't
1	feel like a half-baked stand-up routine
1	like a half-baked stand-up routine
3	a half-baked stand-up routine
1	half-baked stand-up routine
2	stand-up routine
1	The densest distillation of Roberts ' movies ever made .
1	The densest distillation of Roberts ' movies
2	The densest distillation
2	densest distillation
2	of Roberts ' movies
2	Roberts ' movies
2	Roberts '
2	ever made .
2	made .
1	Ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly American abroad , and the too-frosty exterior Ms. Paltrow employs to authenticate her British persona is another liability .
0	, the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly American abroad , and the too-frosty exterior Ms. Paltrow employs to authenticate her British persona is another liability .
0	the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly American abroad , and the too-frosty exterior Ms. Paltrow employs to authenticate her British persona is another liability .
0	the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly American abroad , and the too-frosty exterior Ms. Paltrow employs to authenticate her British persona is another liability
0	the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly American abroad , and
1	the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly American abroad ,
1	the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly American abroad
2	the film
0	never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly American abroad
2	recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly American abroad
2	recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly American
0	from the clumsy cliché of the ugly American
0	the clumsy cliché of the ugly American
1	the clumsy cliché
0	clumsy cliché
1	of the ugly American
2	the ugly American
2	ugly American
2	the too-frosty exterior Ms. Paltrow employs to authenticate her British persona is another liability
2	the too-frosty exterior Ms. Paltrow employs to authenticate her British persona
1	the too-frosty exterior
1	too-frosty exterior
1	Ms. Paltrow employs to authenticate her British persona
2	Ms. Paltrow
3	employs to authenticate her British persona
2	to authenticate her British persona
3	authenticate her British persona
2	her British persona
2	British persona
1	is another liability
2	another liability
1	A handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on PBS than a night out at an AMC .
1	A handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more
2	A handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama
1	handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama
2	handsome but unfulfilling
2	handsome but
2	suspense drama
1	suited to a quiet evening on PBS than a night out at an AMC .
1	suited to a quiet evening on PBS than a night out at an AMC
2	suited to a quiet evening on PBS than a night out
1	suited to a quiet evening on PBS
2	to a quiet evening on PBS
2	a quiet evening on PBS
2	a quiet evening
2	quiet evening
2	on PBS
2	than a night out
2	a night out
3	night out
2	at an AMC
2	an AMC
2	Tom Green and an Ivy League college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
2	Tom Green and an Ivy League college
2	Tom Green and
2	Tom Green
2	an Ivy League college
3	Ivy League college
2	League college
1	should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
0	should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
2	should never
1	appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
2	appear together
1	on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
0	a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
2	a marquee ,
2	a marquee
0	especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
2	especially when
0	the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
3	the payoff
1	is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
1	an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
1	an unschooled comedy
1	unschooled comedy
0	like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
0	Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
2	Stealing Harvard ,
2	Stealing Harvard
0	which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
0	fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
0	to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
3	keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
2	keep 80 minutes
2	80 minutes
2	from seeming like 800
2	seeming like 800
2	like 800
2	-LRB- It -RRB- highlights not so much the crime lord 's messianic bent , but Spacey 's .
2	-LRB- It -RRB- highlights not so much the crime lord 's messianic bent , but Spacey 's
2	-LRB- It -RRB- highlights not so much the crime lord 's messianic bent , but
3	-LRB- It -RRB- highlights not so much the crime lord 's messianic bent ,
2	-LRB- It -RRB- highlights not so much the crime lord 's messianic bent
2	It -RRB- highlights not so much the crime lord 's messianic bent
2	-RRB- highlights not so much the crime lord 's messianic bent
2	highlights not so much the crime lord 's messianic bent
2	highlights not so much
2	not so much
2	so much
2	the crime lord 's messianic bent
2	the crime lord 's
2	crime lord 's
2	lord 's
2	messianic bent
2	Spacey 's
0	Master of Disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .
2	Master of Disguise
2	of Disguise
2	runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .
0	runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours
1	runs for only 71 minutes and
2	runs for only 71 minutes
3	for only 71 minutes
2	only 71 minutes
2	only 71
1	feels like three hours
2	like three hours
2	three hours
1	A reworking of Die Hard and Cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either .
2	A reworking of Die Hard and Cliffhanger but it
1	A reworking of Die Hard and Cliffhanger
2	A reworking
2	of Die Hard and Cliffhanger
2	Die Hard and Cliffhanger
2	Hard and Cliffhanger
2	Hard and
2	but it
1	's nowhere near as exciting as either .
1	's nowhere near as exciting as either
1	's nowhere near
2	nowhere near
2	as exciting as either
2	exciting as either
2	as either
0	Suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .
1	Suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness
1	Suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense
1	from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense
1	unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense
1	unlikable characters and
1	unlikable characters
2	a self-conscious sense
2	self-conscious sense
2	of its own quirky hipness
3	its own quirky hipness
3	own quirky hipness
2	quirky hipness
1	A film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .
1	A film without surprise
2	A film
2	without surprise
2	geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .
3	geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity
3	toward maximum comfort and familiarity
3	maximum comfort and familiarity
3	comfort and familiarity
2	comfort and
3	Fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget .
4	Fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget
4	Fessenden continues to do interesting work , and
4	Fessenden continues to do interesting work ,
3	Fessenden continues to do interesting work
3	continues to do interesting work
2	to do interesting work
2	do interesting work
3	interesting work
3	it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget
2	would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget
2	be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget
3	nice to see what he could make with a decent budget
2	to see what he could make with a decent budget
3	see what he could make with a decent budget
3	what he could make with a decent budget
2	he could make with a decent budget
2	could make with a decent budget
2	make with a decent budget
2	with a decent budget
2	a decent budget
2	decent budget
1	But the problem with Wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources .
1	the problem with Wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources .
2	the problem with Wendigo , for all its effective moments ,
2	the problem with Wendigo , for all its effective moments
1	the problem with Wendigo ,
1	the problem with Wendigo
1	the problem
2	with Wendigo
2	for all its effective moments
3	all its effective moments
2	its effective moments
3	effective moments
2	is n't really one of resources .
1	is n't really one of resources
2	is n't really
1	is n't
2	one of resources
2	of resources
3	Spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative .
2	Spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative
3	Spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but
3	Spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards ,
4	Spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards
3	Spirit is a visual treat , and
3	Spirit is a visual treat ,
4	Spirit is a visual treat
3	is a visual treat
4	a visual treat
3	visual treat
3	it takes chances that are bold by studio standards
3	takes chances that are bold by studio standards
2	chances that are bold by studio standards
2	that are bold by studio standards
2	are bold by studio standards
3	bold by studio standards
2	by studio standards
2	studio standards
1	it lacks a strong narrative
1	lacks a strong narrative
3	a strong narrative
3	strong narrative
1	It stars schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie .
1	stars schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie .
2	stars schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie
1	schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie
1	schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins ,
3	schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins
2	Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins
3	Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins
2	and stolid Anthony Hopkins
2	stolid Anthony Hopkins
2	Anthony Hopkins
1	who seem barely in the same movie
1	seem barely in the same movie
2	seem barely
2	in the same movie
2	the same movie
2	same movie
1	Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle .
1	Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle
1	Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic --
0	Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic
3	Their contrast
1	is neither dramatic nor comic
1	neither dramatic nor comic
1	dramatic nor comic
1	dramatic nor
2	it 's just a weird fizzle
2	's just a weird fizzle
2	's just
1	a weird fizzle
2	weird fizzle
3	This is a children 's film in the truest sense .
3	is a children 's film in the truest sense .
4	is a children 's film in the truest sense
3	a children 's film in the truest sense
2	a children 's film
2	a children 's
2	children 's
3	in the truest sense
2	the truest sense
3	truest sense
4	It 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids .
4	It 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids
4	It 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so
4	It 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message ,
3	It 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message
4	's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message
4	packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message
4	with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message
3	adventure and a worthwhile environmental message
2	adventure and
3	a worthwhile environmental message
3	worthwhile environmental message
2	environmental message
4	it 's great for the kids
3	's great for the kids
4	great for the kids
3	for the kids
2	the kids
2	Parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there is n't enough clever innuendo to fil
2	Parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and
2	Parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times ,
2	Parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times
2	, on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times
2	on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times
2	on the other hand
2	the other hand
2	other hand
3	, will be ahead of the plot at all times
2	will be ahead of the plot at all times
2	be ahead of the plot at all times
2	be ahead
2	of the plot at all times
3	the plot at all times
2	the plot
2	at all times
2	all times
2	there is n't enough clever innuendo to fil
1	is n't enough clever innuendo to fil
1	is n't
3	enough clever innuendo to fil
3	enough clever
2	innuendo to fil
2	to fil
2	The niftiest trick perpetrated by The Importance of Being Earnest is the alchemical transmogrification of Wilde into Austen -- and a Hollywood-ized Austen at that .
3	The niftiest trick perpetrated by The Importance of Being Earnest
3	The niftiest trick
3	niftiest trick
2	perpetrated by The Importance of Being Earnest
2	by The Importance of Being Earnest
3	The Importance of Being Earnest
2	The Importance
2	of Being Earnest
2	Being Earnest
1	is the alchemical transmogrification of Wilde into Austen -- and a Hollywood-ized Austen at that .
1	is the alchemical transmogrification of Wilde into Austen -- and a Hollywood-ized Austen at that
2	the alchemical transmogrification of Wilde into Austen -- and a Hollywood-ized Austen at that
3	the alchemical transmogrification of Wilde into Austen -- and
3	the alchemical transmogrification of Wilde into Austen --
2	the alchemical transmogrification of Wilde into Austen
2	the alchemical transmogrification
2	alchemical transmogrification
2	of Wilde into Austen
2	Wilde into Austen
2	into Austen
2	a Hollywood-ized Austen at that
2	a Hollywood-ized Austen
2	Hollywood-ized Austen
2	at that
0	Tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art .
1	Tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art
1	Tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ;
1	Tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism
2	Tykwer 's surface flash
2	Tykwer 's
2	surface flash
1	is n't just a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism
1	is n't just
1	is n't
1	a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism
1	a poor fit
1	poor fit
2	with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism
2	Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism
2	Kieslowski 's
2	lyrical pessimism
0	it completely contradicts everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art
0	completely contradicts everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art
1	contradicts everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art
3	everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art
2	Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art
2	Kieslowski 's work
2	Kieslowski 's
2	aspired to , including the condition of art
2	aspired to ,
2	aspired to
2	including the condition of art
3	the condition of art
2	the condition
2	of art
2	Ice Age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on .
2	Ice Age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on
3	Ice Age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and
2	Ice Age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies ,
3	Ice Age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies
2	Ice Age
3	is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies
4	the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies
2	the first computer-generated feature cartoon
3	first computer-generated feature cartoon
2	computer-generated feature cartoon
2	feature cartoon
3	to feel like other movies
2	feel like other movies
2	like other movies
2	other movies
2	that makes for some glacial pacing early on
1	makes for some glacial pacing early on
1	makes for some glacial pacing
2	for some glacial pacing
2	some glacial pacing
2	glacial pacing
2	early on
1	Too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .
3	slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .
3	slick and manufactured to claim street credibility
3	slick and
1	manufactured to claim street credibility
2	to claim street credibility
2	claim street credibility
2	street credibility
1	Cherry Orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '
2	Cherry Orchard
0	is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '
0	is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story .
0	is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
1	badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
1	edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
1	, often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
1	often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
2	awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
1	directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
2	directed and
0	suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
1	from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
1	the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
2	the addition
2	of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
1	a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
1	a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence
1	wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence
1	wholly unnecessary
2	pre-credit sequence
3	designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
2	to give some of the characters a ` back story
2	give some of the characters a ` back story
2	give some of the characters
2	some of the characters
2	of the characters
2	the characters
2	a ` back story
2	` back story
2	back story
0	What ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits .
2	What ensues are much blood-splattering
1	ensues are much blood-splattering
2	are much blood-splattering
2	much blood-splattering
1	, mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits .
0	mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits .
0	mass drug-induced bowel
1	drug-induced bowel
1	evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits .
1	evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits
2	evacuations , and
2	evacuations ,
1	none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits
1	none-too-funny commentary
2	on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits
2	the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits
3	the cultural distinctions
2	cultural distinctions
2	between Americans and Brits
2	Americans and Brits
2	Americans and
1	A dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .
2	A dark comedy that
2	A dark comedy
3	dark comedy
1	goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .
1	goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so
1	goes for sick and demented humor simply
1	for sick and demented humor simply
1	for sick and demented humor
0	sick and demented humor
0	sick and demented
1	sick and
2	to do so
2	do so
1	The movie is without intent .
2	The movie
1	is without intent .
2	is without intent
3	without intent
2	Visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay .
3	Visually exciting
1	sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay .
1	sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay
1	film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay
1	which suffers from a lackluster screenplay
2	suffers from a lackluster screenplay
1	from a lackluster screenplay
0	a lackluster screenplay
1	lackluster screenplay
1	While Hollywood Ending has its share of belly laughs -LRB- including a knockout of a closing line -RRB- , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
3	While Hollywood Ending has its share of belly laughs -LRB- including a knockout of a closing line -RRB-
2	Hollywood Ending has its share of belly laughs -LRB- including a knockout of a closing line -RRB-
2	Hollywood Ending
4	has its share of belly laughs -LRB- including a knockout of a closing line -RRB-
3	its share of belly laughs -LRB- including a knockout of a closing line -RRB-
2	its share
3	of belly laughs -LRB- including a knockout of a closing line -RRB-
3	belly laughs -LRB- including a knockout of a closing line -RRB-
3	belly laughs
3	-LRB- including a knockout of a closing line -RRB-
3	including a knockout of a closing line -RRB-
3	including a knockout of a closing line
3	a knockout of a closing line
3	a knockout
2	of a closing line
2	a closing line
2	closing line
1	, the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
1	the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
2	the movie
1	winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
1	winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity
2	winds up
1	feeling like a great missed opportunity
1	like a great missed opportunity
1	a great missed opportunity
1	great missed opportunity
1	missed opportunity
1	If The Full Monty was a freshman fluke , Lucky Break is -LRB- Cattaneo -RRB- sophomore slump .
1	If The Full Monty was a freshman fluke
1	The Full Monty was a freshman fluke
2	The Full Monty
2	Full Monty
1	was a freshman fluke
2	a freshman fluke
1	freshman fluke
2	, Lucky Break is -LRB- Cattaneo -RRB- sophomore slump .
1	Lucky Break is -LRB- Cattaneo -RRB- sophomore slump .
2	Lucky Break
1	is -LRB- Cattaneo -RRB- sophomore slump .
1	is -LRB- Cattaneo -RRB- sophomore slump
1	-LRB- Cattaneo -RRB- sophomore slump
2	-LRB- Cattaneo -RRB-
2	Cattaneo -RRB-
1	sophomore slump
1	Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .
1	Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip
3	Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant make a great team , but
4	Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant make a great team ,
3	Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant make a great team
2	Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant
2	Bullock and Hugh Grant
2	and Hugh Grant
2	Hugh Grant
3	make a great team
3	a great team
3	great team
1	this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip
2	this predictable romantic comedy
1	predictable romantic comedy
2	romantic comedy
1	should get a pink slip
2	get a pink slip
2	a pink slip
2	pink slip
1	Allegiance to Chekhov , which director Michael Cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap .
3	Allegiance to Chekhov , which director Michael Cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard ,
2	Allegiance to Chekhov , which director Michael Cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard
2	Allegiance to Chekhov ,
3	Allegiance to Chekhov
2	to Chekhov
3	which director Michael Cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard
3	director Michael Cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard
3	director Michael Cacoyannis
2	Michael Cacoyannis
3	displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard
2	with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard
3	somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard
2	somber earnestness
2	in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard
2	the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard
2	the new adaptation
3	new adaptation
2	of The Cherry Orchard
2	The Cherry Orchard
2	Cherry Orchard
2	is a particularly vexing handicap .
1	is a particularly vexing handicap
2	a particularly vexing handicap
2	particularly vexing handicap
2	particularly vexing
0	You expect more from director Michael Apted -LRB- Enigma -RRB- and screenwriter Nicholas Kazan -LRB- Reversal of Fortune -RRB- than this cliche pileup .
1	expect more from director Michael Apted -LRB- Enigma -RRB- and screenwriter Nicholas Kazan -LRB- Reversal of Fortune -RRB- than this cliche pileup .
1	expect more from director Michael Apted -LRB- Enigma -RRB- and screenwriter Nicholas Kazan -LRB- Reversal of Fortune -RRB- than this cliche pileup
1	expect more from director Michael Apted -LRB- Enigma -RRB- and screenwriter Nicholas Kazan -LRB- Reversal of Fortune -RRB-
2	more from director Michael Apted -LRB- Enigma -RRB- and screenwriter Nicholas Kazan -LRB- Reversal of Fortune -RRB-
2	from director Michael Apted -LRB- Enigma -RRB- and screenwriter Nicholas Kazan -LRB- Reversal of Fortune -RRB-
2	director Michael Apted -LRB- Enigma -RRB- and screenwriter Nicholas Kazan -LRB- Reversal of Fortune -RRB-
2	director Michael Apted -LRB- Enigma -RRB- and screenwriter Nicholas Kazan
2	director Michael Apted -LRB- Enigma -RRB- and
2	director Michael Apted -LRB- Enigma -RRB-
2	director Michael Apted
2	Michael Apted
2	-LRB- Enigma -RRB-
2	Enigma -RRB-
2	screenwriter Nicholas Kazan
2	Nicholas Kazan
2	-LRB- Reversal of Fortune -RRB-
2	Reversal of Fortune -RRB-
2	Reversal of Fortune
2	of Fortune
2	than this cliche pileup
1	this cliche pileup
1	cliche pileup
1	The first mistake , I suspect , is casting Shatner as a legendary professor and Kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's Pauly Shore as the rocket scientist ?
1	The first mistake , I suspect ,
1	The first mistake
1	first mistake
2	, I suspect ,
2	I suspect ,
2	I suspect
2	is casting Shatner as a legendary professor and Kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's Pauly Shore as the rocket scientist ?
1	casting Shatner as a legendary professor and Kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's Pauly Shore as the rocket scientist ?
2	casting Shatner as a legendary professor and Kunis
2	Shatner as a legendary professor and Kunis
2	as a legendary professor and Kunis
2	a legendary professor and Kunis
2	a legendary professor and
3	a legendary professor
2	legendary professor
2	as a brilliant college student -- where 's Pauly Shore as the rocket scientist ?
3	a brilliant college student -- where 's Pauly Shore as the rocket scientist ?
3	a brilliant college student --
3	a brilliant college student
2	brilliant college student
2	college student
2	where 's Pauly Shore as the rocket scientist ?
2	's Pauly Shore as the rocket scientist ?
2	's Pauly Shore as the rocket scientist
2	Pauly Shore as the rocket scientist
2	Pauly Shore
2	as the rocket scientist
2	the rocket scientist
2	rocket scientist
1	The dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving .
1	The dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving
1	The dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and
1	The dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny ,
2	The dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny
2	The dramatic scenes
2	dramatic scenes
2	are frequently unintentionally funny
2	are frequently unintentionally
2	frequently unintentionally
0	the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving
3	the action sequences -- clearly the main event --
2	the action sequences
2	action sequences
2	-- clearly the main event --
2	clearly the main event --
2	the main event --
2	the main event
2	main event
2	are surprisingly uninvolving
1	surprisingly uninvolving
1	Replacing John Carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage .
1	Replacing John Carpenter 's stylish tracking shots
2	Replacing John Carpenter 's
2	John Carpenter 's
2	Carpenter 's
3	stylish tracking shots
2	tracking shots
1	is degraded , handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage .
1	is degraded , handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage
1	degraded , handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage
2	, handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage
2	handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage
1	Blair Witch video-cam footage
2	Witch video-cam footage
1	video-cam footage
0	Of all the Halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .
2	Of all the Halloween 's
2	all the Halloween 's
2	the Halloween 's
2	Halloween 's
0	, this is the most visually unappealing .
0	this is the most visually unappealing .
0	is the most visually unappealing .
1	is the most visually unappealing
2	is the most
2	the most
0	visually unappealing
1	It has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and R&B names and references .
1	has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and R&B names and references .
0	has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and R&B names and references
2	the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and R&B names and references
1	the requisite faux-urban vibe and
2	the requisite faux-urban vibe
1	requisite faux-urban vibe
2	faux-urban vibe
1	hotter-two-years-ago rap and R&B names and references
2	hotter-two-years-ago rap and R&B names and
2	hotter-two-years-ago rap and R&B names
3	rap and R&B names
2	and R&B names
2	R&B names
1	Despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
2	Despite its dry wit and compassion
2	its dry wit and compassion
3	dry wit and compassion
3	wit and compassion
2	wit and
0	, the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
0	the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
2	the film
0	suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
0	suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing
0	from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing
1	a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing
0	philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing
1	emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing
0	emptiness and maddeningly
1	emptiness and
2	sedate pacing
0	... feels as if -LRB- there 's -RRB- a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
0	feels as if -LRB- there 's -RRB- a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
0	feels as if -LRB- there 's -RRB- a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something
1	as if -LRB- there 's -RRB- a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something
2	if -LRB- there 's -RRB- a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something
2	-LRB- there 's -RRB- a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something
2	-LRB- there 's -RRB-
2	there 's -RRB-
2	there 's
2	a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something
1	a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes
1	a choke leash
2	choke leash
2	around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes
2	your neck so director Nick Cassavetes
2	your neck
2	so director Nick Cassavetes
2	director Nick Cassavetes
2	Nick Cassavetes
2	can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something
2	give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something
2	give it
2	a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something
3	a good , hard yank
2	good , hard yank
2	, hard yank
2	hard yank
2	whenever he wants you to feel something
3	he wants you to feel something
2	wants you to feel something
2	you to feel something
2	to feel something
2	feel something
0	Attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .
1	pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .
1	pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama
1	pushes too hard
2	too hard
2	to make this a comedy or serious drama
1	make this a comedy or serious drama
2	this a comedy or serious drama
2	a comedy or serious drama
2	a comedy or
2	a comedy
2	serious drama
1	He seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .
1	seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .
1	seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither
2	seems to want both , but
2	seems to want both ,
2	seems to want both
2	to want both
2	want both
1	succeeds in making neither
2	in making neither
2	making neither
1	I could have used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again .
0	could have used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again .
1	could have used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again
1	have used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again
1	used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again
1	used my two hours better watching
1	my two hours better watching
3	two hours better watching
2	two hours better
2	two hours
2	Being John Malkovich again
2	Being John Malkovich
2	John Malkovich
2	It 's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from .
1	It 's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from
2	It 's not a bad plot ; but ,
2	It 's not a bad plot ; but
3	It 's not a bad plot ;
2	It 's not a bad plot
2	's not a bad plot
2	's not
0	a bad plot
0	bad plot
1	unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from
2	, the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from
2	the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from
2	the movie
1	is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from
2	is nowhere near as
2	nowhere near as
2	near as
2	refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from
2	as all the classic dramas it borrows from
2	all the classic dramas it borrows from
3	all the classic dramas
2	the classic dramas
3	classic dramas
2	it borrows from
2	borrows from
1	Girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy .
0	Girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy
2	Girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and
1	Girlfriends are bad , wives are worse
2	Girlfriends are bad ,
2	Girlfriends are bad
1	are bad
1	wives are worse
1	are worse
1	babies are the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy
1	are the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy
1	the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy
2	the kiss
1	of death in this bitter Italian comedy
2	death in this bitter Italian comedy
2	in this bitter Italian comedy
1	this bitter Italian comedy
1	bitter Italian comedy
2	Italian comedy
1	The only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds .
1	The only young people who possibly will enjoy it
2	The only young people
2	only young people
2	young people
1	who possibly will enjoy it
3	possibly will enjoy it
4	will enjoy it
3	enjoy it
1	are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds .
2	are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds
2	are infants ...
1	are infants
2	who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds
1	might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds
1	might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and
2	might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements
2	be distracted by the movie 's quick movements
1	distracted by the movie 's quick movements
2	by the movie 's quick movements
2	the movie 's quick movements
2	the movie 's
2	movie 's
2	quick movements
3	The film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing .
1	The film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing
3	The film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but
3	The film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances ,
3	The film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances
2	The film
3	boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances
3	at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances
3	at least a few good ideas and
3	at least a few good ideas
2	at least
3	a few good ideas
3	few good ideas
3	good ideas
3	features some decent performances
3	some decent performances
3	decent performances
0	the result is disappointing
2	the result
1	is disappointing
1	No Such Thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .
2	No Such Thing
2	Such Thing
2	breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .
1	breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina
1	breaks no new ground and
1	breaks no new ground
2	no new ground
3	new ground
1	treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina
1	treads old turf
2	old turf
2	like a hippopotamus ballerina
2	a hippopotamus ballerina
2	hippopotamus ballerina
2	Unfortunately , neither Sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate .
1	, neither Sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate .
1	neither Sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate .
2	neither Sendak nor the directors
2	Sendak nor the directors
2	Sendak nor
2	the directors
4	are particularly engaging or articulate .
2	are particularly engaging or articulate
2	particularly engaging or articulate
2	particularly engaging or
4	particularly engaging
0	A wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .
2	A wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm
1	A wishy-washy melodramatic movie
1	wishy-washy melodramatic movie
3	melodramatic movie
2	that shows us plenty of sturm
2	shows us plenty of sturm
3	us plenty of sturm
2	plenty of sturm
2	of sturm
1	und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .
1	und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily
2	und drung , but
2	und drung ,
2	und drung
1	explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily
1	its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily
1	its characters ' decisions
2	its characters '
2	characters '
1	only unsatisfactorily
2	Bang !
3	Zoom !
2	It 's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places .
1	's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places .
1	's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places
3	's actually pretty funny , but
3	's actually pretty funny ,
3	's actually pretty funny
2	's actually
3	pretty funny
1	in all the wrong places
1	all the wrong places
2	the wrong places
1	wrong places
1	Lurid and less than lucid work .
0	Lurid and less than lucid work
1	Lurid and less
2	and less
2	than lucid work
3	lucid work
1	A wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a Mrs. Robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .
1	A wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a Mrs. Robinson complex
1	A wannabe comedy
1	wannabe comedy
2	of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a Mrs. Robinson complex
2	manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a Mrs. Robinson complex
3	about a brainy prep-school kid with a Mrs. Robinson complex
2	a brainy prep-school kid with a Mrs. Robinson complex
2	a brainy prep-school kid
2	brainy prep-school kid
2	prep-school kid
2	with a Mrs. Robinson complex
2	a Mrs. Robinson complex
2	Mrs. Robinson complex
2	Robinson complex
1	founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .
1	founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women
2	founders on its own preciousness -- and
2	founders on its own preciousness --
2	founders on its own preciousness
2	on its own preciousness
3	its own preciousness
3	own preciousness
1	squanders its beautiful women
4	its beautiful women
2	beautiful women
2	At a brief 42 minutes , we need more X and less blab .
2	At a brief 42 minutes
2	a brief 42 minutes
2	brief 42 minutes
2	42 minutes
1	, we need more X and less blab .
2	we need more X and less blab .
1	need more X and less blab .
1	need more X and less blab
2	more X and less blab
2	more X and
3	more X
1	less blab
3	If anything , see it for Karen Black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named Dirty Dick .
2	If anything
2	, see it for Karen Black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named Dirty Dick .
2	see it for Karen Black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named Dirty Dick .
2	see it for Karen Black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named Dirty Dick
3	see it
2	for Karen Black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named Dirty Dick
2	Karen Black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named Dirty Dick
2	Karen Black ,
2	Karen Black
2	who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named Dirty Dick
2	camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named Dirty Dick
1	up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named Dirty Dick
2	up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist
2	up a storm
2	a storm
1	as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist
2	a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist
1	fringe feminist conspiracy theorist
2	feminist conspiracy theorist
2	conspiracy theorist
2	named Dirty Dick
2	Dirty Dick
0	This 90-minute dud could pass for Mike Tyson 's E !
0	This 90-minute dud
1	90-minute dud
2	could pass for Mike Tyson 's E !
2	could pass for Mike Tyson 's E
2	pass for Mike Tyson 's E
2	for Mike Tyson 's E
2	Mike Tyson 's E
2	Mike Tyson 's
2	Tyson 's
2	True Hollywood Story .
2	Hollywood Story .
2	Story .
0	This is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio .
0	is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio .
0	is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio
3	is surely
0	one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio
1	of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio
2	the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio
1	the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured
1	most frantic , virulent and foul-natured
1	frantic , virulent and foul-natured
1	, virulent and foul-natured
1	virulent and foul-natured
2	virulent and
2	Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio
2	Christmas season pics
2	season pics
2	ever delivered by a Hollywood studio
2	delivered by a Hollywood studio
2	by a Hollywood studio
2	a Hollywood studio
2	Hollywood studio
0	Once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny .
1	Once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand
1	the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand
2	the expectation of laughter
2	the expectation
2	of laughter
2	has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand
1	been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand
2	quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand
2	by whatever obscenity is at hand
2	whatever obscenity is at hand
1	obscenity is at hand
2	is at hand
2	at hand
1	, even the funniest idea is n't funny .
2	even the funniest idea is n't funny .
2	even the funniest idea
3	the funniest idea
4	funniest idea
1	is n't funny .
1	is n't funny
1	is n't
2	A porn film without the sex scenes .
2	A porn film without the sex scenes
2	A porn film
2	porn film
2	without the sex scenes
2	the sex scenes
2	sex scenes
1	The connected stories of Breitbart and Hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in Invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .
2	The connected stories of Breitbart and Hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in Invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice
2	The connected stories of Breitbart and Hanussen are actually fascinating , but
3	The connected stories of Breitbart and Hanussen are actually fascinating ,
4	The connected stories of Breitbart and Hanussen are actually fascinating
2	The connected stories of Breitbart and Hanussen
2	The connected stories
2	connected stories
2	of Breitbart and Hanussen
2	Breitbart and Hanussen
2	Breitbart and
3	are actually fascinating
2	are actually
1	the filmmaking in Invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice
3	the filmmaking in Invincible
2	the filmmaking
2	in Invincible
1	is such that the movie does not do them justice
2	is such
1	that the movie does not do them justice
1	the movie does not do them justice
2	the movie
2	does not do them justice
2	does not
2	do them justice
2	do them
0	A depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .
1	A depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women
2	A depressingly retrograde ,
0	A depressingly retrograde
0	depressingly retrograde
1	` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women
2	` post-feminist ' romantic
2	post-feminist ' romantic
3	' romantic
0	comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women
1	that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women
0	takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women
0	an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women
2	an astonishingly condescending attitude
0	astonishingly condescending attitude
1	astonishingly condescending
2	toward women
1	Return to Never Land is much more P.C. than the original version -LRB- no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance -RRB- , but the excitement is missing .
1	Return to Never Land is much more P.C. than the original version -LRB- no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance -RRB- , but the excitement is missing
2	Return to Never Land is much more P.C. than the original version -LRB- no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance -RRB- , but
2	Return to Never Land is much more P.C. than the original version -LRB- no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance -RRB- ,
2	Return to Never Land is much more P.C. than the original version -LRB- no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance -RRB-
2	Return to Never Land
2	to Never Land
2	Never Land
3	is much more P.C. than the original version -LRB- no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance -RRB-
2	is much more
2	much more
2	P.C. than the original version -LRB- no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance -RRB-
2	than the original version -LRB- no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance -RRB-
2	the original version -LRB- no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance -RRB-
2	the original version
2	original version
3	-LRB- no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance -RRB-
1	no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance -RRB-
2	no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance
2	no more racist portraits of Indians ,
2	no more racist portraits of Indians
2	no more racist portraits
1	more racist portraits
1	racist portraits
2	of Indians
2	for instance
1	the excitement is missing
3	the excitement
2	is missing
2	By the end , you just do n't care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich -LRB- that would be Reno -RRB- gets his comeuppance .
2	By the end
2	the end
1	, you just do n't care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich -LRB- that would be Reno -RRB- gets his comeuppance .
1	you just do n't care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich -LRB- that would be Reno -RRB- gets his comeuppance .
1	just do n't care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich -LRB- that would be Reno -RRB- gets his comeuppance .
1	do n't care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich -LRB- that would be Reno -RRB- gets his comeuppance .
2	do n't care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich -LRB- that would be Reno -RRB- gets his comeuppance
2	do n't
1	care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich -LRB- that would be Reno -RRB- gets his comeuppance
2	whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich -LRB- that would be Reno -RRB- gets his comeuppance
2	that cold-hearted snake Petrovich -LRB- that would be Reno -RRB- gets his comeuppance
1	that cold-hearted snake Petrovich -LRB- that would be Reno -RRB-
1	that cold-hearted snake Petrovich
1	cold-hearted snake Petrovich
2	snake Petrovich
2	-LRB- that would be Reno -RRB-
2	that would be Reno -RRB-
2	that would be Reno
2	would be Reno
2	be Reno
2	gets his comeuppance
2	his comeuppance
3	Just bring on the Battle Bots , please !
2	bring on the Battle Bots , please !
3	bring on the Battle Bots , please
2	bring on the Battle Bots ,
2	bring on the Battle Bots
2	on the Battle Bots
3	the Battle Bots
2	Battle Bots
1	While it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
2	While it 's all quite tasteful to look at
3	it 's all quite tasteful to look at
3	's all quite tasteful to look at
2	's all
3	quite tasteful to look at
3	tasteful to look at
2	to look at
2	look at
1	, the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
1	the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
2	the attention process
2	attention process
1	tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
2	tends to do a little fleeing of its own
1	to do a little fleeing of its own
1	do a little fleeing of its own
1	a little fleeing of its own
2	a little fleeing
2	little fleeing
2	of its own
3	its own
1	Broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .
2	Broder 's screenplay
2	Broder 's
0	is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .
0	is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs
0	is shallow , offensive and redundant ,
0	is shallow , offensive and redundant
1	shallow , offensive and redundant
1	, offensive and redundant
0	offensive and redundant
1	offensive and
1	with pitifully few real laughs
1	pitifully few real laughs
2	few real laughs
3	real laughs
2	Yes they can swim , the title is merely Anne-Sophie Birot 's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through .
2	Yes they can swim
3	they can swim
2	can swim
2	, the title is merely Anne-Sophie Birot 's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through .
2	the title is merely Anne-Sophie Birot 's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through .
2	the title
2	is merely Anne-Sophie Birot 's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through .
1	is merely Anne-Sophie Birot 's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through
2	is merely
2	Anne-Sophie Birot 's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through
2	Anne-Sophie Birot 's off-handed way
2	Anne-Sophie Birot 's
1	Birot 's
2	off-handed way
2	of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through
3	saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through
2	girls find adolescence difficult to wade through
1	find adolescence difficult to wade through
1	adolescence difficult to wade through
1	difficult to wade through
1	to wade through
1	wade through
2	Don Michael Paul uses quick-cuts , -LRB- very -RRB- large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double -LRB- for Seagal -RRB- .
2	Don Michael Paul
2	Michael Paul
1	uses quick-cuts , -LRB- very -RRB- large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double -LRB- for Seagal -RRB- .
1	uses quick-cuts , -LRB- very -RRB- large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double -LRB- for Seagal -RRB-
1	quick-cuts , -LRB- very -RRB- large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double -LRB- for Seagal -RRB-
2	quick-cuts , -LRB- very -RRB- large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double
2	quick-cuts , -LRB- very -RRB-
2	quick-cuts ,
2	-LRB- very -RRB-
2	very -RRB-
1	large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double
2	large shadows and
2	large shadows
1	wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double
2	wide-angle shots
1	taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double
2	taken from a distance
2	from a distance
2	a distance
2	to hide the liberal use of a body double
2	hide the liberal use of a body double
2	the liberal use of a body double
2	the liberal use
2	liberal use
2	of a body double
2	a body double
2	body double
2	-LRB- for Seagal -RRB-
2	for Seagal -RRB-
2	for Seagal
2	Slow , silly and unintentionally hilarious .
2	Slow , silly and unintentionally hilarious
0	Slow , silly and unintentionally
2	Slow ,
1	silly and unintentionally
1	silly and
0	The Sweetest Thing leaves a bitter taste .
2	The Sweetest Thing
4	Sweetest Thing
1	leaves a bitter taste .
1	leaves a bitter taste
1	a bitter taste
1	bitter taste
0	In a big corner office in Hell , Satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7 .
1	In a big corner office in Hell
1	a big corner office in Hell
2	a big corner office
2	big corner office
2	corner office
2	in Hell
1	, Satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7 .
0	Satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7 .
1	is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7 .
1	is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7
1	is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and
1	is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people ,
2	is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people
0	is throwing up his hands in surrender ,
2	is throwing up his hands in surrender
1	throwing up his hands in surrender
2	throwing up his hands
1	throwing up
2	his hands
2	in surrender
1	is firing his R&D people
2	firing his R&D people
2	his R&D people
2	R&D people
2	has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7
2	decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7
2	he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7
2	will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7
2	will just
2	screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7
2	The Master of Disguise 24\/7
2	The Master
2	of Disguise 24\/7
1	Disguise 24\/7
1	For something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets -LRB- sci-fi -RRB- rehash .
3	For something as splendid-looking as this particular film
4	something as splendid-looking as this particular film
4	as splendid-looking as this particular film
3	splendid-looking as this particular film
2	as this particular film
2	this particular film
2	particular film
2	, the viewer expects something special but instead gets -LRB- sci-fi -RRB- rehash .
1	the viewer expects something special but instead gets -LRB- sci-fi -RRB- rehash .
2	the viewer
1	expects something special but instead gets -LRB- sci-fi -RRB- rehash .
1	expects something special but instead gets -LRB- sci-fi -RRB- rehash
1	expects something special but
2	expects something special
4	something special
1	instead gets -LRB- sci-fi -RRB- rehash
2	gets -LRB- sci-fi -RRB- rehash
1	-LRB- sci-fi -RRB- rehash
2	-LRB- sci-fi -RRB-
2	sci-fi -RRB-
0	A thriller without a lot of thrills .
1	A thriller without a lot of thrills
2	A thriller without a lot
3	A thriller
2	without a lot
2	a lot
2	of thrills
0	This stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
0	This stuck pig of a movie
1	This stuck pig
2	stuck pig
2	of a movie
2	a movie
0	flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
0	flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror
0	limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror
2	between bizarre comedy and pallid horror
2	bizarre comedy and pallid horror
2	bizarre comedy and
2	bizarre comedy
1	pallid horror
2	Ah , the travails of metropolitan life !
2	, the travails of metropolitan life !
2	the travails of metropolitan life !
2	the travails of metropolitan life
2	the travails
2	of metropolitan life
2	metropolitan life
2	Alas , another breathless movie about same !
1	Alas , another breathless movie about same
2	Alas ,
2	another breathless movie about same
3	another breathless movie
3	breathless movie
2	about same
2	In Moonlight Mile , no one gets shut out of the hug cycle .
2	In Moonlight Mile
2	Moonlight Mile
2	, no one gets shut out of the hug cycle .
2	no one gets shut out of the hug cycle .
2	no one
2	gets shut out of the hug cycle .
2	gets shut out of the hug cycle
2	shut out of the hug cycle
1	shut out
2	of the hug cycle
2	the hug cycle
2	hug cycle
2	Though uniformly well acted , especially by young Ballesta and Galan -LRB- a first-time actor -RRB- , writer\/director Achero Manas 's film is schematic and obvious .
3	Though uniformly well acted
3	uniformly well acted
3	uniformly well
2	, especially by young Ballesta and Galan -LRB- a first-time actor -RRB- , writer\/director Achero Manas 's film is schematic and obvious .
2	especially by young Ballesta and Galan -LRB- a first-time actor -RRB- , writer\/director Achero Manas 's film is schematic and obvious .
2	especially by young Ballesta and Galan -LRB- a first-time actor -RRB-
2	by young Ballesta and Galan -LRB- a first-time actor -RRB-
2	young Ballesta and Galan -LRB- a first-time actor -RRB-
2	young Ballesta and
2	young Ballesta
2	Galan -LRB- a first-time actor -RRB-
2	-LRB- a first-time actor -RRB-
2	a first-time actor -RRB-
2	a first-time actor
2	first-time actor
1	, writer\/director Achero Manas 's film is schematic and obvious .
1	writer\/director Achero Manas 's film is schematic and obvious .
3	writer\/director Achero Manas 's film
2	writer\/director Achero Manas 's
2	Achero Manas 's
2	Manas 's
1	is schematic and obvious .
2	is schematic and obvious
2	schematic and obvious
2	schematic and
0	Done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .
1	Done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment
2	Done in mostly
2	in mostly
1	by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment
1	a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment
0	a weak script
1	weak script
2	that ca n't support the epic treatment
1	ca n't support the epic treatment
2	ca n't
2	support the epic treatment
2	the epic treatment
3	epic treatment
1	Despite its visual virtuosity , ` Naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
2	Despite its visual virtuosity
2	its visual virtuosity
3	visual virtuosity
1	, ` Naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
2	` Naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
1	Naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
1	' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
1	is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
1	is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it
1	is banal in its message and the choice of material
1	banal in its message and the choice of material
2	in its message and the choice of material
2	its message and the choice of material
2	its message and
2	its message
2	the choice of material
2	the choice
2	of material
2	to convey it
2	convey it
1	Slap her - she 's not funny !
0	Slap her - she 's not funny
2	Slap her -
1	Slap her
1	she 's not funny
1	's not funny
2	's not
0	No French people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .
0	No French people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half
2	No French people were harmed during the making of this movie , but
2	No French people were harmed during the making of this movie ,
2	No French people were harmed during the making of this movie
2	No French people
2	French people
2	were harmed during the making of this movie
2	harmed during the making of this movie
2	during the making of this movie
2	the making of this movie
2	the making
2	of this movie
2	this movie
1	they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half
1	they were insulted and
2	they were insulted
3	were insulted
1	the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half
2	the audience
1	was put through torture for an hour and a half
0	put through torture for an hour and a half
0	put through torture
1	through torture
2	for an hour and a half
2	an hour and a half
2	an hour and
2	an hour
2	a half
3	Though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
1	Though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations
2	its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations
1	its rather routine script
2	rather routine script
1	rather routine
2	is loaded with familiar situations
2	loaded with familiar situations
2	with familiar situations
2	familiar situations
3	, the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
3	the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
2	the movie
4	has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
3	has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should
3	a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should
4	a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence
3	a cinematic fluidity and sense
3	cinematic fluidity and sense
3	fluidity and sense
2	fluidity and
2	of intelligence
2	that makes it work more than it probably should
3	makes it work more than it probably should
2	it work more than it probably should
1	work more than it probably should
2	more than it probably should
2	than it probably should
2	it probably should
3	probably should
1	`` One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ''
2	One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ''
1	One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ?
1	One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid
2	One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and
2	One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits
2	look at a girl in tight pants and big tits
2	at a girl in tight pants and big tits
2	a girl in tight pants and big tits
2	a girl
1	in tight pants and big tits
2	tight pants and big tits
2	tight pants and
2	tight pants
2	big tits
1	you turn stupid
1	turn stupid
1	Um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ?
2	... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ?
2	is n't that the basis for the entire plot ?
2	is n't that the basis for the entire plot
1	is n't
2	that the basis for the entire plot
2	the basis for the entire plot
2	the basis
2	for the entire plot
2	the entire plot
2	entire plot
2	`` Not really as bad as you might think ! ''
3	Not really as bad as you might think ! ''
3	Not really as bad as you might think !
2	Not really as bad as you might think
0	really as bad as you might think
1	as bad as you might think
1	as bad
2	as you might think
2	you might think
2	might think
2	Strident and inelegant in its ` message-movie ' posturing .
1	Strident and inelegant in its ` message-movie ' posturing
1	Strident and inelegant
2	Strident and
1	in its ` message-movie ' posturing
2	its ` message-movie ' posturing
2	` message-movie ' posturing
2	message-movie ' posturing
2	' posturing
4	One regards Reign of Fire with awe .
4	regards Reign of Fire with awe .
3	regards Reign of Fire with awe
2	regards Reign of Fire
2	Reign of Fire
2	of Fire
3	with awe
2	What a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea .
1	What a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea
2	a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea
2	a vast enterprise
2	vast enterprise
1	has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea
2	been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea
1	marshaled in the service of such a minute idea
2	in the service of such a minute idea
2	the service of such a minute idea
2	the service
3	of such a minute idea
1	such a minute idea
2	a minute idea
1	minute idea
2	It has the right approach and the right opening premise , but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material .
2	It has the right approach and the right opening premise , but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material
2	It has the right approach and the right opening premise , but
4	It has the right approach and the right opening premise ,
3	It has the right approach and the right opening premise
3	has the right approach and the right opening premise
3	the right approach and the right opening premise
3	the right approach and
3	the right approach
3	right approach
3	the right opening premise
3	right opening premise
2	opening premise
1	it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material
1	it lacks the zest and
2	it lacks the zest
1	lacks the zest
2	the zest
1	it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material
2	goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material
1	for a plot twist instead of trusting the material
1	a plot twist instead of trusting the material
2	a plot twist
2	plot twist
1	instead of trusting the material
2	of trusting the material
3	trusting the material
2	the material
1	Its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy .
3	Its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies
3	Its impressive images
4	impressive images
2	of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies
0	crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies
2	crematorium chimney fires and stacks
2	chimney fires and stacks
2	fires and stacks
2	fires and
3	of dead bodies
1	dead bodies
1	are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy .
1	are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy
1	undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy
1	by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy
1	the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy
2	the movie 's presentation ,
2	the movie 's presentation
2	the movie 's
2	movie 's
0	which is way too stagy
1	is way too stagy
2	is way
1	too stagy
3	Seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director 's experiment is a successful one .
1	Seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable
1	as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable
1	the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable
2	the film
1	lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable
1	momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable
2	momentum and its position
2	momentum and
3	its position
1	remains mostly undeterminable
1	mostly undeterminable
4	, the director 's experiment is a successful one .
4	the director 's experiment is a successful one .
3	the director 's experiment
3	the director 's
2	director 's
3	is a successful one .
4	is a successful one
3	a successful one
3	successful one
2	The plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .
2	The plot
2	is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .
3	is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish
2	romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish
2	romantic comedy boilerplate from start
1	romantic comedy boilerplate
2	comedy boilerplate
2	from start
2	to finish
1	I suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD .
2	suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD .
2	suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
1	this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
1	is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
2	the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
2	the kind of production
2	the kind
2	of production
1	that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
1	would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
1	have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
2	been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
2	been funnier
1	if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
3	the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
2	the director
3	had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
1	released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
2	released the outtakes theatrically and
2	released the outtakes theatrically
2	released the outtakes
2	the outtakes
1	used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
2	used the film as a bonus feature
2	the film as a bonus feature
2	the film
2	as a bonus feature
3	a bonus feature
2	bonus feature
2	on the DVD
2	the DVD
0	An unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .
1	An unfortunate title for a film that has nothing
1	An unfortunate title
1	unfortunate title
0	for a film that has nothing
1	a film that has nothing
2	a film
1	that has nothing
1	has nothing
3	endearing about it .
3	endearing about it
2	about it
2	Ninety minutes of Viva Castro !
2	Ninety minutes of Viva Castro
2	Ninety minutes
2	of Viva Castro
2	Viva Castro
1	can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro rhetoric , which are included
0	can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro
1	be as tiresome as 9 seconds of Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro
0	as tiresome as 9 seconds of Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro
0	as tiresome as 9 seconds
1	as tiresome as 9
1	tiresome as 9
2	as 9
2	of Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro
2	Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro
2	Jesse Helms '
2	Helms '
2	anti- Castro
2	rhetoric , which are included
2	rhetoric ,
2	which are included
3	are included
0	Comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .
1	Comes off as a long
2	Comes off
2	as a long
2	a long
2	, laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .
1	laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .
1	laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man
1	whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man
2	whine ,
1	the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man
2	the bellyaching
1	of a paranoid and unlikable man
2	a paranoid and unlikable man
2	paranoid and unlikable man
1	paranoid and unlikable
2	paranoid and
1	It just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .
2	It just goes to show
2	just goes to show
2	goes to show
2	to show
2	, an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .
1	an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .
3	an intelligent person
2	intelligent person
1	is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .
1	is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller
2	is n't necessarily
1	is n't
3	an admirable storyteller
3	admirable storyteller
2	In a 102-minute film , Aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time .
2	In a 102-minute film
2	a 102-minute film
2	102-minute film
2	, Aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time .
2	Aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time .
2	gets at most 20 minutes of screen time .
2	gets at most 20 minutes of screen time
2	at most 20 minutes of screen time
2	at most 20 minutes
2	at most 20
3	at most
2	of screen time
2	screen time
1	... most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned . ''
1	most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned . ''
1	viewers will wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned . ''
1	will wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned . ''
1	will wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned .
1	will wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned
1	wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned
2	there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned
2	had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned
2	been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned
1	more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned
2	of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned
1	the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned
2	the `` Queen '' and
2	the `` Queen ''
2	`` Queen ''
2	Queen ''
2	less of the `` Damned
2	of the `` Damned
2	the `` Damned
2	`` Damned
0	Hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .
1	inane , humorless and under-inspired .
0	inane , humorless and under-inspired
1	, humorless and under-inspired
2	humorless and under-inspired
1	humorless and
1	Kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for -LRB- or worth rooting against , for that matter -RRB- .
0	fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for -LRB- or worth rooting against , for that matter -RRB- .
0	fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for -LRB- or worth rooting against , for that matter -RRB-
2	to give his audience a single character worth rooting for -LRB- or worth rooting against , for that matter -RRB-
1	give his audience a single character worth rooting for -LRB- or worth rooting against , for that matter -RRB-
2	give his audience
2	his audience
2	a single character worth rooting for -LRB- or worth rooting against , for that matter -RRB-
2	a single character
2	single character
2	worth rooting for -LRB- or worth rooting against , for that matter -RRB-
2	rooting for -LRB- or worth rooting against , for that matter -RRB-
2	for -LRB- or worth rooting against , for that matter -RRB-
1	-LRB- or worth rooting against , for that matter -RRB-
2	or worth rooting against , for that matter -RRB-
1	or worth rooting against , for that matter
2	worth rooting against , for that matter
2	rooting against , for that matter
1	rooting against ,
2	rooting against
2	for that matter
2	that matter
1	It reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it .
0	It reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it
1	It reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump
1	It reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and
1	It reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans
1	reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans
2	reduces the complexities
2	the complexities
2	to bromides and slogans
2	bromides and slogans
2	bromides and
1	it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump
2	gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump
1	so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump
2	so preachy-keen and so
1	so preachy-keen and
2	so preachy-keen
1	tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump
1	tub-thumpingly loud
1	it makes you feel like a chump
1	makes you feel like a chump
1	you feel like a chump
1	feel like a chump
2	like a chump
2	a chump
1	just for sitting through it
2	for sitting through it
2	sitting through it
2	through it
2	None of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of Bond , but much of it is good for a laugh .
2	None of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of Bond , but much of it is good for a laugh
1	None of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of Bond , but
2	None of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of Bond ,
2	None of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of Bond
2	None of this
2	of this
3	has the suavity or classical familiarity of Bond
2	the suavity or classical familiarity of Bond
2	the suavity or classical familiarity
2	suavity or classical familiarity
2	or classical familiarity
3	classical familiarity
2	of Bond
3	much of it is good for a laugh
2	much of it
2	of it
3	is good for a laugh
3	good for a laugh
3	for a laugh
3	a laugh
1	The problem with `` XXX '' is that its own action is n't very effective .
1	The problem with `` XXX ''
2	The problem
2	with `` XXX ''
2	`` XXX ''
2	XXX ''
1	is that its own action is n't very effective .
1	is that its own action is n't very effective
1	that its own action is n't very effective
1	its own action is n't very effective
2	its own action
2	own action
1	is n't very effective
1	is n't
4	very effective
1	A great script brought down by lousy direction .
4	A great script
4	great script
0	brought down by lousy direction .
1	brought down by lousy direction
1	brought down
1	by lousy direction
1	lousy direction
2	Same guy with both hats .
2	Same guy with both hats
2	Same guy
2	with both hats
2	both hats
1	Big mistake .
1	mistake .
1	A mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .
1	A mediocre exercise in target demographics
1	A mediocre exercise
1	mediocre exercise
2	in target demographics
2	target demographics
1	, unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .
1	unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .
1	unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke
1	that it 's the butt of its own joke
1	it 's the butt of its own joke
1	's the butt of its own joke
1	the butt of its own joke
1	the butt
2	of its own joke
2	its own joke
2	own joke
2	Director Kevin Bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the `` Miami Vice '' checklist of power boats , Latin music and dog tracks .
2	Director Kevin Bray
2	Kevin Bray
2	excels in breaking glass and marking off the `` Miami Vice '' checklist of power boats , Latin music and dog tracks .
3	excels in breaking glass and marking off the `` Miami Vice '' checklist of power boats , Latin music and dog tracks
2	in breaking glass and marking off the `` Miami Vice '' checklist of power boats , Latin music and dog tracks
1	breaking glass and marking off the `` Miami Vice '' checklist of power boats , Latin music and dog tracks
2	breaking glass and
2	breaking glass
2	marking off the `` Miami Vice '' checklist of power boats , Latin music and dog tracks
2	marking off
2	the `` Miami Vice '' checklist of power boats , Latin music and dog tracks
1	the `` Miami Vice '' checklist
2	`` Miami Vice '' checklist
2	Miami Vice '' checklist
2	Vice '' checklist
2	'' checklist
2	of power boats , Latin music and dog tracks
2	power boats , Latin music and dog tracks
2	power boats , Latin music and
2	power boats , Latin music
2	power boats ,
2	power boats
2	Latin music
2	dog tracks
1	He does n't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash .
2	He does n't
1	does n't
2	, however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash .
2	however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash .
2	, deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash .
2	deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash .
2	deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash
2	deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark
2	nearly enough of the show 's trademark
2	nearly enough
2	of the show 's trademark
2	the show 's trademark
2	the show 's
2	show 's
3	style and flash
3	style and
2	In gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
2	In gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms
2	gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms
1	, thumpingly hyperbolic terms
2	thumpingly hyperbolic terms
2	hyperbolic terms
1	, it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
1	it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
0	covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
1	covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz
2	covers just
1	about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz
1	every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz
1	every cliche
1	in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz
1	the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz
2	the compendium
2	about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz
0	crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz
1	crass , jaded movie types and
1	crass , jaded movie types
1	crass , jaded
2	, jaded
2	movie types
0	the phony baloney movie biz
1	phony baloney movie biz
1	baloney movie biz
2	movie biz
2	The Spalding Gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy .
1	The Spalding Gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy
2	The Spalding Gray equivalent
2	Spalding Gray equivalent
2	Gray equivalent
2	of a teen gross-out comedy
2	a teen gross-out comedy
2	teen gross-out comedy
2	gross-out comedy
1	Perhaps even the SLC high command found writer-director Mitch Davis 's wall of kitsch hard going .
2	Perhaps even the SLC high command
2	even the SLC high command
2	the SLC high command
2	SLC high command
2	high command
1	found writer-director Mitch Davis 's wall of kitsch hard going .
1	found writer-director Mitch Davis 's wall of kitsch hard going
2	found writer-director
1	Mitch Davis 's wall of kitsch hard going
2	Mitch Davis 's wall
2	Mitch Davis 's
2	Davis 's
3	of kitsch hard going
2	kitsch hard going
2	hard going
3	According to Wendigo , ` nature ' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .
2	According to Wendigo
2	to Wendigo
2	, ` nature ' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .
1	` nature ' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .
2	` nature '
2	nature '
2	loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .
1	loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves
2	the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves
2	the members
1	of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves
2	the upper class almost as much as they love themselves
2	the upper class
2	upper class
1	almost as much as they love themselves
2	as much as they love themselves
2	much as they love themselves
2	as they love themselves
2	they love themselves
2	love themselves
3	An encouraging effort from McCrudden
3	An encouraging effort
3	encouraging effort
2	from McCrudden
1	The romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .
2	The romance between the leads
2	The romance
2	between the leads
2	the leads
1	is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .
1	is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be
1	is n't as compelling or as believable
1	is n't
3	as compelling or as believable
2	as compelling or
3	as compelling
2	as believable
3	as it should be
2	it should be
2	should be
0	If I could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , I would go back and choose to skip it .
0	If I could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was
0	I could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was
0	could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was
2	could have looked into my future and
2	could have looked into my future
2	have looked into my future
2	looked into my future
2	into my future
2	my future
0	saw how bad this movie was
0	how bad this movie was
2	how bad
2	this movie was
2	this movie
0	, I would go back and choose to skip it .
0	I would go back and choose to skip it .
0	would go back and choose to skip it .
1	would go back and choose to skip it
1	go back and choose to skip it
2	go back and
2	go back
0	choose to skip it
1	to skip it
0	skip it
2	Fortunately , you still have that option .
2	, you still have that option .
2	you still have that option .
2	still have that option .
2	have that option .
2	have that option
2	that option
1	Supposedly authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
1	authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
0	authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment
3	authentic account of a historical event
3	authentic account
2	of a historical event
2	a historical event
3	historical event
1	that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment
2	's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment
1	's far too tragic
1	far too tragic
2	too tragic
1	to merit such superficial treatment
2	merit such superficial treatment
1	such superficial treatment
1	superficial treatment
1	Adroit but finally a trifle flat , Mad Love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , Jane Campion might have done , but at least it possesses some .
2	Adroit but finally a trifle flat , Mad Love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , Jane Campion might have done , but at least it possesses some
2	Adroit but finally a trifle flat , Mad Love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , Jane Campion might have done , but
2	Adroit but finally a trifle flat , Mad Love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , Jane Campion might have done ,
1	Adroit but finally a trifle flat , Mad Love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say
2	Adroit but finally a trifle flat
3	Adroit but finally
2	Adroit but
1	a trifle flat
1	a trifle
2	, Mad Love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say
2	, Mad Love does n't galvanize its outrage the way ,
1	Mad Love does n't galvanize its outrage the way ,
2	Mad Love does n't galvanize its outrage the way
2	Mad Love
2	does n't galvanize its outrage the way
1	does n't
2	galvanize its outrage the way
2	its outrage the way
2	its outrage
2	the way
2	, Jane Campion might have done ,
2	Jane Campion might have done ,
2	Jane Campion might have done
2	Jane Campion
2	might have done
2	have done
2	at least it possesses some
2	at least
2	it possesses some
2	possesses some
1	To Blandly Go Where We Went 8 Movies Ago ...
2	To Blandly Go Where We Went 8 Movies Ago
0	Blandly Go Where We Went 8 Movies Ago
3	Go Where We Went 8 Movies Ago
2	Where We Went 8 Movies Ago
2	We Went 8 Movies Ago
1	Went 8 Movies Ago
2	8 Movies Ago
2	Movies Ago
1	A slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .
1	A slow-moving police-procedural thriller that
1	A slow-moving police-procedural thriller
2	slow-moving police-procedural thriller
2	police-procedural thriller
1	takes its title all too literally .
1	takes its title all too literally
2	takes its title
2	its title
1	all too literally
1	too literally
1	This u-boat does n't have a captain .
2	This u-boat
2	does n't have a captain .
2	does n't have a captain
1	does n't
2	have a captain
2	a captain
1	With nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , -LRB- Crane -RRB- becomes more specimen than character -- and Auto Focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report .
1	With nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , -LRB- Crane -RRB- becomes more specimen than character -- and Auto Focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report
1	With nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , -LRB- Crane -RRB- becomes more specimen than character -- and
1	With nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , -LRB- Crane -RRB- becomes more specimen than character --
1	With nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , -LRB- Crane -RRB- becomes more specimen than character
2	With nary a glimmer of self-knowledge
1	nary a glimmer of self-knowledge
2	nary a glimmer
3	a glimmer
2	of self-knowledge
2	, -LRB- Crane -RRB- becomes more specimen than character
2	-LRB- Crane -RRB- becomes more specimen than character
2	Crane -RRB- becomes more specimen than character
1	-RRB- becomes more specimen than character
1	becomes more specimen than character
2	becomes more specimen
2	more specimen
2	than character
2	Auto Focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report
2	Auto Focus
1	remains a chilly , clinical lab report
2	a chilly , clinical lab report
1	chilly , clinical lab report
2	, clinical lab report
2	clinical lab report
2	lab report
0	This one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .
2	This one
1	aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .
0	aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit
0	for the toilet and scores a direct hit
1	the toilet and scores a direct hit
2	the toilet and
2	the toilet
3	scores a direct hit
3	a direct hit
3	direct hit
0	Dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .
1	Dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song
1	Dull ,
1	a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song
2	a road-trip movie
2	road-trip movie
1	that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song
2	's surprisingly short of both adventure and song
1	surprisingly short of both adventure and song
0	short of both adventure and song
3	of both adventure and song
2	both adventure and song
3	adventure and song
2	adventure and
1	I walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like .
2	walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like .
0	walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like
1	walked away
1	not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like
2	really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like
2	know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like
2	who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like
2	`` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like
2	they '' were , what `` they '' looked like
2	'' were , what `` they '' looked like
2	were , what `` they '' looked like
2	were ,
2	what `` they '' looked like
2	`` they '' looked like
2	they '' looked like
2	'' looked like
2	looked like
1	Why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care .
2	Why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly
2	Why `` they '' were here and
2	Why `` they '' were here
2	`` they '' were here
2	they '' were here
2	'' were here
2	were here
2	what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly
2	`` they '' wanted and quite honestly
2	they '' wanted and quite honestly
3	'' wanted and quite honestly
2	wanted and quite honestly
2	wanted and quite
2	wanted and
1	, I did n't care .
1	I did n't care .
1	did n't care .
1	did n't care
2	did n't
0	After several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions , especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget .
1	After several scenes of this tacky nonsense
1	several scenes of this tacky nonsense
2	several scenes
1	of this tacky nonsense
2	this tacky nonsense
1	tacky nonsense
2	, you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions , especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget .
0	you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions , especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget .
1	'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions , especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget .
1	'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions , especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget
2	be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions , especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget
2	be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions ,
2	be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions
2	be wistful
3	for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions
3	the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions
2	the testosterone-charged wizardry
2	testosterone-charged wizardry
2	of Jerry Bruckheimer productions
2	Jerry Bruckheimer productions
2	Bruckheimer productions
0	especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget
1	because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget
0	Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget
2	Half Past Dead
2	Past Dead
2	is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget
1	like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget
1	The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget
2	The Rock
1	on a Wal-Mart budget
1	a Wal-Mart budget
1	Wal-Mart budget
2	A relatively effective little potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale .
2	A relatively effective little
2	relatively effective little
3	relatively effective
0	potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale .
0	potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale
0	until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale
0	its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale
0	absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale
1	absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible
0	, contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible
1	contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible
1	, overblown , and entirely implausible
1	overblown , and entirely implausible
1	, and entirely implausible
1	and entirely implausible
1	entirely implausible
0	The Country Bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .
2	The Country Bears
2	Country Bears
1	wastes an exceptionally good idea .
0	wastes an exceptionally good idea
3	an exceptionally good idea
4	exceptionally good idea
4	exceptionally good
0	But the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
1	the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
2	the movie that
2	movie that
1	does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
2	does n't really
1	does n't
2	deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
2	for country music fans or for family audiences
2	for country music fans or
2	for country music fans
2	country music fans
3	music fans
2	for family audiences
2	family audiences
2	Adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio .
2	will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio .
1	will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio
2	will certainly
1	want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio
1	to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio
0	spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio
2	spend their time
2	their time
1	in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio
1	the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio
2	the theater
1	thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio
2	thinking up grocery lists and ways
2	thinking up
2	grocery lists and ways
3	lists and ways
2	lists and
3	to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio
2	tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio
2	tell their kids
2	their kids
2	how not to act like Pinocchio
2	how not
2	to act like Pinocchio
2	act like Pinocchio
3	like Pinocchio
1	As for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
2	As for children
3	for children
0	, they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
0	they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
1	wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
0	wo n't enjoy the movie at all
2	wo n't
2	enjoy the movie at all
4	enjoy the movie
2	the movie
2	at all
0	... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already .
0	you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already .
1	can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already .
0	can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already
0	be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already
0	forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already
0	for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already
0	realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already
0	realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and
1	realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch
1	that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch
1	you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch
1	've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch
0	spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch
1	the past 20 minutes looking at your watch
2	the past 20 minutes
2	past 20 minutes
2	20 minutes
2	looking at your watch
2	at your watch
2	your watch
1	waiting for Frida to just die already
2	waiting for Frida
2	for Frida
1	to just die already
0	just die already
2	die already
1	Too bad writer-director Adam Rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets .
2	Too bad writer-director Adam Rifkin
2	Too bad
2	writer-director Adam Rifkin
2	Adam Rifkin
1	situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets .
1	situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets
2	situates it
0	all in a plot as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets
1	in a plot as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets
0	a plot as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets
2	a plot
1	as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets
1	musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets
2	as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets
2	one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets
2	of the Golden Eagle 's carpets
2	the Golden Eagle 's carpets
2	the Golden Eagle 's
2	Golden Eagle 's
2	Eagle 's
2	It 's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .
1	's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .
0	's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another
1	's lazy for a movie
0	lazy for a movie
2	for a movie
2	a movie
1	to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another
1	avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another
2	solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another
2	solving one problem
2	one problem
1	by trying to distract us with the solution to another
1	trying to distract us with the solution to another
2	to distract us with the solution to another
2	distract us with the solution to another
2	distract us
3	with the solution to another
2	the solution to another
2	the solution
2	to another
1	The movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .
2	The movie
1	is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .
1	is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you
3	is genial but never inspired , and little
1	genial but never inspired , and little
2	genial but never inspired , and
2	genial but never inspired ,
2	genial but never inspired
2	genial but
1	never inspired
3	about it will stay with you
3	it will stay with you
2	will stay with you
2	stay with you
2	with you
2	The movie obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as Jules Verne 's ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine . '
2	The movie
2	obviously seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as Jules Verne 's ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine . '
3	seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as Jules Verne 's ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine . '
3	seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as Jules Verne 's ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine .
2	seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as Jules Verne 's ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine
3	to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as Jules Verne 's ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine
4	re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as Jules Verne 's ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine
3	re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks
3	the excitement of such '50s flicks
3	the excitement
2	of such '50s flicks
2	such '50s flicks
2	'50s flicks
2	as Jules Verne 's ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine
2	Jules Verne 's ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine
2	Jules Verne 's '
2	Verne 's '
2	's '
2	20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine
2	Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine
2	Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time
2	Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time
2	the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time
2	the Sea ' and
2	the Sea '
2	Sea '
2	the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time
2	the George Pal version
2	George Pal version
2	Pal version
2	of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time
2	H.G. Wells ' ` The Time
2	H.G. Wells '
2	Wells '
2	` The Time
2	The Time
1	But its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
1	its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
4	its storytelling prowess and special effects
3	its storytelling prowess and
3	its storytelling prowess
3	storytelling prowess
2	special effects
2	are both listless .
1	are both listless
2	are both
1	Despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .
3	Despite the opulent lushness of every scene
4	the opulent lushness of every scene
3	the opulent lushness
2	opulent lushness
2	of every scene
2	every scene
2	, the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .
1	the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .
2	the characters
2	never seem to match the power of their surroundings .
4	seem to match the power of their surroundings .
3	seem to match the power of their surroundings
3	to match the power of their surroundings
2	match the power of their surroundings
3	the power of their surroundings
3	the power
2	of their surroundings
3	their surroundings
1	even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other Bullock and Grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .
1	even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other
2	after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other
2	90 minutes of playing opposite each other
2	90 minutes
2	of playing opposite each other
2	playing opposite each other
2	opposite each other
2	each other
1	Bullock and Grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .
2	Bullock and Grant
2	Bullock and
2	still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .
1	look ill at ease sharing the same scene .
1	look ill at ease sharing the same scene
1	ill at ease sharing the same scene
3	at ease sharing the same scene
2	ease sharing the same scene
2	sharing the same scene
2	the same scene
2	same scene
1	What should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .
1	What should have been a painless time-killer
1	should have been a painless time-killer
3	have been a painless time-killer
2	been a painless time-killer
1	a painless time-killer
2	painless time-killer
1	becomes instead a grating endurance test .
0	becomes instead a grating endurance test
2	instead a grating endurance test
1	a grating endurance test
2	grating endurance test
2	endurance test
1	A bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for Universal Studios and its ancillary products . . .
0	A bland , obnoxious 88-minute
0	bland , obnoxious 88-minute
0	, obnoxious 88-minute
0	obnoxious 88-minute
2	infomercial for Universal Studios and its ancillary products . . .
2	infomercial for Universal Studios and its ancillary products . .
2	for Universal Studios and its ancillary products . .
2	for Universal Studios and its ancillary products .
2	for Universal Studios and its ancillary products
2	Universal Studios and its ancillary products
2	Universal Studios and
2	Universal Studios
2	its ancillary products
2	ancillary products
1	little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic .
0	little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that
0	little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets
1	little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up
1	little action , almost no suspense or believable tension ,
0	little action , almost no suspense or believable tension
1	little action , almost
1	little action ,
1	little action
2	no suspense or believable tension
3	suspense or believable tension
2	or believable tension
2	believable tension
2	one-dimensional characters up
1	one-dimensional characters
2	the wazoo and sets
1	wazoo and sets
2	wazoo and
1	can only be described as sci-fi generic .
1	can only be described as sci-fi generic
2	can only
2	be described as sci-fi generic
1	described as sci-fi generic
1	as sci-fi generic
1	sci-fi generic
2	The movie strains to stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself .
2	The movie
2	strains to stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself .
2	strains to stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself
2	to stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself
3	stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself
2	stay on the light , comic side of the issue ,
2	stay on the light , comic side of the issue
2	on the light , comic side of the issue
3	the light , comic side of the issue
3	the light , comic side
2	light , comic side
2	, comic side
2	comic side
2	of the issue
2	the issue
2	despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself
2	the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself
2	the difficulty
2	of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself
2	doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself
2	so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself
2	when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself
3	dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself
2	dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life
3	with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life
2	with the destruction of property
1	the destruction of property
2	the destruction
2	of property
3	and , potentially , of life
2	, potentially , of life
2	, potentially ,
2	potentially ,
2	of life
0	The Master of Disguise is awful .
2	The Master of Disguise
2	The Master
2	of Disguise
0	is awful .
0	is awful
0	It 's Pauly Shore awful .
0	's Pauly Shore awful .
0	's Pauly Shore awful
0	Pauly Shore awful
2	Pauly Shore
1	Do n't say you were n't warned .
1	Do n't say you were n't warned
1	Do n't
1	say you were n't warned
2	you were n't warned
2	were n't warned
2	were n't
1	Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other John Woo flick for that matter .
1	Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other John Woo flick for that matter
1	Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or
1	Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ...
1	Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies
1	Disappointing in comparison
2	in comparison
2	to other recent war movies
2	other recent war movies
2	recent war movies
1	war movies
2	any other John Woo flick for that matter
2	any other John Woo
2	other John Woo
2	John Woo
2	flick for that matter
2	for that matter
2	that matter
2	The entire movie is filled with deja vu moments .
2	The entire movie
2	entire movie
2	is filled with deja vu moments .
2	is filled with deja vu moments
2	filled with deja vu moments
2	with deja vu moments
2	deja vu moments
2	vu moments
1	` Opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .
1	Opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .
3	Opening up
1	' the play more has partly closed it down .
2	the play more has partly closed it down .
2	the play more
2	the play
2	has partly closed it down .
2	has partly closed it down
2	has partly
2	closed it down
2	closed it
3	What -LRB- Frei -RRB- gives us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .
2	What -LRB- Frei -RRB-
2	-LRB- Frei -RRB-
2	Frei -RRB-
2	gives us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .
2	gives us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
3	us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
3	... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
3	is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
2	a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
2	a man
3	who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
3	uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
2	the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
2	the damage
2	of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
2	war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
2	war -- far more often than the warfare itself --
2	-- far more often than the warfare itself --
3	far more often than the warfare itself --
3	far more often than the warfare
2	more often than the warfare
2	more often
2	than the warfare
2	the warfare
2	itself --
2	to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
3	create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
3	the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
2	the kind of art shots
2	the kind
2	of art shots
2	art shots
2	that fill gallery shows
2	fill gallery shows
2	gallery shows
1	An ugly , revolting movie .
0	An ugly , revolting movie
0	ugly , revolting movie
0	ugly , revolting
1	, revolting
1	The film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-Oscar kind of way .
1	The film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-Oscar kind of way
0	The film is way too full of itself ;
1	The film is way too full of itself
2	The film
2	is way too full of itself
1	way too full of itself
1	way too full
1	too full
2	of itself
1	it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-Oscar kind of way
2	's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-Oscar kind of way
1	's stuffy and pretentious
1	stuffy and pretentious
1	stuffy and
3	in a give-me-an-Oscar kind of way
2	a give-me-an-Oscar kind of way
3	a give-me-an-Oscar kind
2	give-me-an-Oscar kind
2	of way
0	The movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing I can say is that I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it .
0	The movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing I can say is that I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it
1	The movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and
1	The movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn ,
1	The movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn
2	The movie
0	is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn
2	is concocted and
2	is concocted
2	carried out by folks worthy of scorn
3	carried out
1	by folks worthy of scorn
2	folks worthy of scorn
2	folks worthy
1	of scorn
1	the nicest thing I can say is that I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it
2	the nicest thing I can say
2	the nicest thing
2	nicest thing
2	I can say
1	can say
1	is that I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it
1	that I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it
2	I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it
1	ca n't remember a single name responsible for it
2	ca n't
2	remember a single name responsible for it
2	a single name responsible for it
2	a single name
2	single name
2	responsible for it
2	for it
1	Watching `` Ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .
2	Watching `` Ending ''
2	`` Ending ''
2	Ending ''
1	is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .
1	is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale
2	is too often
2	too often
1	like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale
1	looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale
2	looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks
2	looking over
1	the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks
1	outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks
2	clothes and plastic knickknacks
1	and plastic knickknacks
2	plastic knickknacks
1	at your neighbor 's garage sale
2	your neighbor 's garage sale
2	your neighbor 's
2	neighbor 's
2	garage sale
0	You ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
1	ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
0	ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff
2	ca n't
0	believe anyone would really buy this stuff
2	anyone would really buy this stuff
2	would really buy this stuff
2	would really
3	buy this stuff
2	this stuff
2	Certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .
3	Certainly beautiful
2	to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .
2	to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic
1	look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic
1	at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic
1	, but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic
2	, but
1	its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic
1	its not very informative about its titular character and
2	its not very informative about its titular character
1	not very informative about its titular character
1	not very informative about its titular
2	not very informative
4	very informative
2	about its titular
2	its titular
1	no more challenging than your average television biopic
2	more challenging than your average television biopic
2	more challenging than your average television
2	more challenging
2	than your average television
2	your average television
1	average television
0	It desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .
0	It desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
1	It desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but
2	It desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy ,
1	It desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy
2	desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy
2	wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy
3	to be a wacky , screwball comedy
2	be a wacky , screwball comedy
3	a wacky , screwball comedy
2	wacky , screwball comedy
2	, screwball comedy
2	screwball comedy
1	the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
2	the most screwy thing
2	most screwy thing
2	screwy thing
0	here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
0	is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
0	how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
0	so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
3	so many talented people
3	many talented people
3	talented people
1	were convinced to waste their time
2	convinced to waste their time
1	to waste their time
1	waste their time
2	their time
1	The skills of a calculus major at M.I.T. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy Who Is Cletis Tout ?
3	The skills of a calculus major at M.I.T.
2	The skills
2	of a calculus major at M.I.T.
2	a calculus major at M.I.T.
2	a calculus major
2	calculus major
2	at M.I.T.
1	are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy Who Is Cletis Tout ?
1	required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy Who Is Cletis Tout ?
2	to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy Who Is Cletis Tout ?
1	to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy
1	balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy
2	balance all the formulaic equations
2	all the formulaic equations
2	the formulaic equations
1	formulaic equations
1	in the long-winded heist comedy
2	the long-winded heist comedy
2	long-winded heist comedy
2	heist comedy
2	Who Is Cletis Tout ?
2	Is Cletis Tout ?
2	Is Cletis Tout
2	Cletis Tout
0	From the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line , `` Besotted '' is misbegotten
1	From the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line
0	the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line
1	the choppy editing
2	choppy editing
0	to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line
1	to the annoying score
1	the annoying score
1	annoying score
2	to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line
2	to ` special effects '
2	to ` special effects
2	to `
2	special effects
2	by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line
2	way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line
2	of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line
2	replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line
2	replacing objects in a character 's hands
2	objects in a character 's hands
2	in a character 's hands
2	a character 's hands
2	a character 's
2	character 's
2	below the camera line
2	the camera line
2	camera line
2	, `` Besotted '' is misbegotten
1	`` Besotted '' is misbegotten
2	`` Besotted ''
2	Besotted ''
1	is misbegotten
1	My advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .
2	My advice
2	is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .
1	is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack
1	to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack
0	skip the film and pick up the soundtrack
0	skip the film and
1	skip the film
2	the film
2	pick up the soundtrack
2	pick up
2	the soundtrack
2	A film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations .
3	A film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise
2	A film
3	that presents an interesting , even sexy premise
3	presents an interesting , even sexy premise
4	an interesting , even sexy premise
3	interesting , even sexy premise
3	interesting , even sexy
2	, even sexy
3	even sexy
1	then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations .
0	ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations .
1	ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations
1	ruins itself
1	with too many contrivances and goofy situations
1	too many contrivances and goofy situations
1	too many contrivances and
1	too many contrivances
2	many contrivances
2	goofy situations
1	Filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .
2	Filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life
1	Filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard
1	with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard
0	low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard
1	low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and
0	low-brow humor , gratuitous violence
1	low-brow humor ,
1	low-brow humor
2	gratuitous violence
0	a disturbing disregard
1	disturbing disregard
2	for life
2	directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
1	directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style
1	in a flashy , empty sub-music video style
2	a flashy , empty sub-music video style
1	flashy , empty sub-music video style
0	, empty sub-music video style
1	empty sub-music video style
2	sub-music video style
2	video style
1	by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
2	a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
1	a director so self-possessed
2	a director
1	so self-possessed
2	he actually adds a period to his first name
2	actually adds a period to his first name
2	adds a period to his first name
2	adds a period
2	a period
2	to his first name
2	his first name
2	first name
2	The 70-year-old Godard has become , to judge from In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them .
3	The 70-year-old Godard
2	70-year-old Godard
1	has become , to judge from In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them .
2	has become , to judge from In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them
2	become , to judge from In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them
1	become , to judge from In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
2	become ,
1	to judge from In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
2	to judge
1	from In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
1	In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
1	Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
1	of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
1	Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
1	Love ,
1	the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
1	the sort of bitter old crank
2	the sort
1	of bitter old crank
1	bitter old crank
2	old crank
2	who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
1	sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
2	sits behind his light meter and harangues
2	behind his light meter and harangues
2	his light meter and harangues
2	his light meter and
2	his light meter
2	light meter
1	the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
1	the supposed injustices
1	supposed injustices
2	of the artistic world-at-large
2	the artistic world-at-large
2	artistic world-at-large
1	without doing all that much to correct them
2	doing all that much to correct them
2	doing all that much
2	all that much
2	that much
2	to correct them
2	correct them
1	An unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .
0	An unsophisticated
1	sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .
1	sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously
1	drama that takes itself all too seriously
1	that takes itself all too seriously
1	takes itself all too seriously
1	itself all too seriously
2	all too seriously
2	too seriously
1	Solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .
1	is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .
1	is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous
1	is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel ,
2	is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel
2	without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel
3	without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision
2	doubt an artist of uncompromising vision
2	doubt an artist
2	an artist
2	of uncompromising vision
2	uncompromising vision
2	, but that vision is beginning to feel
2	, but
2	that vision is beginning to feel
3	vision is beginning to feel
3	is beginning to feel
2	beginning to feel
2	to feel
0	if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous
1	not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous
2	not morally bankrupt
1	morally bankrupt
1	, at least terribly monotonous
1	at least terribly monotonous
2	at least
0	terribly monotonous
2	Harvard Man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality .
2	Harvard Man
2	is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality .
1	is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality
1	a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality
2	a semi-throwback ,
2	a semi-throwback
1	a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality
2	a reminiscence
2	without nostalgia or sentimentality
2	nostalgia or sentimentality
2	nostalgia or
2	Supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents , the film ends with a large human tragedy .
2	Supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents
2	based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents
2	upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents
2	real , or at least soberly reported incidents
2	real , or at least
2	, or at least
2	, or
2	at least
2	soberly reported incidents
2	soberly reported
1	, the film ends with a large human tragedy .
1	the film ends with a large human tragedy .
2	the film
2	ends with a large human tragedy .
2	ends with a large human tragedy
2	with a large human tragedy
2	a large human tragedy
1	large human tragedy
2	human tragedy
0	Alas , getting there is not even half the interest .
1	, getting there is not even half the interest .
1	getting there is not even half the interest .
2	getting there
1	is not even half the interest .
1	is not even half the interest
2	is not even
1	is not
2	half the interest
2	the interest
2	While Hoffman 's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere .
3	While Hoffman 's performance is great
4	Hoffman 's performance is great
2	Hoffman 's performance
2	Hoffman 's
4	is great
1	, the subject matter goes nowhere .
1	the subject matter goes nowhere .
2	the subject matter
2	subject matter
1	goes nowhere .
2	goes nowhere
2	The smash 'em - up , crash 'em - up , shoot 'em - up ending comes out of nowhere substituting mayhem for suspense .
2	The smash 'em - up , crash 'em - up , shoot 'em - up ending
2	smash 'em - up , crash 'em - up , shoot 'em - up ending
2	smash 'em - up , crash 'em - up , shoot 'em -
2	smash 'em - up , crash 'em - up , shoot 'em
2	smash 'em - up , crash 'em - up ,
2	smash 'em - up , crash 'em - up
1	smash 'em - up ,
2	smash 'em - up
3	smash 'em -
2	smash 'em
2	crash 'em - up
3	crash 'em -
1	crash 'em
2	shoot 'em
2	up ending
2	comes out of nowhere substituting mayhem for suspense .
2	comes out of nowhere substituting mayhem for suspense
2	comes out
2	of nowhere substituting mayhem for suspense
2	nowhere substituting mayhem for suspense
2	substituting mayhem for suspense
2	substituting mayhem
2	for suspense
1	Deuces Wild treads heavily into Romeo and Juliet\/West Side Story territory , where it plainly has no business going .
2	Deuces Wild
2	treads heavily into Romeo and Juliet\/West Side Story territory , where it plainly has no business going .
1	treads heavily into Romeo and Juliet\/West Side Story territory , where it plainly has no business going
1	treads heavily
1	into Romeo and Juliet\/West Side Story territory , where it plainly has no business going
1	Romeo and Juliet\/West Side Story territory , where it plainly has no business going
2	Romeo and Juliet\/West Side Story territory ,
2	Romeo and Juliet\/West Side Story territory
2	and Juliet\/West Side Story territory
2	Juliet\/West Side Story territory
2	Side Story territory
2	Story territory
1	where it plainly has no business going
1	it plainly has no business going
2	plainly has no business going
2	has no business going
3	no business going
2	no business
1	Hart 's War seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character .
2	Hart 's War
2	Hart 's
1	seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character .
2	seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character
1	seems to want to be a character study , but apparently
2	seems to want to be a character study , but
1	seems to want to be a character study ,
2	seems to want to be a character study
2	to want to be a character study
2	want to be a character study
2	to be a character study
2	be a character study
2	a character study
2	character study
2	ca n't quite decide which character
2	ca n't quite
2	ca n't
2	decide which character
2	which character
1	Theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
2	Theological matters aside
2	Theological matters
0	, the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
0	the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
2	the movie
0	is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
1	is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues
1	is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly
2	is so clumsily sentimental and
1	is so clumsily sentimental
1	so clumsily sentimental
2	clumsily sentimental
1	directed it may leave you speaking in tongues
2	it may leave you speaking in tongues
2	may leave you speaking in tongues
3	leave you speaking in tongues
2	you speaking in tongues
2	speaking in tongues
2	in tongues
1	This latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone .
3	This latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain
2	This latest installment
2	latest installment
1	of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain
2	the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain
2	the horror film franchise
2	horror film franchise
2	film franchise
1	that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain
3	is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain
2	is apparently
2	as invulnerable as its trademark villain
3	invulnerable as its trademark villain
2	as its trademark villain
2	its trademark villain
2	trademark villain
1	has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone .
1	has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone
0	arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone
2	arrived for an incongruous summer playoff ,
2	arrived for an incongruous summer playoff
2	for an incongruous summer playoff
1	an incongruous summer playoff
1	incongruous summer playoff
2	summer playoff
2	demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone
2	demonstrating yet
0	again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone
1	that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone
0	the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone
2	the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie
2	the era
3	of the intelligent , well-made B movie
3	the intelligent , well-made B movie
3	intelligent , well-made B movie
4	, well-made B movie
2	well-made B movie
1	B movie
1	is long gone
1	long gone
1	Novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
1	contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
2	contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama
1	a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama
2	a heartland
1	so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama
1	overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama
1	overwhelmed by its lack of purpose
1	by its lack of purpose
1	its lack of purpose
2	its lack
4	of purpose
2	that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama
1	it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama
2	seeks excitement in manufactured high drama
1	excitement in manufactured high drama
2	in manufactured high drama
2	manufactured high drama
2	high drama
1	Been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called The Professional .
1	Been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called The Professional
1	Been there , done that , liked it much better
1	Been there , done that ,
1	there , done that ,
3	there , done that
2	there ,
2	done that
3	liked it much better
2	it much better
3	much better
2	the first time around - when it was called The Professional
2	the first time around -
2	the first time around
2	first time around
2	time around
2	when it was called The Professional
2	it was called The Professional
2	was called The Professional
2	called The Professional
2	The Professional
0	The film is all over the place , really .
2	The film
1	is all over the place , really .
1	is all over the place , really
2	is all over the place ,
1	is all over the place
2	all over the place
2	over the place
2	the place
1	It dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .
1	dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .
1	dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum
2	dabbles all around ,
1	dabbles all around
2	all around
1	never gaining much momentum
3	gaining much momentum
2	much momentum
2	The beautiful , unusual music is this film 's chief draw , but its dreaminess may lull you to sleep .
2	The beautiful , unusual music is this film 's chief draw , but its dreaminess may lull you to sleep
2	The beautiful , unusual music is this film 's chief draw , but
3	The beautiful , unusual music is this film 's chief draw ,
3	The beautiful , unusual music is this film 's chief draw
3	The beautiful , unusual music
3	beautiful , unusual music
2	, unusual music
3	unusual music
3	is this film 's chief draw
3	this film 's chief draw
2	this film 's
2	film 's
2	chief draw
1	its dreaminess may lull you to sleep
3	its dreaminess
1	may lull you to sleep
1	lull you to sleep
2	you to sleep
2	to sleep
1	The action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .
2	The action
1	quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .
1	sinks into by-the-numbers territory .
1	sinks into by-the-numbers territory
1	into by-the-numbers territory
2	by-the-numbers territory
0	Forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
2	Forages for audience sympathy
2	for audience sympathy
2	audience sympathy
1	like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
0	like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
1	a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
2	a temperamental child
1	temperamental child
1	begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
1	begging for attention ,
1	begging for attention
2	for attention
1	giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
2	giving audiences
0	no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
2	reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
1	to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
1	truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
1	care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
2	care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve
2	care for its decrepit freaks
2	for its decrepit freaks
1	its decrepit freaks
1	decrepit freaks
2	beyond the promise of a reprieve
2	the promise of a reprieve
2	the promise
2	of a reprieve
3	a reprieve
1	from their incessant whining
1	their incessant whining
0	incessant whining
1	When -LRB- Reno -RRB- lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al. , Reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .
1	When -LRB- Reno -RRB- lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al.
0	-LRB- Reno -RRB- lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al.
1	Reno -RRB- lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al.
1	-RRB- lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al.
2	lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al.
2	lets her radical flag fly ,
2	lets her radical flag fly
2	her radical flag fly
2	radical flag fly
2	flag fly
1	taking angry potshots at George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al.
2	taking angry potshots
1	angry potshots
2	at George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al.
2	George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al.
2	George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King ,
2	George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King
2	George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger ,
2	George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger
2	George W. Bush ,
2	George W. Bush
2	W. Bush
2	Henry Kissinger
2	Larry King
2	et al.
2	, Reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .
1	Reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .
1	devolves into a laugh-free lecture .
1	devolves into a laugh-free lecture
1	into a laugh-free lecture
2	a laugh-free lecture
1	laugh-free lecture
1	Such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but Kaufman and Gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go .
1	Such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but Kaufman and Gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go
2	Such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but
2	Such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy ,
2	Such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy
2	Such a premise
2	a premise
2	is ripe for all manner of lunacy
2	ripe for all manner of lunacy
2	for all manner of lunacy
2	all manner of lunacy
2	all manner
2	of lunacy
1	Kaufman and Gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go
2	Kaufman and Gondry
2	Kaufman and
1	rarely seem sure of where it should go
3	seem sure of where it should go
2	sure of where it should go
2	of where it should go
2	where it should go
2	it should go
2	should go
0	Burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .
2	Burns ' fifth beer-soaked film
2	Burns '
1	fifth beer-soaked film
2	beer-soaked film
0	feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .
0	feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off
1	in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off
1	almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off
0	almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances --
2	almost every possible way
2	every possible way
2	possible way
1	-- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances --
1	from the writing and direction to the soggy performances --
1	from the writing and direction to the soggy performances
1	the writing and direction to the soggy performances
2	the writing and direction
2	writing and direction
2	writing and
1	to the soggy performances
1	the soggy performances
1	soggy performances
1	tossed off
1	While this one gets off with a good natured warning , future Lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
2	While this one gets off with a good natured warning
3	this one gets off with a good natured warning
2	this one
3	gets off with a good natured warning
2	gets off
2	with a good natured warning
3	a good natured warning
2	good natured warning
3	good natured
1	, future Lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
1	future Lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
2	future Lizard endeavors
2	Lizard endeavors
1	will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
1	need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
2	to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
2	adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
2	adhere more closely
2	more closely
2	to the laws of laughter
2	the laws of laughter
2	the laws
2	of laughter
0	Another boorish movie from the I-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .
2	Another boorish movie from the I-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting
0	Another boorish movie from the I-heard-a-joke -
0	Another boorish movie from the I-heard-a-joke
1	Another boorish movie
1	boorish movie
2	from the I-heard-a-joke
2	the I-heard-a-joke
1	at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting
2	at-a-frat-party school
2	of screenwriting
1	Too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .
2	Too much of the movie
2	Too much
2	of the movie
2	the movie
1	feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .
1	feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks
1	feels contrived ,
1	feels contrived
2	as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks
1	if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks
2	if the filmmakers were worried
1	the filmmakers were worried
2	the filmmakers
1	were worried
2	the story would n't work without all those gimmicks
2	the story
2	would n't work without all those gimmicks
2	would n't
2	work without all those gimmicks
2	without all those gimmicks
2	all those gimmicks
1	those gimmicks
0	It 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
0	's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
0	's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
0	hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
1	to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
1	understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
0	why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
1	anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
2	anyone in his right mind
3	in his right mind
2	his right mind
2	right mind
2	would even think to make the attraction a movie
2	would even
2	think to make the attraction a movie
2	to make the attraction a movie
3	make the attraction a movie
2	the attraction a movie
2	the attraction
2	a movie
0	And it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
0	it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
0	's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
0	's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it
2	's harder
0	still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it
1	to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it
2	believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it
0	that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it
3	anyone in his right mind would want to see the it
2	anyone in his right mind
3	in his right mind
2	his right mind
2	right mind
2	would want to see the it
2	want to see the it
2	to see the it
3	see the it
2	the it
1	The ethos of the Chelsea Hotel may shape Hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own DV poetry with the Beat he hears in his soul .
1	The ethos of the Chelsea Hotel may shape Hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own DV poetry with the Beat he hears in his soul
2	The ethos of the Chelsea Hotel may shape Hawke 's artistic aspirations , but
2	The ethos of the Chelsea Hotel may shape Hawke 's artistic aspirations ,
2	The ethos of the Chelsea Hotel may shape Hawke 's artistic aspirations
3	The ethos of the Chelsea Hotel
2	The ethos
2	of the Chelsea Hotel
2	the Chelsea Hotel
3	Chelsea Hotel
3	may shape Hawke 's artistic aspirations
2	shape Hawke 's artistic aspirations
2	Hawke 's artistic aspirations
2	Hawke 's
3	artistic aspirations
2	he has n't yet coordinated his own DV poetry with the Beat he hears in his soul
2	has n't yet coordinated his own DV poetry with the Beat he hears in his soul
2	has n't yet
2	has n't
2	coordinated his own DV poetry with the Beat he hears in his soul
3	coordinated his own DV poetry
2	his own DV poetry
2	own DV poetry
2	DV poetry
2	with the Beat he hears in his soul
3	the Beat he hears in his soul
2	the Beat
2	he hears in his soul
2	hears in his soul
2	in his soul
2	his soul
2	The sight of the name Bruce Willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture , but the film has a lot more on its mind -- maybe too much .
3	The sight of the name Bruce Willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture , but the film has a lot more on its mind -- maybe too much
2	The sight of the name Bruce Willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture , but
2	The sight of the name Bruce Willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture ,
2	The sight of the name Bruce Willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture
2	The sight of the name Bruce Willis
2	The sight
2	of the name Bruce Willis
2	the name Bruce Willis
2	name Bruce Willis
2	Bruce Willis
2	brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture
2	to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture
2	mind images of a violent battlefield action picture
2	images of a violent battlefield action picture
2	of a violent battlefield action picture
2	a violent battlefield action picture
2	violent battlefield action picture
2	battlefield action picture
2	action picture
2	the film has a lot more on its mind -- maybe too much
2	the film
2	has a lot more on its mind -- maybe too much
1	a lot more on its mind -- maybe too much
3	a lot more
2	a lot
2	on its mind -- maybe too much
1	its mind -- maybe too much
3	its mind
1	-- maybe too much
1	maybe too much
1	too much
0	Why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?
1	sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?
0	sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
1	through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
0	a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
1	a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy
1	crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy
0	, wannabe-hip crime comedy
1	wannabe-hip crime comedy
2	crime comedy
2	that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
1	refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
1	incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
1	to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
1	old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
2	old movies ,
2	old movies
1	when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
1	you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
1	could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
2	could just
2	rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
2	rent those movies instead , let alone
1	rent those movies instead ,
1	rent those movies instead
2	rent those movies
2	those movies
2	let alone
2	seek out a respectable new one
2	seek out
3	a respectable new one
3	respectable new one
2	new one
0	The obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm .
1	The obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack
1	The obnoxious special effects ,
1	The obnoxious special effects
1	obnoxious special effects
2	special effects
0	the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack
1	the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and
2	the obligatory outbursts of flatulence
2	the obligatory outbursts
2	obligatory outbursts
2	of flatulence
2	the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack
1	the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music
1	incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music
2	, so-five-minutes-ago pop music
1	so-five-minutes-ago pop music
2	pop music
2	on the soundtrack
2	the soundtrack
1	overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm .
1	overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm
2	what is left of the scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm
2	is left of the scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm
2	left of the scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm
2	of the scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm
2	the scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm
3	scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm
1	scruffy , dopey old
1	, dopey old
1	dopey old
3	Hanna-Barbera charm
2	Exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as Kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair .
0	Exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as Kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair
3	Exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film --
3	Exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film
2	Exploring value choices
3	value choices
3	is a worthwhile topic for a film
3	a worthwhile topic for a film
3	a worthwhile topic
3	worthwhile topic
2	for a film
2	a film
1	but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as Kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair
1	here the choices are as contrived and artificial as Kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair
0	the choices are as contrived and artificial as Kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair
3	the choices
0	are as contrived and artificial as Kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair
1	are as contrived and artificial
1	as contrived and artificial
1	contrived and artificial
2	contrived and
2	as Kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair
2	Kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair
2	Kerrigan 's
2	platinum-blonde hair
1	The movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .
1	The movie 's downfall
2	The movie 's
2	movie 's
1	is to substitute plot for personality .
1	is to substitute plot for personality
2	to substitute plot for personality
1	substitute plot for personality
2	substitute plot
2	for personality
1	It does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .
0	does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .
1	does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events
0	does n't really know or care about the characters , and
0	does n't really know or care about the characters ,
1	does n't really know or care about the characters
2	does n't really
1	does n't
2	know or care about the characters
2	know or care
2	know or
2	about the characters
2	the characters
2	uses them as markers for a series of preordained events
2	uses them
2	as markers for a series of preordained events
2	markers for a series of preordained events
2	for a series of preordained events
2	a series of preordained events
2	a series
2	of preordained events
2	preordained events
1	All mood and no movie .
2	All mood and no movie
2	mood and no movie
2	mood and
2	no movie
0	Press the delete key .
1	Press the delete key
1	the delete key
1	delete key
3	Simone is not a bad film .
3	is not a bad film .
2	is not a bad film
1	is not
0	a bad film
0	bad film
1	It just does n't have anything really interesting to say .
1	just does n't have anything really interesting to say .
0	does n't have anything really interesting to say .
1	does n't have anything really interesting to say
1	does n't
2	have anything really interesting to say
2	anything really interesting to say
2	really interesting to say
2	really interesting
2	to say
1	Once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .
2	Once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy
2	he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy
2	starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy
3	learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy
2	to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy
1	compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy
2	compromise with reality
2	with reality
3	enough to become comparatively sane and healthy
2	to become comparatively sane and healthy
3	become comparatively sane and healthy
3	comparatively sane and healthy
3	sane and healthy
2	sane and
1	, the film becomes predictably conventional .
1	the film becomes predictably conventional .
2	the film
1	becomes predictably conventional .
1	becomes predictably conventional
1	predictably conventional
2	... hopefully it 'll be at the dollar theatres by the time Christmas rolls around .
2	hopefully it 'll be at the dollar theatres by the time Christmas rolls around .
1	hopefully it 'll be at the dollar theatres by the time Christmas rolls around
0	it 'll be at the dollar theatres by the time Christmas rolls around
1	'll be at the dollar theatres by the time Christmas rolls around
0	be at the dollar theatres by the time Christmas rolls around
2	be at the dollar theatres
2	at the dollar theatres
2	the dollar theatres
2	dollar theatres
2	by the time Christmas rolls around
2	the time Christmas rolls around
2	the time
2	Christmas rolls around
2	rolls around
1	Wait to see it then .
1	Wait to see it then
2	to see it then
2	see it then
3	see it
0	There 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .
0	's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .
0	's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer
0	no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer
1	disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer
1	disguising this
0	as one of the worst films of the summer
0	one of the worst films of the summer
1	of the worst films of the summer
0	the worst films of the summer
0	the worst films
0	worst films
2	of the summer
2	the summer
2	Or for the year , for that matter .
2	for the year , for that matter .
2	for the year
2	the year
2	, for that matter .
2	for that matter .
2	for that matter
2	that matter
0	Lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .
1	Lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck
2	Lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and
1	Lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos
1	Lacks the spirit of the previous two , and
1	Lacks the spirit of the previous two ,
1	Lacks the spirit of the previous two
2	the spirit of the previous two
3	the spirit
3	of the previous two
2	the previous two
2	previous two
2	makes all those jokes about hos
2	makes all those jokes
2	all those jokes
2	those jokes
2	about hos
1	even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck
2	even more unmentionable subjects
1	more unmentionable subjects
2	unmentionable subjects
1	seem like mere splashing around in the muck
2	seem like mere splashing around
1	like mere splashing around
2	mere splashing around
2	splashing around
2	in the muck
1	the muck
0	This hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on Hopkins ' inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
1	hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on Hopkins ' inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
2	mounted production exists only to capitalize on Hopkins ' inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
2	mounted production exists only to capitalize on Hopkins ' inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book
1	production exists only to capitalize on Hopkins ' inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book
2	exists only to capitalize on Hopkins ' inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book
2	exists only
2	to capitalize on Hopkins ' inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book
2	capitalize on Hopkins ' inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book
2	on Hopkins ' inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book
2	Hopkins ' inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book
2	Hopkins '
2	inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book
1	to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book
2	play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book
2	play Hannibal Lecter again ,
2	play Hannibal Lecter again
3	play Hannibal Lecter
2	Hannibal Lecter
2	even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book
2	though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book
2	Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book
2	has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book
2	no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book
3	immediate inclination to provide a fourth book
2	inclination to provide a fourth book
2	to provide a fourth book
2	provide a fourth book
2	a fourth book
2	fourth book
1	Death to Smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke .
2	Death to Smoochy
2	to Smoochy
2	tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke .
1	tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke
1	a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke
2	a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it -
1	a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it
1	moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it
1	, not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it
2	not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it
2	not-nearly - as-nasty -
1	- as-nasty -
1	as-nasty -
1	thinks-it-is joke
1	Over and over again .
2	Over and
2	over again .
2	again .
0	The threat implied in the title Pokémon 4ever is terrifying -- like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming .
1	The threat implied in the title Pokémon 4ever is terrifying -- like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming
2	The threat implied in the title Pokémon 4ever is terrifying --
1	The threat implied in the title Pokémon 4ever is terrifying
2	The threat
0	implied in the title Pokémon 4ever is terrifying
1	in the title Pokémon 4ever is terrifying
2	in the title
2	the title
1	Pokémon 4ever is terrifying
3	Pokémon 4ever
2	is terrifying
1	like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming
2	like locusts in a horde
2	locusts in a horde
2	in a horde
2	a horde
2	these things will keep coming
3	these things
3	will keep coming
2	keep coming
1	The film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .
2	The film
1	never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .
2	gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .
2	gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class
3	gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements ,
1	gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements
2	over its own investment in conventional arrangements
2	its own investment in conventional arrangements
2	its own investment
2	own investment
2	in conventional arrangements
2	conventional arrangements
2	in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class
2	terms of love , age , gender , race , and class
2	of love , age , gender , race , and class
2	love , age , gender , race , and class
2	love ,
2	age , gender , race , and class
2	, gender , race , and class
2	gender , race , and class
2	, race , and class
2	race , and class
2	, and class
3	, and
0	To call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .
1	To call this film a lump of coal
1	call this film a lump of coal
2	call this film
2	this film
2	a lump of coal
2	a lump
2	of coal
2	would only be to flatter it .
2	would only be to flatter it
2	would only
2	be to flatter it
2	to flatter it
3	flatter it
2	Entertainment more disposable than Hanna-Barbera 's half-hour cartoons ever were .
1	Entertainment more disposable than Hanna-Barbera 's half-hour cartoons
1	more disposable than Hanna-Barbera 's half-hour cartoons
2	more disposable
2	than Hanna-Barbera 's half-hour cartoons
3	Hanna-Barbera 's half-hour cartoons
2	Hanna-Barbera 's
2	half-hour cartoons
2	ever were .
2	were .
1	The film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
2	The film
1	falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
1	falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries
1	short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries
3	on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries
3	tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries
3	tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge --
3	tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge
3	, eloquence , spiritual challenge
3	eloquence , spiritual challenge
2	, spiritual challenge
2	spiritual challenge
2	things that have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries
3	that have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries
3	have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries
4	made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries
2	made the original New Testament stories so compelling
3	the original New Testament stories so compelling
2	the original New Testament stories
2	original New Testament stories
3	New Testament stories
2	Testament stories
3	so compelling
2	for 20 centuries
2	20 centuries
3	By the end of it all I sort of loved the people onscreen , even though I could not stand them .
2	By the end of it all
2	the end of it all
2	the end
2	of it all
2	it all
2	I sort of loved the people onscreen , even though I could not stand them .
3	sort of loved the people onscreen , even though I could not stand them .
2	sort of
3	loved the people onscreen , even though I could not stand them .
3	loved the people onscreen , even though I could not stand them
4	loved the people onscreen ,
3	loved the people onscreen
2	the people onscreen
2	people onscreen
0	even though I could not stand them
1	though I could not stand them
0	I could not stand them
1	could not stand them
2	could not
2	stand them
2	Perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter .
3	the film should be seen as a conversation starter .
2	the film
2	should be seen as a conversation starter .
2	should be seen as a conversation starter
2	be seen as a conversation starter
2	seen as a conversation starter
3	as a conversation starter
3	a conversation starter
3	conversation starter
1	It 's not an easy one to review .
2	's not an easy one to review .
2	's not an easy one to review
2	's not
2	an easy one to review
2	easy one to review
2	one to review
2	to review
1	At best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .
3	At best
2	this is a film for the under-7 crowd .
2	is a film for the under-7 crowd .
1	is a film for the under-7 crowd
2	a film for the under-7 crowd
2	a film
1	for the under-7 crowd
3	the under-7 crowd
2	under-7 crowd
1	But it would be better to wait for the video .
1	it would be better to wait for the video .
2	would be better to wait for the video .
2	would be better to wait for the video
1	be better to wait for the video
2	be better
1	to wait for the video
1	wait for the video
2	for the video
2	the video
2	And a very rainy day .
1	a very rainy day .
1	a very rainy day
2	a very rainy
2	very rainy
1	The whole talking-animal thing is grisly .
2	The whole talking-animal thing
2	whole talking-animal thing
2	talking-animal thing
1	is grisly .
2	is grisly
3	Never Again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
2	Never Again
3	, while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
3	while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
2	while nothing special
1	nothing special
3	, is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
4	is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
3	is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction
3	is pleasant , diverting and modest
3	pleasant , diverting and modest
2	, diverting and modest
3	diverting and modest
2	diverting and
4	-- definitely a step in the right direction
3	definitely a step in the right direction
3	a step in the right direction
2	a step
3	in the right direction
3	the right direction
3	right direction
2	Would n't it be funny if a bunch of Allied soldiers went undercover as women in a German factory during World War II ?
2	Would n't it be funny if a bunch of Allied soldiers went undercover as women in a German factory during World War II
2	Would n't it
2	Would n't
2	be funny if a bunch of Allied soldiers went undercover as women in a German factory during World War II
3	be funny
2	if a bunch of Allied soldiers went undercover as women in a German factory during World War II
2	a bunch of Allied soldiers went undercover as women in a German factory during World War II
2	a bunch of Allied soldiers
2	a bunch
2	of Allied soldiers
2	Allied soldiers
2	went undercover as women in a German factory during World War II
2	went undercover as women in a German factory
2	went undercover
2	as women in a German factory
2	women in a German factory
2	in a German factory
2	a German factory
2	German factory
3	during World War II
3	World War II
2	War II
2	Um , no. .
0	Um , no.
2	Um ,
1	But here 's a movie about it anyway .
2	here 's a movie about it anyway .
2	's a movie about it anyway .
2	's a movie about it anyway
3	's a movie about it
2	a movie about it
2	a movie
2	about it
2	Has not so much been written as assembled , Frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups .
0	Has not so much been written as assembled , Frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups
2	Has not so much
2	not so much
1	not so
1	been written as assembled , Frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups
1	written as assembled , Frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups
2	written as assembled , Frankenstein-like ,
2	written as assembled , Frankenstein-like
1	as assembled , Frankenstein-like
2	assembled , Frankenstein-like
2	, Frankenstein-like
2	out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups
1	of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups
2	other , marginally better shoot-em-ups
2	, marginally better shoot-em-ups
2	marginally better shoot-em-ups
2	marginally better
1	The punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .
1	The punch lines that miss
3	The punch lines
2	punch lines
1	that miss
2	, unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .
1	unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .
2	, outnumber the hits by three-to-one .
1	outnumber the hits by three-to-one .
2	outnumber the hits by three-to-one
2	outnumber the hits
2	the hits
2	by three-to-one
2	But Death to Smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end .
3	Death to Smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end .
2	Death to Smoochy
2	to Smoochy
2	keeps firing until the bitter end .
2	keeps firing until the bitter end
2	keeps firing
2	until the bitter end
2	the bitter end
1	bitter end
2	Mushes the college-friends genre -LRB- The Big Chill -RRB- together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap operas .
1	Mushes the college-friends genre -LRB- The Big Chill -RRB- together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap
1	the college-friends genre -LRB- The Big Chill -RRB- together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap
2	the college-friends genre -LRB- The Big Chill -RRB-
2	the college-friends genre
2	college-friends genre
2	-LRB- The Big Chill -RRB-
2	The Big Chill -RRB-
2	The Big Chill
1	Big Chill
0	together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap
1	with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap
1	the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap
1	the contrivances and overwrought emotion
1	contrivances and overwrought emotion
2	and overwrought emotion
1	overwrought emotion
2	of soap
2	operas .
2	Showtime 's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment .
3	Showtime 's starry cast
2	Showtime 's
2	starry cast
2	could be both an asset and a detriment .
2	could be both an asset and a detriment
2	be both an asset and a detriment
2	both an asset and a detriment
2	an asset and a detriment
3	an asset and
3	an asset
3	a detriment
3	Those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves .
2	Those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it
2	who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it
3	trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it
2	to the ` plex predisposed to like it
2	the ` plex predisposed to like it
2	the ` plex
2	` plex
3	predisposed to like it
2	to like it
3	like it
3	probably will enjoy themselves .
3	will enjoy themselves .
2	will enjoy themselves
3	enjoy themselves
0	But ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as Mr. De Niro .
0	ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as Mr. De Niro .
2	ticket-buyers with great expectations
2	with great expectations
2	great expectations
1	will wind up as glum as Mr. De Niro .
1	will wind up as glum as Mr. De Niro
1	wind up as glum as Mr. De Niro
2	wind up
1	as glum as Mr. De Niro
1	glum as Mr. De Niro
2	as Mr. De Niro
2	Mr. De Niro
2	De Niro
1	A determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .
0	A determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news
1	A determined , ennui-hobbled slog
1	determined , ennui-hobbled slog
3	determined , ennui-hobbled
2	, ennui-hobbled
1	that really does n't have much to say beyond the news
1	really does n't have much to say beyond the news
1	does n't have much to say beyond the news
1	does n't
2	have much to say beyond the news
2	much to say beyond the news
2	to say beyond the news
2	say beyond the news
2	beyond the news
2	the news
2	flash that loneliness can make people act weird .
2	flash that loneliness can make people act weird
2	that loneliness can make people act weird
1	loneliness can make people act weird
1	can make people act weird
2	make people act weird
1	people act weird
1	act weird
3	Too daft by half ... but supremely good natured .
3	daft by half ... but supremely good natured .
3	daft by half ... but supremely good natured
3	daft by half ... but
1	daft by half ...
2	daft by half
2	by half
3	supremely good natured
4	supremely good
0	Fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... Well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
1	Fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... Well before the end
1	Fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... Well
1	Fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ...
2	in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ...
3	making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ...
2	making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation
2	making this character understandable , in getting under her skin ,
2	making this character understandable , in getting under her skin
3	making this character understandable ,
2	making this character understandable
2	this character understandable
2	this character
2	in getting under her skin
2	getting under her skin
2	under her skin
3	her skin
2	in exploring motivation
2	exploring motivation
2	before the end
2	the end
1	, the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
0	the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
2	the film
0	grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
0	grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care
1	as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care
1	dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care
1	as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care
1	its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care
2	its characters ,
2	its characters
1	about whose fate it is hard to care
2	about whose fate
2	whose fate
2	it is hard to care
1	is hard to care
1	hard to care
2	to care
0	It 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
1	's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
1	's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow
1	's a shame
1	a shame
2	that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow
1	the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow
2	the storyline and its underlying themes ...
2	the storyline and its underlying themes
2	the storyline and
2	the storyline
2	its underlying themes
2	underlying themes
1	finally seem so impersonal or even shallow
1	seem so impersonal or even shallow
1	so impersonal or even shallow
1	so impersonal or
1	so impersonal
1	even shallow
1	Woody , what happened ?
2	, what happened ?
2	what happened ?
2	what happened
3	Juliette Binoche 's Sand is vivacious , but it 's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile .
2	Juliette Binoche 's Sand is vivacious , but it 's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile
3	Juliette Binoche 's Sand is vivacious , but
4	Juliette Binoche 's Sand is vivacious ,
3	Juliette Binoche 's Sand is vivacious
2	Juliette Binoche 's Sand
2	Juliette Binoche 's
2	Binoche 's
3	is vivacious
2	it 's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile
2	's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile
2	hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile
2	to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile
3	sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile
2	sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose
3	that powerhouse of 19th-century prose
3	that powerhouse
2	of 19th-century prose
2	19th-century prose
2	behind her childlike smile
3	her childlike smile
3	childlike smile
0	It 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah .
0	's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah .
0	's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah
1	's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but
2	's supposed to be post-feminist breezy
2	supposed to be post-feminist breezy
2	to be post-feminist breezy
3	be post-feminist breezy
2	post-feminist breezy
1	ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah
0	up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah
2	up as
0	tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah
1	as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah
1	the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah
3	the chatter
2	of parrots raised on Oprah
2	parrots raised on Oprah
2	raised on Oprah
2	on Oprah
1	You can tell almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell .
1	can tell almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell .
1	can tell almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell
1	tell almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell
1	almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell
2	almost immediately
1	that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell
2	Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell
2	Welcome to Collinwood
2	to Collinwood
1	is n't going to jell
1	is n't
3	going to jell
2	to jell
1	Throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : So why is this so boring ?
3	Throughout all the tumult
2	all the tumult
2	the tumult
1	, a question comes to mind : So why is this so boring ?
1	a question comes to mind : So why is this so boring ?
2	a question
0	comes to mind : So why is this so boring ?
1	to mind : So why is this so boring ?
1	mind : So why is this so boring ?
2	mind :
2	So why is this so boring ?
0	why is this so boring ?
1	is this so boring ?
1	is this so boring
2	is this
0	so boring
1	Cattaneo reworks the formula that made The Full Monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .
2	reworks the formula that made The Full Monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .
2	reworks the formula that made The Full Monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work
2	the formula that made The Full Monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work
2	the formula
1	that made The Full Monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work
2	made The Full Monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work
3	made The Full Monty a smashing success ... but
3	made The Full Monty a smashing success ...
3	made The Full Monty a smashing success
2	made The Full Monty
2	The Full Monty
2	Full Monty
4	a smashing success
4	smashing success
1	neglects to add the magic that made it all work
3	to add the magic that made it all work
2	add the magic that made it all work
3	the magic that made it all work
2	the magic
3	that made it all work
3	made it all work
2	it all work
2	all work
2	Routine and rather silly .
2	Routine and rather silly
2	and rather silly
1	rather silly
0	A rip-off twice removed , modeled after -LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- earlier copycat Under Siege , sometimes referred to as Die Hard on a boat .
2	A rip-off twice removed , modeled after -LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- earlier copycat Under Siege ,
0	A rip-off twice removed , modeled after -LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- earlier copycat Under Siege
2	A rip-off twice removed ,
1	A rip-off twice removed
1	A rip-off
3	twice removed
2	modeled after -LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- earlier copycat Under Siege
1	after -LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- earlier copycat Under Siege
2	-LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- earlier copycat Under Siege
3	-LRB- Seagal 's -RRB-
2	Seagal 's -RRB-
2	Seagal 's
1	earlier copycat Under Siege
2	earlier copycat
2	Under Siege
2	sometimes referred to as Die Hard on a boat .
2	referred to as Die Hard on a boat .
2	referred to as Die Hard on a boat
2	to as Die Hard on a boat
2	as Die Hard on a boat
2	Die Hard on a boat
2	Hard on a boat
2	on a boat
2	a boat
0	Totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are The Greatest Musicians of All Time .
1	Totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
0	Totally overwrought ,
1	Totally overwrought
0	deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
1	deeply biased , and wholly
1	deeply biased , and
1	deeply biased ,
1	deeply biased
1	designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
1	to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
1	make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
1	you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
2	feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
2	guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
2	about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
1	ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
2	what the filmmakers clearly believe
2	the filmmakers clearly believe
2	the filmmakers
2	clearly believe
3	are The Greatest Musicians of All Time .
3	are The Greatest Musicians of All Time
2	The Greatest Musicians of All Time
3	The Greatest Musicians
3	Greatest Musicians
2	of All Time
2	All Time
0	You can practically hear George Orwell turning over .
1	can practically hear George Orwell turning over .
2	can practically hear George Orwell turning over
2	can practically
1	hear George Orwell turning over
1	George Orwell turning over
2	George Orwell
2	turning over
1	Behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense -- but Sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .
2	Behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense -- but Sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance
2	Behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense -- but
3	Behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense --
4	Behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense
2	Behan 's memoir
2	Behan 's
4	is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense
4	great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense
4	great material
3	for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense
3	a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense
2	a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical
2	a film -- rowdy ,
2	a film -- rowdy
2	a film --
2	a film
2	brawny and lyrical
2	brawny and
3	in the best Irish sense
3	the best Irish sense
3	best Irish sense
2	Irish sense
1	Sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance
1	has settled for a lugubrious romance
1	settled for a lugubrious romance
2	for a lugubrious romance
2	a lugubrious romance
2	lugubrious romance
2	While Holm is terrific as both men and Hjejle quite appealing , the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise .
3	While Holm is terrific as both men and Hjejle quite appealing
4	Holm is terrific as both men and Hjejle quite appealing
4	Holm is terrific as both men and
4	Holm is terrific as both men
4	is terrific as both men
3	terrific as both men
2	as both men
2	as both
3	Hjejle quite appealing
4	quite appealing
1	, the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise .
2	the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise .
2	the film
1	fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise .
2	fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise
3	to make the most out of the intriguing premise
3	make the most out of the intriguing premise
2	make the most out
2	make the most
2	the most
3	of the intriguing premise
3	the intriguing premise
3	intriguing premise
0	Lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .
2	filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .
1	, with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .
1	with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .
1	with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling
1	the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling
2	the director
1	taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling
2	taking a hands-off approach
1	a hands-off approach
2	hands-off approach
1	when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling
2	he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling
2	should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling
3	have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling
3	shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling
2	the story to show us why it 's compelling
3	story to show us why it 's compelling
3	to show us why it 's compelling
2	show us why it 's compelling
2	show us
2	why it 's compelling
3	it 's compelling
3	's compelling
0	If it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in Dolby Digital stereo .
1	If it were any more of a turkey
0	it were any more of a turkey
1	were any more of a turkey
2	were any more
2	any more
2	of a turkey
1	a turkey
1	, it would gobble in Dolby Digital stereo .
2	it would gobble in Dolby Digital stereo .
2	would gobble in Dolby Digital stereo .
3	would gobble in Dolby Digital stereo
2	gobble in Dolby Digital stereo
2	in Dolby Digital stereo
2	Dolby Digital stereo
2	Digital stereo
1	If nothing else , `` Rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
2	If nothing else
2	nothing else
1	, `` Rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
1	`` Rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
2	`` Rollerball '' 2002
2	Rollerball '' 2002
2	'' 2002
1	may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
2	go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
2	go down
1	in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
1	cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
3	cinema history as the only movie ever
2	cinema history as the only movie
2	cinema history
2	as the only movie
2	the only movie
2	only movie
1	in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
2	in which
3	the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
2	the rest of the cast
2	the rest
2	of the cast
2	the cast
2	was outshined by LL Cool J.
2	outshined by LL Cool J.
2	by LL Cool J.
2	LL Cool J.
2	Cool J.
2	A movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire .
2	movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire .
1	movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire
1	that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire
1	falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire
1	falls victim
2	to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire
1	frazzled wackiness and frayed satire
1	frazzled wackiness and
2	frazzled wackiness
1	frayed satire
1	How do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?
1	do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?
1	do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any
3	do you
2	make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any
2	make a movie with depth
3	a movie with depth
2	a movie
3	with depth
2	about a man who lacked any
2	a man who lacked any
2	a man
2	who lacked any
1	lacked any
1	On the evidence before us , the answer is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
2	On the evidence before us
2	the evidence before us
2	the evidence
2	before us
1	, the answer is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
0	the answer is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
2	the answer
1	is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
1	is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough
2	is clear :
2	is clear
1	Not easily and , in the end , not well enough
1	easily and , in the end , not well enough
1	and , in the end , not well enough
2	and , in the end ,
2	and , in the end
3	and ,
2	in the end
2	the end
1	not well enough
3	well enough
0	The film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what I was expecting .
2	The film 's trailer
2	The film 's
2	film 's
1	also looked like crap , so crap is what I was expecting .
0	looked like crap , so crap is what I was expecting .
1	looked like crap , so crap is what I was expecting
1	looked like crap ,
0	looked like crap
1	like crap
2	so crap is what I was expecting
1	crap is what I was expecting
2	is what I was expecting
2	what I was expecting
1	I was expecting
2	was expecting
1	More trifle than triumph .
1	More trifle than triumph
2	More trifle
2	than triumph
0	The movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
2	The movie
0	is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
0	is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction
2	is almost completely
2	almost completely
1	lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction
3	in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction
3	suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction
3	suspense , surprise and
3	suspense , surprise
3	suspense ,
3	consistent emotional conviction
3	emotional conviction
0	Festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
0	Festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you
1	in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you
1	just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you
0	just such a dungpile
0	such a dungpile
1	a dungpile
2	that you 'd swear you
3	you 'd swear you
2	'd swear you
2	swear you
0	were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
2	were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you
1	watching monkeys flinging their feces at you
2	watching monkeys
1	flinging their feces at you
0	flinging their feces
0	their feces
2	at you
1	Lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller Unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
2	Lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller Unfaithful ,
2	Lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller Unfaithful
2	Lyne 's latest ,
2	Lyne 's latest
2	Lyne 's
2	the erotic thriller Unfaithful
2	erotic thriller Unfaithful
2	thriller Unfaithful
0	further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
0	demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
1	demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded
2	just how far his storytelling skills have eroded
2	just how far
2	how far
0	his storytelling skills have eroded
2	his storytelling skills
3	storytelling skills
2	have eroded
1	It sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out .
1	It sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out
1	It sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and
2	It sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss ,
2	It sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss
1	sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss
2	sounds like another clever if pointless excursion
2	like another clever if pointless excursion
1	another clever if pointless excursion
2	clever if pointless excursion
1	if pointless excursion
2	if pointless
2	into the abyss
1	the abyss
2	that 's more or less how it plays out
2	's more or less how it plays out
2	more or less how it plays out
2	more or less
2	more or
2	how it plays out
2	it plays out
2	plays out
1	Rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic .
1	Rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death ,
2	Rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death
2	Rumor ,
2	a muddled drama about coming to terms with death
2	a muddled drama
1	muddled drama
2	about coming to terms with death
2	coming to terms with death
2	to terms with death
2	terms with death
2	with death
1	feels impersonal , almost generic .
0	feels impersonal , almost generic
1	impersonal , almost generic
1	, almost generic
1	almost generic
1	Report card : Does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement .
1	Report card : Does n't live up to the exalted tagline -
1	Report card : Does n't live up to the exalted tagline
2	Report card :
2	Report card
1	Does n't live up to the exalted tagline
2	Does n't
2	live up to the exalted tagline
2	live up
2	to the exalted tagline
2	the exalted tagline
2	exalted tagline
1	there 's definite room for improvement .
1	's definite room for improvement .
1	's definite room for improvement
1	definite room for improvement
2	definite room
1	for improvement
0	Does n't deserve a passing grade -LRB- even on a curve -RRB- .
0	Does n't deserve a passing grade -LRB- even on a curve -RRB-
2	Does n't
1	deserve a passing grade -LRB- even on a curve -RRB-
3	deserve a passing grade
2	a passing grade
2	passing grade
2	-LRB- even on a curve -RRB-
2	even on a curve -RRB-
2	even on a curve
2	on a curve
2	a curve
0	The pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and Naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .
1	The pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and Naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated
1	The pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and
1	The pacing is deadly , the narration helps little
2	The pacing is deadly ,
1	The pacing is deadly
2	The pacing
1	is deadly
1	the narration helps little
2	the narration
1	helps little
2	Naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated
2	Naipaul , a juicy writer ,
3	Naipaul , a juicy writer
2	Naipaul ,
3	a juicy writer
3	juicy writer
1	is negated
2	As his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in Long Time Dead says ` I 'm telling you , this is f \*\*\* ed ' .
2	As his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in Long Time Dead
2	his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in Long Time Dead
2	his circle of friends
2	his circle
2	of friends
2	keeps getting smaller one of the characters in Long Time Dead
2	getting smaller one of the characters in Long Time Dead
2	smaller one of the characters in Long Time Dead
2	smaller one
2	of the characters in Long Time Dead
2	the characters in Long Time Dead
2	the characters
2	in Long Time Dead
2	Long Time Dead
2	Time Dead
1	says ` I 'm telling you , this is f \*\*\* ed ' .
1	says ` I 'm telling you , this is f \*\*\* ed '
0	says ` I 'm telling you , this is f \*\*\* ed
2	says `
1	I 'm telling you , this is f \*\*\* ed
2	I 'm telling you ,
2	I 'm telling you
2	'm telling you
2	telling you
0	this is f \*\*\* ed
0	is f \*\*\* ed
0	f \*\*\* ed
2	\*\*\* ed
3	Maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .
3	he was reading the minds of the audience .
3	was reading the minds of the audience .
3	was reading the minds of the audience
2	reading the minds of the audience
2	the minds of the audience
2	the minds
2	of the audience
2	the audience
1	... if it had been only half-an-hour long or a TV special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags .
1	if it had been only half-an-hour long or a TV special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags .
1	if it had been only half-an-hour long or a TV special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags
2	if it had been only half-an-hour long or a TV special , the humor would have been fast and furious --
2	if it had been only half-an-hour long or a TV special , the humor would have been fast and furious
2	if it had been only half-an-hour long or a TV special
1	it had been only half-an-hour long or a TV special
2	had been only half-an-hour long or a TV special
2	been only half-an-hour long or a TV special
2	only half-an-hour long or a TV special
1	only half-an-hour long or
2	only half-an-hour long
2	half-an-hour long
2	a TV special
2	TV special
2	, the humor would have been fast and furious
2	the humor would have been fast and furious
2	the humor
2	would have been fast and furious
2	have been fast and furious
2	been fast and furious
2	fast and furious
3	fast and
1	at ninety minutes , it drags
2	at ninety minutes
2	at ninety
1	, it drags
1	it drags
1	Bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .
1	Bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay
0	Bean drops the ball too many times ...
0	Bean drops the ball too many times
1	drops the ball too many times
0	drops the ball
2	the ball
2	too many times
2	many times
1	hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay
2	hoping the nifty premise
3	the nifty premise
3	nifty premise
3	will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay
2	create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay
2	create enough interest
3	enough interest
2	to make up for an unfocused screenplay
1	make up for an unfocused screenplay
2	make up
1	for an unfocused screenplay
2	an unfocused screenplay
1	unfocused screenplay
2	A well-acted , but one-note film .
2	A well-acted , but one-note film
2	well-acted , but one-note film
2	well-acted , but one-note
3	well-acted , but
3	well-acted ,
1	Blood Work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period .
2	Blood Work
1	is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period .
2	is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period
1	laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period
1	in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period
1	the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period
2	the solemnity
1	with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period
2	with which
1	it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period
1	tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period
1	to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period
3	pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period
2	pump life into overworked elements
2	pump life
2	into overworked elements
2	overworked elements
2	from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period
2	Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period
2	Eastwood 's
2	Dirty Harry period
2	Harry period
1	The movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .
2	The movie
2	is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .
1	is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications
1	is too amateurishly square
1	too amateurishly square
2	amateurishly square
2	to make the most of its own ironic implications
3	make the most of its own ironic implications
2	the most of its own ironic implications
2	the most
2	of its own ironic implications
1	its own ironic implications
2	own ironic implications
2	ironic implications
0	-LRB- Lee -RRB- treats his audience the same way that Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
2	-LRB- Lee -RRB-
2	Lee -RRB-
0	treats his audience the same way that Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
0	treats his audience the same way that Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
2	treats his audience
2	his audience
1	the same way that Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
2	the same way
2	same way
0	that Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
0	Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
3	Jim Brown
1	treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
2	treats his women --
2	treats his women
2	his women
1	as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
0	dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
0	dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate
2	, credulous , unassuming , subordinate
1	credulous , unassuming , subordinate
1	, unassuming , subordinate
1	unassuming , subordinate
2	, subordinate
3	And Lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
3	Lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
3	seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
1	seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception
3	just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception
2	just as expectant
2	as expectant
3	of an adoring , wide-smiling reception
3	an adoring , wide-smiling reception
3	adoring , wide-smiling reception
3	, wide-smiling reception
3	wide-smiling reception
0	There 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
1	's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
0	's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue
2	's not
1	one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue
3	one decent performance from the cast and
2	one decent performance from the cast
3	one decent performance
3	decent performance
2	from the cast
2	the cast
0	not one clever line of dialogue
0	not one clever line
3	one clever line
2	clever line
2	of dialogue
0	No amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .
1	No amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting
2	No amount
2	of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting
2	burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting
2	burning , blasting , stabbing , and
2	burning , blasting , stabbing ,
1	burning , blasting , stabbing
2	burning , blasting ,
2	burning , blasting
2	burning ,
2	can hide a weak script .
2	can hide a weak script
1	hide a weak script
0	a weak script
1	weak script
1	It 's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .
2	's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .
1	's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise
1	an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise
1	an odd show , pregnant with moods ,
2	an odd show , pregnant with moods
2	an odd show ,
1	an odd show
2	odd show
2	pregnant with moods
2	with moods
0	stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise
1	except as a harsh conceptual exercise
2	as a harsh conceptual exercise
2	a harsh conceptual exercise
1	harsh conceptual exercise
2	conceptual exercise
1	Nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .
2	Nearly all the fundamentals
2	all the fundamentals
2	the fundamentals
1	you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .
1	take for granted in most films are mishandled here .
2	take for granted in most films are mishandled here
1	for granted in most films are mishandled here
2	granted in most films are mishandled here
2	granted in most films
2	in most films
2	most films
2	are mishandled here
1	mishandled here
2	The Armenian genocide deserves a more engaged and honest treatment .
1	The Armenian genocide
1	Armenian genocide
2	deserves a more engaged and honest treatment .
2	deserves a more engaged and honest treatment
3	a more engaged and honest treatment
3	more engaged and honest treatment
3	more engaged and honest
2	more engaged and
2	more engaged
1	Earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .
2	Earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner
1	yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner
1	curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner
2	curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which
1	curiously tepid and choppy recycling
1	tepid and choppy recycling
1	and choppy recycling
1	choppy recycling
2	in which
1	predictability is the only winner
4	is the only winner
3	the only winner
2	only winner
1	Ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel -LRB- About Schmidt -RRB- and an old Payne screenplay .
1	this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel -LRB- About Schmidt -RRB- and an old Payne screenplay .
0	is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel -LRB- About Schmidt -RRB- and an old Payne screenplay .
1	is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel -LRB- About Schmidt -RRB- and an old Payne screenplay
1	a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel -LRB- About Schmidt -RRB- and an old Payne screenplay
1	a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel -LRB- About Schmidt -RRB- and
2	a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel -LRB- About Schmidt -RRB-
0	a frustrating patchwork :
1	a frustrating patchwork
1	frustrating patchwork
1	an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel -LRB- About Schmidt -RRB-
1	an uneasy marriage
2	uneasy marriage
2	of Louis Begley 's source novel -LRB- About Schmidt -RRB-
2	Louis Begley 's source novel -LRB- About Schmidt -RRB-
2	Louis Begley 's source novel
2	Louis Begley 's
2	Begley 's
2	source novel
2	-LRB- About Schmidt -RRB-
2	About Schmidt -RRB-
2	About Schmidt
2	an old Payne screenplay
2	old Payne screenplay
2	Payne screenplay
3	The exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
1	The exploitative
1	, clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
0	clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
1	staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
0	staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors
1	staged violence overshadows everything ,
1	staged violence overshadows everything
1	violence overshadows everything
2	overshadows everything
2	including most of the actors
2	most of the actors
2	of the actors
2	the actors
0	We started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine .
1	We started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine
2	We started to wonder if ...
2	We started to wonder if
2	started to wonder if
2	to wonder if
2	wonder if
0	some unpaid intern had just typed ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine
1	some unpaid intern
1	unpaid intern
1	had just typed ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine
2	had just
1	typed ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine
2	` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine
1	Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine
2	Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists '
1	Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists
2	Chris Rock , '
2	Chris Rock ,
2	Chris Rock
2	` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists
2	Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists
2	Anthony Hopkins
2	' and ` terrorists
2	and ` terrorists
1	` terrorists
1	into some Univac-like script machine
2	some Univac-like script machine
1	Univac-like script machine
2	script machine
1	Even when Crush departs from the 4W formula ... it feels like a glossy rehash .
2	Even when Crush departs from the 4W formula
2	when Crush departs from the 4W formula
2	Crush departs from the 4W formula
2	departs from the 4W formula
2	from the 4W formula
2	the 4W formula
2	4W formula
1	... it feels like a glossy rehash .
1	it feels like a glossy rehash .
1	feels like a glossy rehash .
1	feels like a glossy rehash
3	like a glossy rehash
1	a glossy rehash
1	glossy rehash
1	More likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .
3	More likely
1	to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .
2	to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat
1	have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat
2	you scratching your head than hiding under your seat
1	scratching your head than hiding under your seat
1	scratching your head
2	your head
2	than hiding under your seat
2	hiding under your seat
2	under your seat
2	your seat
0	Bears is even worse than I imagined a movie ever could be .
0	is even worse than I imagined a movie ever could be .
0	is even worse than I imagined a movie ever could be
1	is even worse
1	even worse
2	than I imagined a movie ever could be
3	I imagined a movie ever could be
2	imagined a movie ever could be
3	a movie ever could be
2	a movie
2	ever could be
2	could be
0	When you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .
2	When you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie
2	you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie
1	find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie
1	yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie
1	rooting for the monsters in a horror movie
2	for the monsters in a horror movie
2	the monsters in a horror movie
2	the monsters
2	in a horror movie
2	a horror movie
2	horror movie
1	, you know the picture is in trouble .
1	you know the picture is in trouble .
0	know the picture is in trouble .
2	know the picture is in trouble
1	the picture is in trouble
2	the picture
1	is in trouble
2	in trouble
1	This is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .
1	is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .
2	is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives
1	is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives
2	very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives
1	much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives
1	of a mixed bag , with enough negatives
2	of a mixed bag
2	a mixed bag
2	mixed bag
1	, with enough negatives
1	with enough negatives
2	enough negatives
2	to outweigh the positives
1	outweigh the positives
3	the positives
0	Marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue .
1	Marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue
1	in clichés and mawkish dialogue
0	clichés and mawkish dialogue
1	and mawkish dialogue
1	mawkish dialogue
1	Whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , I ca n't say for sure : Memories of Rollerball have faded , and I skipped Country Bears .
0	Whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , I ca n't say for sure : Memories of Rollerball have faded , and I skipped Country Bears
0	Whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , I ca n't say for sure :
0	Whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , I ca n't say for sure
2	Whether it 's the worst movie of 2002
1	it 's the worst movie of 2002
0	's the worst movie of 2002
0	the worst movie of 2002
0	the worst movie
0	worst movie
2	of 2002
2	, I ca n't say for sure
2	I ca n't say for sure
2	ca n't say for sure
2	ca n't
2	say for sure
3	for sure
2	Memories of Rollerball have faded , and I skipped Country Bears
2	Memories of Rollerball have faded , and
2	Memories of Rollerball have faded ,
2	Memories of Rollerball have faded
3	Memories of Rollerball
2	of Rollerball
2	have faded
1	I skipped Country Bears
2	skipped Country Bears
2	Country Bears
0	But this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
1	this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
0	this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity
2	this new jangle
2	new jangle
2	of noise , mayhem and stupidity
1	noise , mayhem and stupidity
1	, mayhem and stupidity
0	mayhem and stupidity
2	mayhem and
3	must be a serious contender for the title .
3	must be a serious contender for the title
2	be a serious contender for the title
3	a serious contender for the title
3	a serious contender
3	serious contender
2	for the title
2	the title
1	-LRB- A -RRB- boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
2	-LRB- A -RRB-
2	A -RRB-
0	boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
0	stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
0	stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
1	, luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
0	, luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine
1	, luridly coloured ,
2	luridly coloured ,
2	coloured ,
0	uni-dimensional nonsense machine
1	nonsense machine
1	that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
1	strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
3	strokes the eyeballs
2	the eyeballs
1	while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
1	it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
1	evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
2	like so much crypt mist in the brain
1	so much crypt mist in the brain
2	so much crypt mist
2	so much crypt
2	much crypt
2	in the brain
3	the brain
1	Not once in the rush to save the day did I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . '
1	Not once in the rush to save the day did I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me
3	once in the rush to save the day did I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me
2	in the rush to save the day did I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me
2	the rush to save the day did I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me
2	rush to save the day did I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me
2	to save the day did I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me
2	save the day did I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me
2	the day did I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me
2	the day
2	did I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me
3	I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me
2	become very involved in the proceedings ; to me
2	become very involved in the proceedings ;
2	become very involved in the proceedings
3	become very involved
2	very involved
2	in the proceedings
2	the proceedings
2	to me
2	, it was just a matter of ` eh . '
1	it was just a matter of ` eh . '
1	was just a matter of ` eh . '
2	was just a matter of ` eh .
1	was just a matter of ` eh
2	was just
2	a matter of ` eh
2	a matter
3	of ` eh
2	of `
0	Rollerball IS as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .
0	IS as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .
0	IS as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine
0	as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine
1	as bad as you think , and
1	as bad as you think ,
0	as bad as you think
1	as bad
2	as you think
2	you think
0	worse than you can imagine
2	than you can imagine
2	you can imagine
2	can imagine
1	The first question to ask about Bad Company is why Anthony Hopkins is in it .
2	The first question to ask about Bad Company
2	first question to ask about Bad Company
2	question to ask about Bad Company
2	to ask about Bad Company
2	ask about Bad Company
2	about Bad Company
1	Bad Company
1	is why Anthony Hopkins is in it .
2	is why Anthony Hopkins is in it
2	why Anthony Hopkins is in it
2	Anthony Hopkins is in it
2	Anthony Hopkins
2	is in it
2	in it
0	We assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
0	assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
0	assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
0	he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
0	had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
1	had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce ,
1	had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce
1	a bad run in the market or a costly divorce
0	a bad run
1	bad run
2	in the market or a costly divorce
2	the market or a costly divorce
2	the market or
2	the market
2	a costly divorce
2	costly divorce
0	because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
0	there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
0	is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
0	no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
1	no earthly reason
2	earthly reason
0	other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
1	than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
0	money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
1	why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
0	this distinguished actor would stoop so low
3	this distinguished actor
4	distinguished actor
1	would stoop so low
1	stoop so low
1	so low
1	Not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general .
1	Not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general
1	Not exaggerated enough
2	Not exaggerated
1	to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general
1	be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general
2	a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general
2	a parody
2	of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general
1	gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general
1	gross-out flicks , college flicks , or
2	gross-out flicks , college flicks ,
2	gross-out flicks , college flicks
1	gross-out flicks ,
2	gross-out flicks
2	college flicks
2	even flicks in general
2	even flicks
2	in general
1	It merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
1	merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
1	indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
0	indulges in the worst elements of all of them
1	in the worst elements of all of them
1	the worst elements of all of them
1	the worst elements
1	worst elements
2	of all of them
2	all of them
2	of them
1	Shame on writer\/director Vicente Aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull .
1	Shame on writer\/director Vicente Aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull
0	Shame on writer\/director Vicente Aranda
2	on writer\/director Vicente Aranda
2	writer\/director Vicente Aranda
2	Vicente Aranda
1	for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull
2	making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull
0	a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull
1	a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery
2	a florid biopic
2	florid biopic
3	about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery
2	mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery
2	mad queens , obsessive relationships , and
2	mad queens , obsessive relationships ,
2	mad queens , obsessive relationships
2	mad queens ,
2	mad queens
2	obsessive relationships
1	rampant adultery
0	so dull
2	Suffers from a decided lack of creative storytelling .
1	Suffers from a decided lack of creative storytelling
1	Suffers from a decided lack
2	from a decided lack
2	a decided lack
2	decided lack
3	of creative storytelling
4	creative storytelling
1	Violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .
1	Violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining
0	Violent , vulgar and forgettably
2	, vulgar and forgettably
1	vulgar and forgettably
2	vulgar and
1	Nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .
1	Nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters
1	Nothing happens , and
1	Nothing happens ,
1	Nothing happens
1	it happens to flat characters
2	happens to flat characters
1	to flat characters
1	flat characters
0	With a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard .
1	With a completely predictable plot
2	a completely predictable plot
1	completely predictable plot
1	completely predictable
0	, you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard .
0	you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard .
1	'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard .
2	'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard
1	swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard
1	that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard
2	you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard
2	've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard
2	seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard
1	seen it all before ,
1	seen it all before
2	seen it
2	all before
2	even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard
2	if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard
1	you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard
2	've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard
2	've never
2	come within a mile of The Longest Yard
2	within a mile of The Longest Yard
2	a mile of The Longest Yard
2	a mile
2	of The Longest Yard
2	The Longest Yard
2	Longest Yard
1	Remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?
0	Remember back when thrillers actually thrilled
2	Remember back
2	when thrillers actually thrilled
3	thrillers actually thrilled
3	actually thrilled
2	When the twist endings were actually surprising ?
2	the twist endings were actually surprising ?
4	the twist endings were actually surprising
3	the twist endings
3	twist endings
3	were actually surprising
2	were actually
2	When the violence actually shocked ?
2	the violence actually shocked ?
2	the violence actually shocked
1	the violence
2	actually shocked
2	When the heroes were actually under 40 ?
2	the heroes were actually under 40 ?
2	the heroes were actually under 40
2	the heroes
1	were actually under 40
2	were actually
2	under 40
1	Sadly , as Blood Work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
1	, as Blood Work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
2	as Blood Work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
2	as Blood Work proves
2	Blood Work proves
2	Blood Work
2	, that was a long , long time ago .
2	that was a long , long time ago .
2	was a long , long time ago .
2	was a long , long time ago
2	was a long ,
2	was a long
2	a long
2	long time ago
2	time ago
1	Blue Crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
2	Blue Crush
1	has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
0	has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
3	has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but
3	has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure ,
3	has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure
3	all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure
2	all the trappings
2	the trappings
3	of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure
3	an energetic , extreme-sports adventure
3	energetic , extreme-sports adventure
2	, extreme-sports adventure
2	extreme-sports adventure
1	ends up more of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
2	up more of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
1	more of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
1	of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
0	a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
1	a creaky `` Pretty Woman ''
2	creaky `` Pretty Woman ''
2	`` Pretty Woman ''
2	Pretty Woman ''
2	Woman ''
1	retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
1	retread ,
1	with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
2	the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
1	the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and
2	the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz
2	the emphasis
2	on self-empowering schmaltz
2	self-empowering schmaltz
2	big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
2	big-wave surfing
1	that gives pic its title an afterthought
2	gives pic its title an afterthought
2	gives pic
2	its title an afterthought
2	its title
2	an afterthought
0	This movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101 .
2	This movie
0	plays like an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101 .
0	plays like an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101
0	like an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101
0	an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101
2	an extended dialogue exercise
1	extended dialogue exercise
2	dialogue exercise
2	in Retard 101
1	Retard 101
0	What we get in FearDotCom is more like something from a bad Clive Barker movie .
2	What we get in FearDotCom
2	we get in FearDotCom
2	get in FearDotCom
2	in FearDotCom
1	is more like something from a bad Clive Barker movie .
1	is more like something from a bad Clive Barker movie
2	is more like something
2	more like something
2	like something
1	from a bad Clive Barker movie
1	a bad Clive Barker movie
0	bad Clive Barker movie
2	Clive Barker movie
3	Barker movie
0	In other words , it 's badder than bad .
2	In other words
2	other words
0	, it 's badder than bad .
0	it 's badder than bad .
1	's badder than bad .
0	's badder than bad
0	badder than bad
1	than bad
1	If they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands I kept looking for the last exit from Brooklyn .
2	If they broke out into elaborate choreography
2	they broke out into elaborate choreography
3	broke out into elaborate choreography
2	broke out
3	into elaborate choreography
3	elaborate choreography
1	, singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands I kept looking for the last exit from Brooklyn .
0	singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands I kept looking for the last exit from Brooklyn .
2	singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands I
3	singing and finger
2	singing and
1	snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands I
2	it might have held my attention , but as it stands I
1	it might have held my attention , but
1	it might have held my attention ,
2	it might have held my attention
2	might have held my attention
2	have held my attention
3	held my attention
2	my attention
3	as it stands I
2	it stands I
2	stands I
2	kept looking for the last exit from Brooklyn .
2	kept looking for the last exit from Brooklyn
2	looking for the last exit from Brooklyn
2	for the last exit from Brooklyn
2	the last exit from Brooklyn
2	the last exit
2	last exit
2	from Brooklyn
1	A sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like The Ghost and Mr. Chicken .
1	A sloppy slapstick
1	sloppy slapstick
1	throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like The Ghost and Mr. Chicken .
2	throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like The Ghost and Mr. Chicken
2	to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like The Ghost and Mr. Chicken
1	long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like The Ghost and Mr. Chicken
1	long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare
1	long gone
1	bottom-of-the-bill fare
2	like The Ghost and Mr. Chicken
2	The Ghost and Mr. Chicken
2	The Ghost and
2	The Ghost
2	Mr. Chicken
1	A small independent film suffering from a severe case of Hollywood-itis .
2	A small independent film suffering from a severe case of Hollywood-itis
2	A small independent film
2	small independent film
3	independent film
1	suffering from a severe case of Hollywood-itis
1	from a severe case of Hollywood-itis
1	a severe case of Hollywood-itis
2	a severe case
2	severe case
2	of Hollywood-itis
1	Where the film falters is in its tone .
2	Where the film falters
1	the film falters
2	the film
2	is in its tone .
2	is in its tone
2	in its tone
2	its tone
1	The story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
2	The story
1	alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
0	could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
0	could force you to scratch a hole in your head
1	force you to scratch a hole in your head
0	you to scratch a hole in your head
2	to scratch a hole in your head
1	scratch a hole in your head
1	a hole in your head
2	a hole
2	in your head
2	your head
1	Ultimately , Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
1	, Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
1	Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
1	Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness
1	Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and
1	Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic ,
1	Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic
2	Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband
2	Sarah 's dedication
2	Sarah 's
2	to finding her husband
2	finding her husband
2	her husband
2	seems more psychotic than romantic
1	more psychotic than romantic
1	psychotic than romantic
3	than romantic
1	nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness
2	nothing in the movie
2	in the movie
2	the movie
2	makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness
3	a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness
2	convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness
2	convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we
3	convincing case
2	that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we
2	one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we
2	one woman 's broken heart
2	one woman 's
2	woman 's
2	broken heart
2	outweighs all the loss we
2	all the loss we
1	all the loss
2	the loss
2	It 's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up .
1	It 's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up
1	It 's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength --
2	It 's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength
2	's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength
1	supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength
2	to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength
2	be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength
4	a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength
3	a humorous , all-too-human look
4	humorous , all-too-human look
2	, all-too-human look
2	all-too-human look
3	at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength
3	how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength
2	hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength
2	can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength
3	breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength
2	a certain kind of madness -- and strength
2	a certain kind
2	certain kind
2	of madness -- and strength
3	madness -- and strength
2	-- and strength
2	-- and
1	but it never quite adds up
1	it never quite adds up
1	never quite adds up
1	never quite
2	adds up
0	Feels more like a rejected X-Files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .
2	Feels more
1	like a rejected X-Files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .
1	like a rejected X-Files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening
0	a rejected X-Files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening
1	a rejected X-Files episode
1	rejected X-Files episode
2	X-Files episode
2	than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening
3	a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening
2	a credible account
4	credible account
2	of a puzzling real-life happening
2	a puzzling real-life happening
2	puzzling real-life happening
3	real-life happening
2	Some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills .
3	Some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills
2	Some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ;
2	Some motion pictures portray ultimate passion
2	Some motion pictures
2	motion pictures
3	portray ultimate passion
3	ultimate passion
2	others create ultimate thrills
4	create ultimate thrills
4	ultimate thrills
0	Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as Whiffle-Ball epic .
0	Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as Whiffle-Ball epic
0	Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance --
0	Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance
2	Men in Black II
2	in Black II
2	Black II
0	achieves ultimate insignificance
1	ultimate insignificance
2	it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as Whiffle-Ball epic
2	's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as Whiffle-Ball epic
1	the sci-fi comedy spectacle as Whiffle-Ball epic
2	the sci-fi comedy spectacle
2	sci-fi comedy spectacle
3	comedy spectacle
2	as Whiffle-Ball epic
2	Whiffle-Ball epic
2	An enigmatic film that 's too clever for its own good , it 's a conundrum not worth solving .
1	An enigmatic film that 's too clever for its own good
3	An enigmatic film
2	enigmatic film
1	that 's too clever for its own good
2	's too clever for its own good
1	too clever for its own good
2	clever for its own good
2	for its own good
3	its own good
2	own good
1	, it 's a conundrum not worth solving .
0	it 's a conundrum not worth solving .
2	's a conundrum not worth solving .
1	's a conundrum not worth solving
2	's a conundrum not worth
2	's a conundrum not
2	a conundrum not
2	a conundrum
0	A zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious .
0	A zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
1	A zombie movie in every sense
2	A zombie movie
2	zombie movie
2	in every sense
2	every sense
0	of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
0	the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
2	the word --
2	the word
0	mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
0	, lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
0	lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
1	, meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
0	meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
1	, loud , painful , obnoxious
2	loud , painful , obnoxious
1	, painful , obnoxious
1	painful , obnoxious
1	, obnoxious
2	A film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted .
2	A film that clearly means to
2	A film
2	that clearly means to
2	clearly means to
2	means to
1	preach exclusively to the converted .
2	preach exclusively to the converted
2	preach exclusively
2	to the converted
2	the converted
0	It does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .
1	does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .
0	does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
1	does n't
1	take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
2	take a rocket scientist
2	a rocket scientist
2	rocket scientist
1	to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
1	figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
2	figure out
0	that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
1	this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
1	is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
1	a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
2	a Mormon family movie , and
2	a Mormon family movie ,
2	a Mormon family movie
2	Mormon family movie
3	family movie
1	a sappy , preachy one at that
1	a sappy , preachy one
1	sappy , preachy one
2	, preachy one
2	preachy one
2	at that
3	Definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the Roman Colosseum .
2	a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the Roman Colosseum .
3	a crowd-pleaser , but then , so
3	a crowd-pleaser , but then ,
3	a crowd-pleaser , but then
2	a crowd-pleaser , but
3	a crowd-pleaser ,
3	a crowd-pleaser
2	was the Roman Colosseum .
2	was the Roman Colosseum
2	the Roman Colosseum
2	Roman Colosseum
1	Certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either .
2	not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either .
1	not a good movie
4	a good movie
3	good movie
2	, but it was n't horrible either .
3	but it was n't horrible either .
3	but it was n't horrible either
3	it was n't horrible either
2	was n't horrible either
2	was n't
2	horrible either
1	Although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
1	Although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming
0	it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming
0	starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming
0	starts off so bad
2	starts off
1	so bad
0	that you feel like running out screaming
0	you feel like running out screaming
0	feel like running out screaming
1	like running out screaming
2	running out screaming
2	out screaming
0	, it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
1	it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
0	eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
1	eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful
1	works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful
3	works its way up
2	works its way
2	its way
1	to merely bad rather than painfully awful
1	merely bad rather than painfully awful
1	merely bad rather than
1	merely bad
2	rather than
0	painfully awful
1	The result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .
2	The result
0	is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .
0	is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel
2	is so
1	tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel
0	that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel
0	even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel
2	even slightly wised-up kids
3	slightly wised-up kids
2	wised-up kids
1	would quickly change the channel
2	would quickly
1	change the channel
2	the channel
0	It appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up .
1	appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up .
0	appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up
1	to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up
1	have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up
1	been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up
0	modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up
0	on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up
1	the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up
0	the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés
1	worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés
1	revenge-of-the-nerds clichés
1	the filmmakers could dredge up
2	the filmmakers
1	could dredge up
1	dredge up
1	Nothing but an episode of Smackdown !
1	Nothing but an episode of Smackdown
1	Nothing but an episode
2	but an episode
2	an episode
2	of Smackdown
2	in period costume and with a bigger budget .
2	in period costume and with a bigger budget
2	in period costume and
2	in period costume
2	period costume
2	with a bigger budget
2	a bigger budget
2	bigger budget
3	It takes you somewhere you 're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface -LRB- and exotic dancing -RRB- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned .
3	It takes you somewhere
3	takes you somewhere
2	takes you
2	you 're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface -LRB- and exotic dancing -RRB- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned .
1	're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface -LRB- and exotic dancing -RRB- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned .
3	're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface -LRB- and exotic dancing -RRB- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned
2	're not
2	likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface -LRB- and exotic dancing -RRB- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned
3	to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface -LRB- and exotic dancing -RRB- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned
3	have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface -LRB- and exotic dancing -RRB- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned
2	seen before , but beneath the exotic surface -LRB- and exotic dancing -RRB- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned
2	before , but beneath the exotic surface -LRB- and exotic dancing -RRB- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned
2	, but beneath the exotic surface -LRB- and exotic dancing -RRB- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned
2	, but
2	beneath the exotic surface -LRB- and exotic dancing -RRB- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned
2	the exotic surface -LRB- and exotic dancing -RRB- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned
3	the exotic surface -LRB- and exotic dancing -RRB-
2	the exotic surface
2	exotic surface
2	-LRB- and exotic dancing -RRB-
2	-LRB- and exotic dancing
2	-LRB- and
2	exotic dancing
2	it 's surprisingly old-fashioned
2	's surprisingly old-fashioned
2	surprisingly old-fashioned
0	While the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel it 's based upon , Queen Of The Damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
2	While the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel it 's based upon
3	the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel it 's based upon
2	the story
3	is better-focused than the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel it 's based upon
2	is better-focused than the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel
2	better-focused than the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel
2	than the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel
1	the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel
2	incomprehensible Anne Rice novel
2	Anne Rice novel
2	Rice novel
2	it 's based upon
2	's based upon
2	based upon
0	, Queen Of The Damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
1	Queen Of The Damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
0	Of The Damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
2	Of The Damned
2	The Damned
2	is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
1	is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle
0	a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle
1	a pointless , meandering celebration
2	pointless , meandering celebration
0	pointless , meandering
1	, meandering
1	of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle
2	the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle
1	goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle
2	goth-vampire , tortured
3	, tortured
2	woe-is-me lifestyle
1	It should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring .
1	It should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring
2	It should be interesting , it should be poignant ,
2	It should be interesting , it should be poignant
2	It should be interesting ,
3	It should be interesting
3	should be interesting
2	be interesting
3	it should be poignant
1	should be poignant
2	be poignant
1	it turns out to be affected and boring
1	turns out to be affected and boring
2	turns out
1	to be affected and boring
2	be affected and boring
1	affected and boring
2	affected and
2	A good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance .
2	A good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance
1	A good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller
1	good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller
1	good-looking but ultimately pointless
2	good-looking but
0	ultimately pointless
2	political thriller
1	with plenty of action and almost no substance
2	plenty of action and almost no substance
1	of action and almost no substance
1	action and almost no substance
3	action and
1	almost no substance
0	no substance
0	A tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
1	A tired , predictable
0	tired , predictable
1	tired ,
0	, bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
1	bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
0	bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid
0	on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid
0	offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid
2	offensive ,
0	waste of time , money and celluloid
1	of time , money and celluloid
2	time , money and celluloid
2	, money and celluloid
2	money and celluloid
2	money and
0	If Hill is n't quite his generation 's Don Siegel -LRB- or Robert Aldrich -RRB- , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and cliché .
0	If Hill is n't quite his generation 's Don Siegel -LRB- or Robert Aldrich -RRB- , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and cliché
1	If Hill is n't quite his generation 's Don Siegel -LRB- or Robert Aldrich -RRB- , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ;
1	If Hill is n't quite his generation 's Don Siegel -LRB- or Robert Aldrich -RRB- , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
2	If Hill is n't quite his generation 's Don Siegel -LRB- or Robert Aldrich -RRB-
2	Hill is n't quite his generation 's Don Siegel -LRB- or Robert Aldrich -RRB-
2	is n't quite his generation 's Don Siegel -LRB- or Robert Aldrich -RRB-
1	is n't quite
1	is n't
2	his generation 's Don Siegel -LRB- or Robert Aldrich -RRB-
2	his generation 's Don Siegel
3	his generation 's
2	generation 's
2	Don Siegel
2	-LRB- or Robert Aldrich -RRB-
3	-LRB- or Robert Aldrich
2	-LRB- or
2	Robert Aldrich
1	, it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
1	it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
1	's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
2	because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
1	there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
1	's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
1	no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
1	no discernible feeling
2	discernible feeling
2	beneath the chest hair
2	the chest hair
2	chest hair
1	it 's all bluster and cliché
1	's all bluster and cliché
1	all bluster and cliché
1	bluster and cliché
1	bluster and
0	Stealing Harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
2	Stealing Harvard
0	will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
0	will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious
1	dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious
3	dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and
1	dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time ,
1	dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time
2	dip into your wallet ,
2	dip into your wallet
2	into your wallet
2	your wallet
1	swipe 90 minutes of your time
2	90 minutes of your time
2	90 minutes
2	of your time
2	your time
2	offer you precisely this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious
2	offer you precisely this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin
2	offer you precisely
2	offer you
1	this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin
2	this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot
3	in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot
2	recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot
2	recompense :
2	A few early laughs scattered around a plot
2	A few early laughs
3	few early laughs
3	early laughs
2	scattered around a plot
2	around a plot
2	a plot
2	as thin
1	as it is repetitious
1	it is repetitious
1	is repetitious
1	This is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
0	is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
1	is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors
0	an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors
0	an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and
0	an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief
0	an insultingly inept and artificial examination
1	insultingly inept and artificial examination
0	insultingly inept and artificial
1	inept and artificial
1	inept and
2	of grief
2	its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors
2	its impacts
2	upon the relationships of the survivors
2	the relationships of the survivors
2	the relationships
2	of the survivors
3	the survivors
2	Does anyone much think the central story of Brendan Behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ?
2	Does anyone much think the central story of Brendan Behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink
2	Does anyone much
2	Does anyone
2	think the central story of Brendan Behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink
2	the central story of Brendan Behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink
2	the central story of Brendan Behan
3	the central story
2	central story
2	of Brendan Behan
2	Brendan Behan
2	is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink
2	that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink
2	he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink
2	was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink
2	was a bisexual sweetheart
2	a bisexual sweetheart
2	bisexual sweetheart
2	before he took to drink
2	he took to drink
2	took to drink
2	to drink
0	` Martin Lawrence Live ' is so self-pitying , I almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
2	Martin Lawrence Live ' is so self-pitying , I almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
1	Martin Lawrence Live ' is so self-pitying
2	Martin Lawrence Live '
2	Lawrence Live '
2	Live '
1	is so self-pitying
2	so self-pitying
2	, I almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
1	I almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
2	almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
2	expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
1	expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show
2	there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show
1	to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show
1	be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show
2	a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show
2	a collection
2	taken for the comedian at the end of the show
2	for the comedian at the end of the show
2	the comedian at the end of the show
2	the comedian
2	at the end of the show
2	the end of the show
2	the end
2	of the show
2	the show
1	The dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .
0	The dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so
1	The dialogue is cumbersome ,
1	The dialogue is cumbersome
2	The dialogue
1	is cumbersome
1	the simpering soundtrack and editing more so
1	the simpering soundtrack and editing
2	the simpering soundtrack and
1	the simpering soundtrack
1	simpering soundtrack
2	more so
1	Never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .
1	decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .
2	decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three
1	whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three
1	it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three
2	wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three
2	to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three
2	be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three
2	a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three
2	a black comedy , drama , melodrama or
2	a black comedy , drama , melodrama
2	a black comedy , drama ,
2	a black comedy , drama
3	a black comedy ,
2	a black comedy
2	black comedy
2	some combination of the three
2	some combination
2	of the three
2	the three
1	It has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .
1	has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .
0	has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past
0	become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past
2	become apparent
1	that the franchise 's best years are long past
0	the franchise 's best years are long past
3	the franchise 's best years
2	the franchise 's
2	franchise 's
2	best years
2	are long past
2	long past
2	Does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer boring .
1	Does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer boring
3	Does what should seem impossible :
3	Does what should seem impossible
2	what should seem impossible
2	should seem impossible
2	seem impossible
1	it makes serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer boring
1	makes serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer boring
1	serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer boring
2	serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer
2	killer Jeffrey Dahmer
2	Jeffrey Dahmer
2	Do n't hate El Crimen del Padre Amaro because it 's anti-Catholic .
2	Do n't hate El Crimen del Padre Amaro because it 's anti-Catholic
1	Do n't
0	hate El Crimen del Padre Amaro because it 's anti-Catholic
2	El Crimen del Padre Amaro because it 's anti-Catholic
2	El Crimen del Padre Amaro
2	Crimen del Padre Amaro
2	del Padre Amaro
2	Padre Amaro
2	because it 's anti-Catholic
2	it 's anti-Catholic
2	's anti-Catholic
0	Hate it because it 's lousy .
0	Hate it because it 's lousy
0	Hate it
0	because it 's lousy
1	it 's lousy
2	's lousy
1	... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
1	better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
1	described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
1	described as a ghost story gone badly awry
1	as a ghost story gone badly awry
0	a ghost story gone badly awry
2	a ghost story
2	ghost story
1	gone badly awry
1	badly awry
0	Like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create .
1	Like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art
1	a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art
1	a bad improvisation exercise ,
1	a bad improvisation exercise
1	bad improvisation exercise
2	improvisation exercise
1	the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art
1	the superficially written characters ramble
1	superficially written characters ramble
1	superficially written
1	characters ramble
1	on tediously about their lives , loves and the art
2	tediously about their lives , loves and the art
3	about their lives , loves and the art
3	their lives , loves and the art
2	their lives , loves and
2	their lives , loves
2	their lives ,
2	their lives
2	the art
1	they 're struggling to create .
1	're struggling to create .
2	're struggling to create
1	struggling to create
2	to create
1	The filmmakers are playing to the Big Boys in New York and L.A. To that end , they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .
2	The filmmakers are playing to the Big Boys in New York and L.A. To that end
2	The filmmakers
2	are playing to the Big Boys in New York and L.A. To that end
2	playing to the Big Boys in New York and L.A. To that end
2	playing to the Big Boys in New York and L.A.
2	to the Big Boys in New York and L.A.
2	the Big Boys in New York and L.A.
2	the Big Boys
2	Big Boys
2	in New York and L.A.
2	New York and L.A.
2	York and L.A.
2	York and
2	To that end
2	that end
1	, they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .
2	they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .
1	mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .
2	mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either
2	the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either
2	the kind
1	of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either
1	folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either
2	folks they do n't understand ,
2	folks they do n't understand
2	they do n't understand
2	do n't understand
2	do n't
2	ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either
1	they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either
1	figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either
1	figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand ,
1	figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand
1	the power-lunchers do n't care to understand
2	the power-lunchers
1	do n't care to understand
2	do n't
2	care to understand
2	to understand
3	Competently directed but terminally cute drama .
3	directed but terminally cute drama .
2	directed but terminally cute drama
2	directed but
3	terminally cute drama
3	cute drama
1	The big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
2	The big finish
2	big finish
1	is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
0	is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing
1	a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing
2	a bit
0	like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing
0	getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing
2	getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and
2	getting all excited about a chocolate eclair
3	all excited about a chocolate eclair
2	excited about a chocolate eclair
2	excited about a chocolate
2	about a chocolate
3	a chocolate
1	then biting into it and finding the filling missing
2	then biting into it and
2	then biting into it
2	biting into it
2	into it
2	finding the filling missing
2	the filling missing
3	the filling
1	Not just unlikable .
0	just unlikable .
1	just unlikable
1	Disturbing .
0	Disgusting .
0	Without any redeeming value whatsoever .
0	Without any redeeming value whatsoever
1	any redeeming value whatsoever
2	redeeming value whatsoever
1	value whatsoever
0	This thing is virtually unwatchable .
2	This thing
0	is virtually unwatchable .
0	is virtually unwatchable
0	virtually unwatchable
3	Those eternally devoted to the insanity of Black will have an intermittently good time .
2	Those eternally devoted to the insanity of Black
2	Those eternally
1	devoted to the insanity of Black
2	to the insanity of Black
2	the insanity of Black
1	the insanity
2	of Black
3	will have an intermittently good time .
3	will have an intermittently good time
3	have an intermittently good time
3	an intermittently good time
3	intermittently good time
3	intermittently good
0	Feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .
2	free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .
1	free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen
2	to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen
2	go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen
1	get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen
2	get popcorn
2	whenever he 's not onscreen
2	he 's not onscreen
2	's not onscreen
2	's not
1	The self-serious Equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows .
2	The self-serious Equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows
1	The self-serious Equilibrium makes its point too well ;
2	The self-serious Equilibrium makes its point too well
1	The self-serious Equilibrium
2	self-serious Equilibrium
3	makes its point too well
3	makes its point
2	its point
2	too well
2	a movie , like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows
2	a movie
3	, like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows
2	like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows
3	like life
2	, is n't much fun without the highs and lows
1	is n't much fun without the highs and lows
1	is n't much fun
1	is n't
4	much fun
2	without the highs and lows
3	the highs and lows
2	highs and lows
2	highs and
3	The work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way .
0	The work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way
2	The work
2	of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way
0	an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way
1	an exhausted , desiccated talent
1	exhausted , desiccated talent
0	, desiccated talent
1	desiccated talent
2	who ca n't get out of his own way
2	ca n't get out of his own way
2	ca n't
2	get out of his own way
1	get out
2	of his own way
2	his own way
2	own way
0	The main characters are simply named The Husband , The Wife and The Kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .
2	The main characters
2	main characters
2	are simply named The Husband , The Wife and The Kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .
1	are simply named The Husband , The Wife and The Kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort
2	are simply
0	named The Husband , The Wife and The Kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort
2	named The Husband , The Wife and The Kidnapper ,
2	named The Husband , The Wife and The Kidnapper
2	The Husband , The Wife and The Kidnapper
2	The Husband , The Wife and
2	The Husband , The Wife
2	The Husband ,
2	The Husband
2	The Wife
2	The Kidnapper
1	emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort
1	the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort
1	the disappointingly generic nature
1	disappointingly generic nature
0	disappointingly generic
2	of the entire effort
2	the entire effort
2	entire effort
0	In terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .
2	In terms of execution
2	terms of execution
2	of execution
1	this movie is careless and unfocused .
2	this movie
1	is careless and unfocused .
1	is careless and unfocused
0	careless and unfocused
1	careless and
0	Swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .
2	Swims in mediocrity
2	in mediocrity
3	, sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .
2	sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .
2	sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then
2	sticking its head up
2	sticking its head
2	its head
3	for a breath of fresh air now and then
3	a breath of fresh air now and then
3	a breath
2	of fresh air now and then
3	fresh air now and then
3	fresh air
2	now and then
2	now and
1	The only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies .
2	The only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles
2	The only type
2	only type
2	of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles
2	lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles
2	this glossy comedy-drama resembles
2	this glossy comedy-drama
2	glossy comedy-drama
2	are ones in formulaic mainstream movies .
2	are ones in formulaic mainstream movies
2	ones in formulaic mainstream movies
2	in formulaic mainstream movies
2	formulaic mainstream movies
2	mainstream movies
0	The characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
2	The characters
2	... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
1	are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
0	are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script
1	paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script
1	, and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script
3	, and
1	their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script
2	their personalities
1	undergo radical changes when it suits the script
2	undergo radical changes
2	radical changes
2	when it suits the script
3	it suits the script
3	suits the script
2	the script
2	A Sha-Na-Na sketch punctuated with graphic violence .
2	A Sha-Na-Na sketch
2	Sha-Na-Na sketch
1	punctuated with graphic violence .
2	punctuated with graphic violence
2	with graphic violence
1	graphic violence
1	The trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .
2	The trouble
1	is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .
2	is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through
2	is ,
1	its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through
2	its filmmakers
1	run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through
1	run out of clever ideas and visual gags
2	run out
3	of clever ideas and visual gags
3	clever ideas and visual gags
3	clever ideas and
3	clever ideas
1	visual gags
2	about halfway through
2	halfway through
2	Spy-vs .
0	- spy action flick with Antonio Banderas and Lucy Liu never comes together .
1	spy action flick with Antonio Banderas and Lucy Liu never comes together .
1	spy action flick with Antonio Banderas and Lucy Liu never comes together
2	spy action flick with Antonio Banderas and
2	spy action flick with Antonio Banderas
2	spy action
2	flick with Antonio Banderas
2	with Antonio Banderas
3	Antonio Banderas
1	Lucy Liu never comes together
2	Lucy Liu
1	never comes together
3	comes together
0	A so-so , made-for-TV something posing as a real movie .
2	A so-so , made-for-TV something
2	so-so , made-for-TV something
1	so-so , made-for-TV
2	, made-for-TV
0	posing as a real movie .
1	posing as a real movie
3	as a real movie
3	a real movie
2	real movie
2	The only upside to all of this unpleasantness is , given its Labor Day weekend upload , FearDotCom should log a minimal number of hits .
1	The only upside to all of this unpleasantness
2	The only upside
2	only upside
1	to all of this unpleasantness
1	all of this unpleasantness
1	of this unpleasantness
1	this unpleasantness
2	is , given its Labor Day weekend upload , FearDotCom should log a minimal number of hits .
2	is , given its Labor Day weekend upload , FearDotCom should log a minimal number of hits
2	is ,
1	given its Labor Day weekend upload , FearDotCom should log a minimal number of hits
3	given its Labor Day weekend upload
3	its Labor Day weekend upload
2	Labor Day weekend upload
2	Day weekend upload
2	weekend upload
1	, FearDotCom should log a minimal number of hits
2	FearDotCom should log a minimal number of hits
2	should log a minimal number of hits
3	log a minimal number of hits
2	a minimal number of hits
1	a minimal number
2	minimal number
2	of hits
1	Whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it 's an unhappy situation all around .
2	Whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art
2	this is art imitating life or life imitating art
2	is art imitating life or life imitating art
2	art imitating life or life imitating art
2	imitating life or life imitating art
2	imitating life or life
2	life or life
2	life or
2	imitating art
1	, it 's an unhappy situation all around .
1	it 's an unhappy situation all around .
1	's an unhappy situation all around .
1	's an unhappy situation all around
1	's an unhappy situation
2	an unhappy situation
1	unhappy situation
2	all around
1	An uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .
1	An uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection
1	An uneasy mix
1	uneasy mix
2	of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection
2	run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection
1	run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and
2	run-of-the-mill raunchy humor
2	raunchy humor
3	seemingly sincere personal reflection
2	seemingly sincere
2	personal reflection
3	A formula family tearjerker told with a heavy Irish brogue ... accentuating , rather than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust .
2	A formula family tearjerker told with a heavy Irish brogue ... accentuating , rather than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust
2	A formula family tearjerker told with a heavy Irish brogue ...
2	A formula family tearjerker told with a heavy Irish brogue
2	A formula family tearjerker
3	formula family tearjerker
2	family tearjerker
2	told with a heavy Irish brogue
2	with a heavy Irish brogue
2	a heavy Irish brogue
2	heavy Irish brogue
2	Irish brogue
2	accentuating , rather than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust
2	accentuating , rather than muting
2	accentuating , rather than
3	accentuating ,
2	rather than
1	, the plot 's saccharine thrust
2	the plot 's saccharine thrust
2	the plot
2	's saccharine thrust
2	saccharine thrust
1	This is Sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often .
0	is Sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often .
1	is Sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often
1	Sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often
1	running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often
1	running on empty ,
1	running on empty
2	on empty
1	repeating what he 's already done way too often
1	what he 's already done way too often
0	he 's already done way too often
1	's already done way too often
2	's already
1	done way too often
2	way too often
2	too often
1	This is as lax and limp a comedy as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .
0	is as lax and limp a comedy as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .
2	is as lax and limp a comedy as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
0	as lax and limp a comedy as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
0	lax and limp a comedy as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
1	lax and limp
1	lax and
1	a comedy as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
2	a comedy
1	as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
1	I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
1	've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
1	seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
2	seen in a while , a meander
2	in a while , a meander
2	a while , a meander
2	a while ,
2	a while
2	a meander
1	through worn-out material
1	worn-out material
0	Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life .
0	Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
2	Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers , '' but
1	Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers , ''
1	Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers ,
2	Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers
2	literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers
2	stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers
0	on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers
1	a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers
3	a dime
1	in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers
1	the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers
1	tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers
2	`` Clockstoppers
1	that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
2	does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
1	does n't
1	mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
2	it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
2	still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
2	wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
2	wo n't
0	feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
0	like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
0	the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
0	the longest 90 minutes
2	the longest
2	90 minutes
2	of your movie-going life
2	your movie-going life
2	movie-going life
1	The sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .
2	The sort of picture in which
2	The sort
2	of picture in which
2	picture in which
2	in which
2	, whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .
2	whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .
2	whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do
2	one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do
2	one of the characters
2	of the characters
2	the characters
2	has some serious soul searching to do
2	some serious soul searching to do
3	some serious soul
3	serious soul
2	searching to do
2	to do
3	, they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .
3	they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .
2	go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .
4	go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset
3	go to a picture-perfect beach
4	to a picture-perfect beach
4	a picture-perfect beach
3	picture-perfect beach
3	during sunset
2	Aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production does n't work for me .
2	Aptly named
2	, this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production does n't work for me .
2	this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production does n't work for me .
3	this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production
4	this shimmering , beautifully costumed and
3	this shimmering , beautifully costumed
4	shimmering , beautifully costumed
3	, beautifully costumed
3	beautifully costumed
2	filmed production
1	does n't work for me .
0	does n't work for me
1	does n't
2	work for me
2	for me
2	A preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in Brooklyn circa 1958 .
1	A preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in Brooklyn circa
1	A preposterously melodramatic paean
1	preposterously melodramatic paean
2	preposterously melodramatic
2	to gang-member teens in Brooklyn circa
2	gang-member teens in Brooklyn circa
2	gang-member teens
2	in Brooklyn circa
2	Brooklyn circa
2	1958 .
1	Has none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal '' , and feels more like Lyne 's stolid remake of `` Lolita '' .
0	Has none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal '' , and feels more like Lyne 's stolid remake of `` Lolita ''
1	Has none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal '' , and
1	Has none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal '' ,
1	none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal '' ,
1	none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal ''
1	none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even
1	none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or
1	none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' ,
2	none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks ''
2	of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks ''
2	the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks ''
2	the crackle
2	of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks ''
2	of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks
2	of ``
2	Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks
2	Fatal Attraction '' ,
2	Fatal Attraction ''
2	Fatal Attraction
2	`` 9 1\/2 Weeks
2	9 1\/2 Weeks
2	1\/2 Weeks
2	`` Indecent Proposal ''
2	Indecent Proposal ''
2	Proposal ''
2	feels more like Lyne 's stolid remake of `` Lolita ''
2	feels more
2	like Lyne 's stolid remake of `` Lolita ''
2	Lyne 's stolid remake of `` Lolita ''
3	Lyne 's stolid remake
2	Lyne 's
1	stolid remake
2	of `` Lolita ''
2	`` Lolita ''
2	Lolita ''
2	Everything its title implies , a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the Tinseltown assembly line .
2	Everything its title implies
2	Everything its title
2	its title
0	, a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the Tinseltown assembly line .
3	a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the Tinseltown assembly line .
2	a standard-issue crime drama
2	standard-issue crime drama
1	crime drama
1	spat out from the Tinseltown assembly line .
1	spat out from the Tinseltown assembly line
3	spat out
1	from the Tinseltown assembly line
2	the Tinseltown assembly line
1	Tinseltown assembly line
2	assembly line
2	An extraordinarily silly thriller .
2	An extraordinarily silly thriller
1	extraordinarily silly thriller
2	extraordinarily silly
1	A rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade .
2	A rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade
1	A rehash of every gangster movie
1	A rehash
2	of every gangster movie
2	every gangster movie
2	gangster movie
2	from the past decade
2	the past decade
2	past decade
0	Gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .
0	Gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth
0	Gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' -
1	Gaping plot holes sink this ` sub '
1	plot holes sink this ` sub '
1	plot holes
1	sink this ` sub '
2	this ` sub '
2	` sub '
2	sub '
1	standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth
1	standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm
2	thriller and drag audience enthusiasm
2	and drag audience enthusiasm
1	drag audience enthusiasm
2	audience enthusiasm
1	to crush depth
2	crush depth
1	Talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .
0	Talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark
2	Talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but
2	Talkiness is n't necessarily bad ,
3	Talkiness is n't necessarily bad
2	is n't necessarily bad
1	is n't
2	necessarily bad
1	the dialogue frequently misses the mark
2	the dialogue
1	frequently misses the mark
1	misses the mark
3	the mark
1	The beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slack complacency of -LRB- Godard 's -RRB- vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .
3	The beautiful images and solemn words
3	beautiful images and solemn words
2	images and solemn words
2	and solemn words
2	solemn words
1	can not disguise the slack complacency of -LRB- Godard 's -RRB- vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .
1	can not disguise the slack complacency of -LRB- Godard 's -RRB- vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice
2	can not
1	disguise the slack complacency of -LRB- Godard 's -RRB- vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice
2	disguise the slack complacency of -LRB- Godard 's -RRB- vision ,
1	disguise the slack complacency of -LRB- Godard 's -RRB- vision
1	the slack complacency of -LRB- Godard 's -RRB- vision
1	the slack complacency
0	slack complacency
2	of -LRB- Godard 's -RRB- vision
2	-LRB- Godard 's -RRB- vision
2	-LRB- Godard 's -RRB-
2	Godard 's -RRB-
2	Godard 's
1	any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice
2	any more
2	than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice
2	the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice
4	the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack
3	the gorgeous piano and
3	the gorgeous piano
3	gorgeous piano
2	strings on the soundtrack
2	on the soundtrack
2	the soundtrack
0	can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice
1	drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice
1	drown out
1	the tinny self-righteousness of his voice
1	the tinny self-righteousness
1	tinny self-righteousness
2	of his voice
2	his voice
3	The stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .
4	The stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny
4	The stunt work is top-notch ;
4	The stunt work is top-notch
2	The stunt work
2	stunt work
4	is top-notch
4	the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny
1	the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly
2	the dialogue and drama
2	dialogue and drama
2	dialogue and
3	often food-spittingly
1	The movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten .
0	The movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten
2	The movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ;
1	The movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced '
2	The movie
1	is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced '
2	is n't painfully bad ,
2	is n't painfully bad
1	is n't
0	painfully bad
3	something to be ` fully experienced '
2	to be ` fully experienced '
2	be ` fully experienced '
2	` fully experienced '
2	fully experienced '
2	experienced '
1	it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten
0	's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten
1	's just tediously bad ,
0	's just tediously bad
2	's just
2	tediously bad
0	something to be fully forgotten
1	to be fully forgotten
2	be fully forgotten
1	fully forgotten
1	Charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past Love Story derisions .
0	comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past Love Story derisions .
2	comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past Love Story derisions
2	comes off
0	as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past Love Story derisions
1	emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past Love Story derisions
1	emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable
2	emotionally manipulative and
2	emotionally manipulative
1	sadly imitative of innumerable
1	imitative of innumerable
2	of innumerable
1	past Love Story derisions
2	Love Story derisions
2	Story derisions
0	What a great shame that such a talented director as Chen Kaige has chosen to make his English-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .
0	What a great shame that such a talented director as Chen Kaige has chosen to make his English-language debut with a film
0	a great shame that such a talented director as Chen Kaige has chosen to make his English-language debut with a film
1	a great shame that such a talented director as Chen Kaige
2	a great shame
1	great shame
3	that such a talented director as Chen Kaige
3	such a talented director as Chen Kaige
2	such a
3	talented director as Chen Kaige
4	talented director
2	as Chen Kaige
2	Chen Kaige
1	has chosen to make his English-language debut with a film
2	chosen to make his English-language debut with a film
2	to make his English-language debut with a film
2	make his English-language debut with a film
2	make his English-language debut
2	his English-language debut
2	English-language debut
2	with a film
2	a film
0	so poorly plotted and scripted .
1	so poorly
2	plotted and scripted .
2	plotted and scripted
2	plotted and
0	No amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .
2	No amount of good intentions
2	No amount
2	of good intentions
3	good intentions
2	is able to overcome the triviality of the story .
3	is able to overcome the triviality of the story
2	able to overcome the triviality of the story
2	to overcome the triviality of the story
3	overcome the triviality of the story
2	the triviality of the story
1	the triviality
2	of the story
2	the story
3	The film ... presents classic moral-condundrum drama : What would you have done to survive ?
2	The film ...
2	The film
2	presents classic moral-condundrum drama : What would you have done to survive ?
1	classic moral-condundrum drama : What would you have done to survive ?
2	classic moral-condundrum drama :
2	classic moral-condundrum drama
2	moral-condundrum drama
2	What would you have done to survive ?
2	would you have done to survive ?
2	would you have done to survive
2	would you
2	have done to survive
2	done to survive
2	to survive
1	The problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau .
1	The problem with the film
2	The problem
2	with the film
2	the film
1	is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau .
1	is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau
1	whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau
2	these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau
2	these ambitions , laudable in themselves ,
3	these ambitions , laudable in themselves
2	these ambitions ,
2	these ambitions
3	laudable in themselves
2	in themselves
1	justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau
2	a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau
2	a theatrical simulation
2	theatrical simulation
2	of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau
2	the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau
2	the death camp
2	death camp
2	of Auschwitz II-Birkenau
2	Auschwitz II-Birkenau
1	... for all its social and political potential , State Property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
1	for all its social and political potential , State Property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
2	for all its social and political potential
2	all its social and political potential
3	its social and political potential
3	social and political potential
2	social and political
2	social and
1	, State Property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
1	State Property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
2	State Property
1	does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
1	does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful
1	does n't
2	end up being very inspiring or insightful
2	end up
3	being very inspiring or insightful
3	very inspiring or insightful
3	inspiring or insightful
2	inspiring or
1	A film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't .
1	A film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't
3	A film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and
3	A film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time ,
3	A film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time
2	A film
2	really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time
2	has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time
3	to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time
2	be exceptional to justify a three hour running time
3	exceptional to justify a three hour running time
2	to justify a three hour running time
2	justify a three hour running time
2	a three hour running time
2	three hour running time
2	hour running time
2	running time
2	this is n't
1	is n't
1	Little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ... is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .
1	Little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point
2	Little more
1	than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point
3	a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point
3	a stylish exercise
3	stylish exercise
2	in revisionism whose point
2	revisionism whose point
2	whose point
2	... is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .
2	is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .
1	is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable
2	is no doubt true , but
2	is no doubt true ,
3	is no doubt true
2	is no doubt
2	no doubt
1	serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable
1	serves as a rather thin moral
2	as a rather thin moral
1	a rather thin moral
1	rather thin moral
1	rather thin
2	to such a knowing fable
2	such a knowing fable
2	a knowing fable
2	knowing fable
0	The nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
3	The nonstop artifice
2	nonstop artifice
0	ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
0	proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
0	proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
1	proves tiresome ,
1	proves tiresome
0	with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
1	the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
1	the surface histrionics
2	surface histrionics
1	failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
1	to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
2	compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
1	for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
1	the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
1	the paper-thin characterizations and
1	the paper-thin characterizations
1	paper-thin characterizations
2	facile situations
1	This is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .
1	is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .
0	is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy
1	is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking :
2	is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking
4	is a monumental achievement
4	a monumental achievement
4	monumental achievement
1	in practically every facet of inept filmmaking
1	practically every facet of inept filmmaking
2	practically every facet
2	every facet
1	of inept filmmaking
1	inept filmmaking
0	joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy
0	joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed ,
0	joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed
1	joyless ,
2	idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed
0	, annoying , heavy-handed
1	annoying , heavy-handed
2	, heavy-handed
0	visually atrocious , and often downright creepy
2	visually atrocious , and
1	visually atrocious ,
0	visually atrocious
1	often downright creepy
1	downright creepy
2	This off-putting French romantic comedy is sure to test severely the indulgence of fans of Amélie .
1	This off-putting French romantic comedy
2	off-putting French romantic comedy
2	French romantic comedy
2	romantic comedy
2	is sure to test severely the indulgence of fans of Amélie .
1	is sure to test severely the indulgence of fans of Amélie
2	sure to test severely the indulgence of fans of Amélie
2	to test severely the indulgence of fans of Amélie
1	test severely the indulgence of fans of Amélie
2	test severely
2	the indulgence of fans of Amélie
2	the indulgence
2	of fans of Amélie
2	fans of Amélie
2	of Amélie
1	overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
1	with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
1	complicated plotting and banal dialogue
2	complicated plotting and
2	complicated plotting
1	banal dialogue
2	Ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy .
2	Ensemble movies , like soap operas ,
2	Ensemble movies , like soap operas
2	Ensemble movies ,
2	Ensemble movies
2	like soap operas
2	soap operas
1	depend on empathy .
2	depend on empathy
2	on empathy
2	If there ai n't none , you have a problem .
2	If there ai n't none
2	there ai n't none
2	ai n't none
2	ai n't
1	, you have a problem .
1	you have a problem .
2	have a problem .
2	have a problem
2	a problem
1	The Master of Disguise falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on Saturday Night Live . '
2	The Master of Disguise
2	The Master
2	of Disguise
1	falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on Saturday Night Live . '
2	falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on Saturday Night Live .
2	falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on Saturday Night Live
2	under the category of ` should have been a sketch on Saturday Night Live
2	the category of ` should have been a sketch on Saturday Night Live
2	the category
1	of ` should have been a sketch on Saturday Night Live
2	of `
2	should have been a sketch on Saturday Night Live
3	have been a sketch on Saturday Night Live
2	been a sketch on Saturday Night Live
2	a sketch on Saturday Night Live
2	a sketch
2	on Saturday Night Live
2	Saturday Night Live
2	Night Live
2	Yet another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a ca n't - miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong .
0	another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a ca n't - miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong .
0	another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a ca n't -
1	another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a ca n't
1	another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters
1	another self-consciously overwritten story
1	self-consciously overwritten story
2	self-consciously overwritten
1	about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters
1	a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters
2	a rag-tag bunch
1	rag-tag bunch
1	of would-be characters
1	would-be characters
2	that team up for a ca n't
3	that team up for a
2	that team
2	up for a
2	for a
2	ca n't
2	miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong .
1	miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong
2	miss heist --
2	miss heist
2	only to have it all go wrong
1	to have it all go wrong
1	have it all go wrong
1	it all go wrong
1	all go wrong
1	go wrong
0	Koepp 's screenplay is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
2	Koepp 's screenplay
2	Koepp 's
1	is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
1	is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own
1	is n't
1	nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own
2	nearly surprising or
2	nearly surprising
3	clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own
3	clever enough
2	to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own
3	sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own
3	sustain a reasonable degree of suspense
3	a reasonable degree of suspense
3	a reasonable degree
2	reasonable degree
2	of suspense
2	on its own
3	its own
1	Is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?
2	Is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets
2	Is it
1	really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets
2	really an advantage
3	an advantage
1	to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets
1	invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets
2	invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear
2	invest such subtlety and warmth
3	such subtlety and warmth
3	subtlety and warmth
2	subtlety and
2	in an animatronic bear
2	an animatronic bear
2	animatronic bear
2	when the humans are acting like puppets
1	the humans are acting like puppets
2	the humans
1	are acting like puppets
1	acting like puppets
2	like puppets
1	More successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
3	More successful
2	at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
2	relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
2	relating history
3	than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
3	in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
3	creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
4	an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
3	emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
3	emotionally complex
3	, dramatically satisfying heroine
4	dramatically satisfying heroine
4	dramatically satisfying
0	Clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
1	, obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
0	obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
0	, preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
0	preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
1	, the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
1	the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
2	the movie
1	will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
1	will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades
3	will likely
1	set the cause of woman warriors back decades
2	set the cause of woman warriors
2	the cause of woman warriors
2	the cause
2	of woman warriors
2	woman warriors
2	back decades
1	It 's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss .
1	's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss .
1	's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss
1	hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss
1	to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss
2	pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss
2	the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss
2	the ` plain ' girl
2	` plain ' girl
2	plain ' girl
2	' girl
2	who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss
2	becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss
2	becomes a ravishing waif
2	a ravishing waif
1	ravishing waif
2	after applying a smear of lip-gloss
2	applying a smear of lip-gloss
2	a smear of lip-gloss
1	a smear
2	of lip-gloss
0	Rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
0	, pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
0	pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
0	pity anyone who sees this
2	pity anyone
2	who sees this
2	sees this
1	mishmash .
0	A banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .
0	A banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy
0	A banal , virulently unpleasant excuse
0	banal , virulently unpleasant excuse
0	, virulently unpleasant excuse
1	virulently unpleasant excuse
1	unpleasant excuse
2	for a romantic comedy
3	a romantic comedy
2	romantic comedy
1	The drama discloses almost nothing .
2	The drama
1	discloses almost nothing .
1	discloses almost nothing
2	almost nothing
1	A minor-league soccer remake of The Longest Yard .
2	A minor-league soccer remake of The Longest Yard
1	A minor-league soccer remake
1	minor-league soccer remake
2	soccer remake
2	of The Longest Yard
2	The Longest Yard
2	Longest Yard
1	Belongs in the too-hot-for-TV direct-to-video\/DVD category , and this is why I have given it a one-star rating .
2	Belongs in the too-hot-for-TV direct-to-video\/DVD category , and this
2	in the too-hot-for-TV direct-to-video\/DVD category , and this
2	the too-hot-for-TV direct-to-video\/DVD category , and this
1	the too-hot-for-TV direct-to-video\/DVD category , and
1	the too-hot-for-TV direct-to-video\/DVD category ,
2	the too-hot-for-TV direct-to-video\/DVD category
1	too-hot-for-TV direct-to-video\/DVD category
1	direct-to-video\/DVD category
0	is why I have given it a one-star rating .
0	is why I have given it a one-star rating
0	why I have given it a one-star rating
1	I have given it a one-star rating
0	have given it a one-star rating
0	given it a one-star rating
2	given it
0	a one-star rating
0	one-star rating
1	As earnest as a community-college advertisement , American Chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .
1	As earnest as a community-college advertisement
1	earnest as a community-college advertisement
2	as a community-college advertisement
1	a community-college advertisement
1	community-college advertisement
0	, American Chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .
2	American Chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .
2	American Chai
1	is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .
2	is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school
3	enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school
2	to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school
1	make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school
1	you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school
2	put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school
1	put away the guitar , sell the amp , and
1	put away the guitar , sell the amp ,
2	put away the guitar , sell the amp
3	put away the guitar ,
2	put away the guitar
1	put away
2	the guitar
2	sell the amp
2	the amp
2	apply to medical school
2	to medical school
2	medical school
0	A dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the Animal Planet documentary series , Crocodile Hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .
0	A dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the Animal Planet documentary series , Crocodile Hunter
0	A dim-witted and lazy spin-off
0	dim-witted and lazy spin-off
1	dim-witted and lazy
1	dim-witted and
2	of the Animal Planet documentary series , Crocodile Hunter
2	the Animal Planet documentary series , Crocodile Hunter
2	the Animal Planet documentary series ,
2	the Animal Planet documentary series
2	Animal Planet documentary series
2	Planet documentary series
2	documentary series
2	Crocodile Hunter
0	is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .
3	is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring
1	entertainment opportunism at its most glaring
2	entertainment opportunism
2	at its most glaring
1	its most glaring
2	most glaring
2	There is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down .
1	is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down .
2	is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down
2	is more than one joke about
2	more than one joke about
2	more than one joke
2	more than one
2	than one
2	putting the toilet seat down
1	putting the toilet seat
2	the toilet seat
2	toilet seat
2	And that should tell you everything you need to know about All the Queen 's Men .
2	that should tell you everything you need to know about All the Queen 's Men .
2	should tell you everything you need to know about All the Queen 's Men .
2	should tell you everything you need to know about All the Queen 's Men
2	tell you everything you need to know about All the Queen 's Men
3	tell you
2	everything you need to know about All the Queen 's Men
2	you need to know about All the Queen 's Men
2	need to know about All the Queen 's Men
2	to know about All the Queen 's Men
2	know about All the Queen 's Men
2	about All the Queen 's Men
2	All the Queen 's Men
2	the Queen 's Men
2	the Queen 's
2	Queen 's
1	Even fans of Ismail Merchant 's work , I suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .
2	Even fans of Ismail Merchant 's work
2	Even fans
2	of Ismail Merchant 's work
2	Ismail Merchant 's work
2	Ismail Merchant 's
2	Merchant 's
1	, I suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .
2	, I suspect ,
2	I suspect ,
2	I suspect
1	would have a hard time sitting through this one .
0	would have a hard time sitting through this one
0	have a hard time sitting through this one
1	a hard time sitting through this one
1	a hard time
1	hard time
1	sitting through this one
2	through this one
2	this one
2	It 's really just another silly Hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows .
0	's really just another silly Hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows .
1	's really just another silly Hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows
2	's really
0	just another silly Hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows
0	another silly Hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows
1	another silly Hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded ,
3	another silly Hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded
2	another silly Hollywood action film ,
2	another silly Hollywood action film
1	silly Hollywood action film
2	Hollywood action film
2	action film
1	one among a multitude of simple-minded
2	among a multitude of simple-minded
1	a multitude of simple-minded
2	a multitude
1	of simple-minded
1	yahoo-ing death shows
2	death shows
2	It 's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one .
1	It 's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one
1	It 's not a particularly good film , but
1	It 's not a particularly good film ,
1	It 's not a particularly good film
0	's not a particularly good film
2	's not
4	a particularly good film
4	particularly good film
4	particularly good
2	neither is it a monsterous one
1	is it a monsterous one
2	it a monsterous one
1	a monsterous one
2	a monsterous
4	The world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like Martin Scorsese .
2	The world
3	needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like Martin Scorsese .
3	needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like Martin Scorsese
2	needs more filmmakers
2	more filmmakers
3	with passionate enthusiasms like Martin Scorsese
3	passionate enthusiasms like Martin Scorsese
3	passionate enthusiasms
2	like Martin Scorsese
2	Martin Scorsese
2	But it does n't need Gangs of New York .
2	it does n't need Gangs of New York .
2	does n't need Gangs of New York .
1	does n't need Gangs of New York
1	does n't
2	need Gangs of New York
2	Gangs of New York
2	of New York
2	New York
2	Enchanted with low-life tragedy and liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts ... What is sorely missing , however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with Cage 's best acting .
2	Enchanted with low-life tragedy and liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts ... What is sorely missing , however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with Cage 's best acting
2	Enchanted with low-life tragedy and liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts ...
2	Enchanted with low-life tragedy and liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts
2	Enchanted with low-life tragedy and
2	Enchanted with low-life tragedy
2	with low-life tragedy
1	low-life tragedy
3	liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts
2	liberally seasoned
2	with emotional outbursts
2	emotional outbursts
1	What is sorely missing , however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with Cage 's best acting
1	What is sorely missing
1	is sorely missing
2	is sorely
3	, however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with Cage 's best acting
2	however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with Cage 's best acting
3	, is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with Cage 's best acting
3	is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with Cage 's best acting
2	is the edge of wild , lunatic invention
3	the edge of wild , lunatic invention
3	the edge
2	of wild , lunatic invention
1	wild , lunatic invention
2	, lunatic invention
2	lunatic invention
3	that we associate with Cage 's best acting
3	we associate with Cage 's best acting
3	associate with Cage 's best acting
3	with Cage 's best acting
4	Cage 's best acting
2	Cage 's
3	best acting
2	Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate .
1	Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate
1	Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is deja vu all over again , and
1	Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is deja vu all over again ,
1	Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is deja vu all over again
2	Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
2	Harry Potter and
2	Harry Potter
2	the Chamber of Secrets
2	the Chamber
2	of Secrets
1	is deja vu all over again
2	is deja vu
2	deja vu
2	all over again
2	over again
2	while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate
1	while that is a cliche
1	that is a cliche
1	is a cliche
2	a cliche
2	, nothing could be more appropriate
3	nothing could be more appropriate
1	could be more appropriate
2	be more appropriate
3	more appropriate
2	It 's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you 'll likely think of this one .
2	's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you 'll likely think of this one .
2	's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you 'll likely think of this one
2	's likely
2	that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you 'll likely think of this one
1	whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you 'll likely think of this one
2	whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con --
2	you thought of the first production -- pro or con --
2	thought of the first production -- pro or con --
2	of the first production -- pro or con --
2	the first production -- pro or con --
2	the first production
2	first production
2	-- pro or con --
2	pro or con --
2	pro or con
2	pro or
2	you 'll likely think of this one
2	'll likely think of this one
2	'll likely
2	think of this one
2	of this one
2	this one
0	Sade achieves the near-impossible : It turns the Marquis de Sade into a dullard .
1	Sade achieves the near-impossible : It turns the Marquis de Sade into a dullard
3	Sade achieves the near-impossible :
3	Sade achieves the near-impossible
4	achieves the near-impossible
2	the near-impossible
2	It turns the Marquis de Sade into a dullard
1	turns the Marquis de Sade into a dullard
2	turns the Marquis de Sade
2	the Marquis de Sade
2	Marquis de Sade
2	de Sade
1	into a dullard
1	a dullard
1	-LRB- Lin Chung 's -RRB- voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating -LRB- at least to this Western ear -RRB- , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
2	-LRB- Lin Chung 's -RRB- voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating -LRB- at least to this Western ear -RRB- , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters
1	-LRB- Lin Chung 's -RRB- voice is rather unexceptional , even
1	-LRB- Lin Chung 's -RRB- voice is rather unexceptional ,
1	-LRB- Lin Chung 's -RRB- voice is rather unexceptional
2	Lin Chung 's -RRB- voice is rather unexceptional
2	Lin Chung 's
2	Chung 's
2	-RRB- voice is rather unexceptional
1	voice is rather unexceptional
1	is rather unexceptional
1	rather unexceptional
1	irritating -LRB- at least to this Western ear -RRB- , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters
0	irritating -LRB- at least to this Western ear -RRB- ,
1	irritating -LRB- at least to this Western ear -RRB-
2	-LRB- at least to this Western ear -RRB-
2	at least to this Western ear -RRB-
2	at least to this Western ear
2	at least
2	to this Western ear
2	this Western ear
2	Western ear
1	making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters
1	it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters
1	awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters
1	awfully hard
2	to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters
2	buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters
2	buy the impetus
2	the impetus
3	for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters
2	the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters
2	the complicated love triangle
2	complicated love triangle
2	love triangle
2	that develops between the three central characters
2	develops between the three central characters
2	between the three central characters
2	the three central characters
2	three central characters
2	central characters
1	One of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies I 've ever seen .
0	One of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies I
0	of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies I
1	the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies I
1	most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies I
1	most plain , unimaginative
1	plain , unimaginative
0	, unimaginative
2	romantic comedies I
2	comedies I
2	've ever seen .
2	've ever seen
2	've ever
1	Though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish .
3	Though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction
3	there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction
3	's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction
3	's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness
3	a clarity of purpose and even-handedness
2	a clarity
3	of purpose and even-handedness
3	purpose and even-handedness
2	purpose and
2	to the film 's direction
2	the film 's direction
2	the film 's
2	film 's
0	, the drama feels rigged and sluggish .
2	the drama feels rigged and sluggish .
2	the drama
1	feels rigged and sluggish .
0	feels rigged and sluggish
1	rigged and sluggish
2	rigged and
0	Unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
1	, the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
1	the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
2	the experience of actually watching the movie
2	the experience
2	of actually watching the movie
2	actually watching the movie
2	watching the movie
2	the movie
1	is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
1	is less compelling than the circumstances of its making
1	less compelling than the circumstances of its making
2	compelling than the circumstances of its making
2	than the circumstances of its making
2	the circumstances of its making
2	the circumstances
2	of its making
2	its making
1	Unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , Impostor is opening today at a theater near you .
0	Unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction
1	there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction
1	are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction
0	zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction
2	zoning ordinances
1	to protect your community from the dullest science fiction
2	protect your community from the dullest science fiction
3	protect your community
2	your community
0	from the dullest science fiction
1	the dullest science fiction
0	dullest science fiction
2	science fiction
2	, Impostor is opening today at a theater near you .
2	Impostor is opening today at a theater near you .
2	is opening today at a theater near you .
2	is opening today at a theater near you
2	opening today at a theater near you
2	opening today
2	at a theater near you
2	a theater near you
2	a theater
2	near you
0	It should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .
1	should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .
1	should be doing a lot of things , but does n't
2	be doing a lot of things , but does n't
2	doing a lot of things , but does n't
2	a lot of things , but does n't
2	a lot
2	of things , but does n't
2	things , but does n't
2	things ,
2	but does n't
1	does n't
1	Chen films the resolutely downbeat Smokers Only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book .
1	Chen films the resolutely downbeat Smokers Only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book
2	Chen films
1	the resolutely downbeat Smokers Only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book
2	the resolutely downbeat Smokers Only
2	resolutely downbeat Smokers Only
1	resolutely downbeat
1	Smokers Only
2	with every indulgent , indie trick in the book
1	every indulgent , indie trick in the book
1	every indulgent , indie trick
2	indulgent , indie trick
1	, indie trick
2	indie trick
2	in the book
2	the book
1	... a rather bland affair .
1	a rather bland affair .
1	a rather bland
1	rather bland
2	affair .
2	Far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love .
0	Far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive
1	Far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and
0	Far-fetched premise , convoluted plot ,
1	Far-fetched premise , convoluted plot
1	Far-fetched premise ,
1	Far-fetched premise
1	convoluted plot
2	thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive
1	thematic mumbo jumbo
1	mumbo jumbo
2	about destiny and redemptive
2	destiny and redemptive
2	destiny and
3	love .
2	The movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy .
2	The movie
1	tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy .
1	tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy
1	tries to be ethereal , but
2	tries to be ethereal ,
2	tries to be ethereal
2	to be ethereal
3	be ethereal
1	ends up seeming goofy
2	ends up
2	seeming goofy
2	I was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither .
0	I was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither
1	I was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but
2	I was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun ,
2	I was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun
2	was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun
3	hoping that it would be sleazy and fun
2	that it would be sleazy and fun
3	it would be sleazy and fun
2	would be sleazy and fun
2	be sleazy and fun
3	sleazy and fun
1	sleazy and
2	it was neither
2	was neither
2	Harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden .
1	is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden .
1	is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden
2	is supposed to be the star of the story , but
2	is supposed to be the star of the story ,
2	is supposed to be the star of the story
2	supposed to be the star of the story
2	to be the star of the story
2	be the star of the story
2	the star of the story
2	the star
2	of the story
2	the story
0	comes across as pretty dull and wooden
2	comes across
1	as pretty dull and wooden
1	pretty dull and wooden
0	dull and wooden
1	dull and
0	Soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , XXX achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .
2	Soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , XXX
0	Soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless ,
0	Soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless
1	Soulless and -- even more damning --
1	Soulless and
1	-- even more damning --
1	even more damning --
2	more damning --
3	more damning
0	virtually joyless
2	achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .
1	achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence
0	near virtuosity in its crapulence
2	near virtuosity
0	in its crapulence
1	its crapulence
1	A boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even Kingsley , are made to look bad .
2	A boring
1	masquerade ball where normally good actors , even Kingsley , are made to look bad .
1	masquerade ball where normally good actors , even Kingsley , are made to look bad
2	masquerade ball
1	where normally good actors , even Kingsley , are made to look bad
1	normally good actors , even Kingsley , are made to look bad
1	good actors , even Kingsley , are made to look bad
3	good actors , even Kingsley ,
3	good actors , even Kingsley
3	good actors ,
3	good actors
2	even Kingsley
2	are made to look bad
1	made to look bad
2	to look bad
1	look bad
0	All the Queen 's Men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers .
2	All the Queen 's Men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels
2	All the Queen 's Men
2	the Queen 's Men
2	the Queen 's
2	Queen 's
0	is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels
2	a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels
3	a throwback war movie
2	throwback war movie
2	war movie
0	that fails on so many levels
0	fails on so many levels
2	on so many levels
2	so many levels
2	so many
0	, it should pay reparations to viewers .
0	it should pay reparations to viewers .
1	should pay reparations to viewers .
1	should pay reparations to viewers
0	pay reparations to viewers
2	pay reparations
2	to viewers
1	The filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .
2	The filmmakers
0	keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .
1	keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart
1	pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart
1	pushing the jokes at the expense of character
2	pushing the jokes
2	the jokes
1	at the expense of character
2	the expense of character
2	the expense
2	of character
1	until things fall apart
1	things fall apart
1	fall apart
1	Rather than real figures , Elling and Kjell Bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world .
1	Rather than real figures
2	than real figures
2	real figures
2	, Elling and Kjell Bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world .
1	Elling and Kjell Bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world .
2	Elling and Kjell Bjarne
2	and Kjell Bjarne
2	Kjell Bjarne
2	become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world .
2	become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world
2	symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world
3	symbolic characters
2	whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world
2	actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world
2	are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world
2	supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world
2	to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world
2	relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world
2	relate something about the naïf 's encounter
2	something about the naïf 's encounter
2	about the naïf 's encounter
2	the naïf 's encounter
2	the naïf 's
2	naïf 's
2	with the world
2	the world
3	Mariah Carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in Glitter here in Wisegirls .
2	Mariah Carey
3	gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in Glitter here in Wisegirls .
3	gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in Glitter here in Wisegirls
2	gives us
3	another peek at some of the magic we saw in Glitter here in Wisegirls
2	another peek
2	at some of the magic we saw in Glitter here in Wisegirls
3	some of the magic we saw in Glitter here in Wisegirls
2	of the magic we saw in Glitter here in Wisegirls
2	the magic we saw in Glitter here in Wisegirls
2	the magic
2	we saw in Glitter here in Wisegirls
2	saw in Glitter here in Wisegirls
2	saw in Glitter
2	in Glitter
2	here in Wisegirls
2	in Wisegirls
1	It 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it .
1	It 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it
2	It 's all arty and jazzy and
3	It 's all arty and jazzy
2	's all arty and jazzy
3	all arty and jazzy
3	arty and jazzy
3	arty and
1	people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it
1	sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it
1	sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and
1	sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking
2	sit and stare and
2	sit and stare
2	sit and
1	turn away from one another instead of talking
1	turn away from one
2	turn away
2	from one
2	another instead of talking
2	instead of talking
2	of talking
2	it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it
2	it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that
2	it 's all about the silences and
2	it 's all about the silences
2	's all about the silences
2	all about the silences
2	about the silences
2	the silences
2	if you 're into that
2	you 're into that
2	're into that
2	into that
2	, have at it
3	have at it
2	at it
1	I suspect that you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it .
0	suspect that you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it .
0	suspect that you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it
1	that you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it
0	you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it
0	'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it
1	be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it
1	be as bored watching Morvern Callar
1	be as bored
0	as bored
2	watching Morvern Callar
2	Morvern Callar
2	as the characters are in it
2	the characters are in it
2	the characters
2	are in it
2	in it
0	If you go , pack your knitting needles .
2	If you go
2	you go
2	, pack your knitting needles .
0	pack your knitting needles .
0	pack your knitting needles
2	your knitting needles
2	knitting needles
0	The lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
2	The lead actors
2	lead actors
1	share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
0	share no chemistry or engaging charisma
0	no chemistry or engaging charisma
1	no chemistry or
1	no chemistry
3	engaging charisma
1	We do n't even like their characters .
1	do n't even like their characters .
1	do n't even like their characters
2	do n't even
2	do n't
3	like their characters
2	their characters
0	Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that I ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .
1	Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that I ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck
1	Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude ,
3	Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude
2	Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but ,
2	Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but
1	Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something ,
1	Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something
2	Some writer dude ,
2	Some writer dude
2	Some writer
2	I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something
2	think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something
2	his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something
2	his name
1	was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something
2	was , uh ,
2	was , uh
2	was ,
1	Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something
2	Michael Zaidan ,
2	Michael Zaidan
2	was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something
2	supposed to have like written the screenplay or something
2	to have like written the screenplay or something
2	have like written the screenplay or something
2	like written the screenplay or something
2	written the screenplay or something
3	the screenplay or something
2	screenplay or something
3	screenplay or
2	the only thing that I ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck
2	the only thing that I ever saw that was written down
2	the only thing
2	only thing
2	that I ever saw that was written down
2	I ever saw that was written down
2	ever saw that was written down
1	saw that was written down
1	that was written down
2	was written down
2	written down
2	were the zeroes on my paycheck
2	the zeroes on my paycheck
2	the zeroes
2	on my paycheck
2	my paycheck
1	The movie does n't generate a lot of energy .
2	The movie
1	does n't generate a lot of energy .
1	does n't generate a lot of energy
1	does n't
4	generate a lot of energy
3	a lot of energy
2	a lot
2	of energy
0	It is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .
1	is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .
0	is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously
1	is dark , brooding and slow , and
1	is dark , brooding and slow ,
1	is dark , brooding and slow
2	dark , brooding and slow
1	, brooding and slow
1	brooding and slow
2	brooding and
1	takes its central idea way too seriously
2	takes its central idea way
2	its central idea way
2	central idea way
2	idea way
2	too seriously
1	This feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
2	This feature
1	is about as necessary as a hole in the head
2	is about as necessary
2	about as necessary
2	as necessary
1	as a hole in the head
1	a hole in the head
2	a hole
2	in the head
2	the head
1	Spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .
0	will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .
1	will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning
2	will indeed
1	sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning
0	open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning
2	open-mouthed before the screen , not
2	open-mouthed before the screen ,
2	open-mouthed before the screen
2	before the screen
2	the screen
1	screaming but yawning
2	screaming but
1	It feels like very light Errol Morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .
1	feels like very light Errol Morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .
1	feels like very light Errol Morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs
2	feels like very light Errol Morris ,
3	feels like very light Errol Morris
2	like very light Errol Morris
2	very light Errol Morris
3	very light
2	Errol Morris
1	focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs
2	focusing on eccentricity but
2	focusing on eccentricity
2	on eccentricity
1	failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs
0	failing , ultimately ,
0	failing , ultimately
1	failing ,
2	to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs
2	make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs
2	make something bigger out
2	make something bigger
2	something bigger
2	of its scrapbook of oddballs
1	its scrapbook of oddballs
2	its scrapbook
2	of oddballs
0	A period story about a Catholic boy who tries to help a Jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .
2	A period story about a Catholic boy who tries to help a Jewish friend
2	A period story
2	period story
2	about a Catholic boy who tries to help a Jewish friend
2	a Catholic boy who tries to help a Jewish friend
2	a Catholic boy
2	Catholic boy
2	who tries to help a Jewish friend
2	tries to help a Jewish friend
2	to help a Jewish friend
2	help a Jewish friend
2	a Jewish friend
2	Jewish friend
2	get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .
1	get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell
3	get into heaven
3	into heaven
1	by sending the audience straight to hell
0	sending the audience straight to hell
3	sending the audience
2	the audience
2	straight to hell
1	to hell
0	The premise itself is just SOOOOO tired .
2	The premise
0	itself is just SOOOOO tired .
1	is just SOOOOO tired .
0	is just SOOOOO tired
2	is just
1	SOOOOO tired
0	Pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess .
0	Pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess
1	Pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and
0	Pair that with really poor comedic writing ...
1	Pair that with really poor comedic writing
0	that with really poor comedic writing
1	with really poor comedic writing
1	really poor comedic writing
1	really poor
3	comedic writing
1	you 've got a huge mess
1	've got a huge mess
2	got a huge mess
0	a huge mess
0	huge mess
1	Proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .
1	Proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness
1	a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness
3	a lovely trifle
4	lovely trifle
2	that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness
1	, unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness
0	unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness
2	, is a little too in love with its own cuteness
1	is a little too in love with its own cuteness
1	is a little too in love
2	a little too in love
2	a little too
2	a little
2	in love
3	with its own cuteness
3	its own cuteness
3	own cuteness
1	Did we really need a remake of `` Charade ? ''
1	Did we really need a remake of `` Charade ?
1	Did we really need a remake of `` Charade
2	Did we
3	really need a remake of `` Charade
2	need a remake of `` Charade
2	a remake of `` Charade
2	a remake
2	of `` Charade
2	of ``
2	Some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff .
2	Some movies
1	can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff .
2	can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff
1	get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff
2	by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff
3	without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff
3	being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff
3	being funny
2	simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff
2	by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff
2	structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff
2	structuring the scenes
2	the scenes
3	as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff
2	if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff
3	they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff
2	were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff
3	jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff
2	jokes :
2	a setup , delivery and payoff
2	setup , delivery and payoff
3	, delivery and payoff
2	delivery and payoff
2	delivery and
1	Stealing Harvard ca n't even do that much .
2	Stealing Harvard
1	ca n't even do that much .
1	ca n't even do that much
1	ca n't even
2	ca n't
2	do that much
2	that much
0	Each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
2	Each scene
0	immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
1	succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
1	succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth
1	succumbs to gravity and plummets
1	to gravity and plummets
2	gravity and plummets
2	gravity and
2	to earth
1	The only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game .
1	The only fun part of the movie
2	The only fun part
2	only fun part
3	fun part
2	of the movie
2	the movie
2	is playing the obvious game .
2	is playing the obvious game
1	playing the obvious game
2	the obvious game
2	obvious game
1	You try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
2	try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
1	try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored
1	to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored
2	guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored
2	the order in which the kids in the house will be gored
2	the order
1	in which the kids in the house will be gored
2	in which
2	the kids in the house will be gored
2	the kids in the house
2	the kids
2	in the house
2	the house
2	will be gored
2	be gored
1	I spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits
2	spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits
1	spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and
1	spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes
2	spied with my little eye ...
2	spied with my little eye
2	with my little eye
2	my little eye
2	little eye
0	a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes
2	a mediocre collection
2	mediocre collection
1	of cookie-cutter action scenes
1	cookie-cutter action scenes
3	action scenes
3	occasionally inspired dialogue bits
3	inspired dialogue bits
2	dialogue bits
1	Entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .
2	Entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
1	Entertains not so much
1	Entertains not
2	so much
1	because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
0	of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
2	of its music or comic antics
2	its music or comic antics
1	its music or
2	its music
2	comic antics
1	, but through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
2	, but
1	through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
1	the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
3	the perverse pleasure
2	perverse pleasure
2	of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
1	watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
0	Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
1	Disney scrape
2	the bottom of its own cracker barrel
2	the bottom
2	of its own cracker barrel
2	its own cracker barrel
2	own cracker barrel
2	cracker barrel
1	The satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .
2	The satire
1	is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .
3	is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying
2	is just too easy
2	is just
1	too easy
3	to be genuinely satisfying
3	be genuinely satisfying
4	genuinely satisfying
0	Less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .
0	Less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is
1	Less funny than it should be and
2	Less funny than it should be
1	Less funny
2	than it should be
2	it should be
2	should be
1	less funny than it thinks it is
1	less funny
2	than it thinks it is
2	it thinks it is
2	thinks it is
3	it is
2	an `` O Bruin , Where Art Thou ? ''
2	an `` O Bruin , Where Art Thou ?
2	an `` O Bruin , Where Art Thou
2	an `` O Bruin ,
2	an `` O Bruin
2	`` O Bruin
2	O Bruin
2	Where Art Thou
2	Art Thou
3	- style cross-country adventure ... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack .
2	- style cross-country adventure
2	style cross-country adventure
2	cross-country adventure
3	... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack .
2	it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack .
2	it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack
2	has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack
3	sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack
2	sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and
1	sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick
2	sporadic bursts of liveliness ,
2	sporadic bursts of liveliness
2	sporadic bursts
3	of liveliness
2	some so-so slapstick
1	so-so slapstick
3	a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack
3	a few ear-pleasing songs
2	few ear-pleasing songs
3	ear-pleasing songs
2	on its soundtrack
2	its soundtrack
1	A feeble Tootsie knockoff .
1	feeble Tootsie knockoff .
1	Tootsie knockoff .
1	knockoff .
0	An awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .
0	An awful movie that
0	An awful movie
0	awful movie
1	will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .
1	will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers
2	will only
2	satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers
2	the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers
2	the most emotionally malleable
2	most emotionally malleable
1	emotionally malleable
2	of filmgoers
0	... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
0	the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
2	the story
0	is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
0	is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid
0	far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid
1	far-flung , illogical , and
1	far-flung , illogical ,
1	far-flung , illogical
1	far-flung ,
2	plain stupid
0	The very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
2	The very simple story
2	very simple story
2	very simple
1	seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
1	seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary
1	too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary
1	too simple and
1	too simple
1	the working out of the plot almost arbitrary
2	the working out
3	the working
2	of the plot almost arbitrary
1	the plot almost arbitrary
2	the plot
2	almost arbitrary
1	An allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals African American professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .
2	An allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals African American professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message
2	An allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals African American professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but
3	An allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals African American professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing ,
3	An allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals African American professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing
3	An allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals African American professionals get about overachieving
2	An allegory
2	concerning the chronically mixed signals African American professionals get about overachieving
2	the chronically mixed signals African American professionals get about overachieving
2	the chronically mixed signals
1	chronically mixed signals
2	chronically mixed
2	African American professionals get about overachieving
3	African American professionals
2	American professionals
2	get about overachieving
2	about overachieving
3	could be intriguing
3	be intriguing
1	the supernatural trappings only obscure the message
2	the supernatural trappings
2	supernatural trappings
0	only obscure the message
1	obscure the message
2	the message
2	A very familiar tale , one that 's been told by countless filmmakers about Italian - , Chinese - , Irish - , Latin - , Indian - , Russian - and other hyphenate American young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages .
2	A very familiar tale , one that 's been told by countless filmmakers about Italian - , Chinese - , Irish - , Latin - , Indian - , Russian - and other hyphenate American young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages
2	A very familiar tale ,
2	A very familiar tale
2	very familiar tale
2	familiar tale
2	one that 's been told by countless filmmakers about Italian - , Chinese - , Irish - , Latin - , Indian - , Russian - and other hyphenate American young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages
2	one that 's been told by countless filmmakers about Italian - , Chinese - , Irish - , Latin - , Indian - , Russian - and
2	one that 's been told by countless filmmakers about Italian - , Chinese - , Irish - , Latin - , Indian - , Russian -
1	one that 's been told by countless filmmakers about Italian - , Chinese - , Irish - , Latin - , Indian - , Russian
2	one that 's been told by countless filmmakers about Italian - , Chinese - , Irish - , Latin - ,
3	one that 's been told by countless filmmakers about Italian - , Chinese - , Irish - , Latin -
2	one that 's been told by countless filmmakers
2	that 's been told by countless filmmakers
2	's been told by countless filmmakers
2	been told by countless filmmakers
1	told by countless filmmakers
2	by countless filmmakers
2	countless filmmakers
2	about Italian - , Chinese - , Irish - , Latin -
2	about Italian - , Chinese - , Irish - , Latin
2	about Italian - , Chinese - , Irish - ,
2	about Italian - , Chinese - , Irish -
2	about Italian
2	- , Chinese - , Irish -
2	, Chinese - , Irish -
2	, Chinese - , Irish
2	, Chinese
3	- , Irish
2	, Irish
2	Indian - , Russian
2	Indian - ,
2	Indian -
1	other hyphenate American young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages
2	other hyphenate American young men
2	hyphenate American young men
2	American young men
2	young men
1	struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages
2	to balance conflicting cultural messages
2	balance conflicting cultural messages
2	conflicting cultural messages
2	cultural messages
1	One key problem with these ardently Christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out .
1	One key problem with these ardently Christian storylines
2	One key problem
2	key problem
2	with these ardently Christian storylines
2	these ardently Christian storylines
2	ardently Christian storylines
2	Christian storylines
2	is that there is never any question of how things will turn out .
1	is that there is never any question of how things will turn out
2	that there is never any question of how things will turn out
2	there is never any question of how things will turn out
1	is never any question of how things will turn out
2	is never
2	any question of how things will turn out
2	any question
2	of how things will turn out
2	how things will turn out
3	things will turn out
3	will turn out
2	turn out
2	Essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
2	, the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
3	the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
2	the film
2	is weak on detail and strong on personality
3	weak on detail and strong on personality
1	weak on detail and
1	weak on detail
2	on detail
3	strong on personality
2	on personality
1	A relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty World War II action flick .
0	A relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty World War II action
2	relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty World War II action
1	, bombastic and ultimately empty World War II action
1	bombastic and ultimately empty World War II action
1	bombastic and ultimately empty
2	bombastic and
1	ultimately empty
2	World War II action
2	War II action
2	War II
2	flick .
0	-LRB- Hell is -RRB- looking down at your watch and realizing Serving Sara is n't even halfway through .
1	Hell is -RRB- looking down at your watch and realizing Serving Sara is n't even halfway through .
1	is -RRB- looking down at your watch and realizing Serving Sara is n't even halfway through .
1	is -RRB- looking down at your watch and realizing Serving Sara is n't even halfway through
2	is -RRB-
0	looking down at your watch and realizing Serving Sara is n't even halfway through
1	looking down at your watch and
2	looking down at your watch
2	looking down
2	at your watch
2	your watch
2	realizing Serving Sara is n't even halfway through
2	Serving Sara is n't even halfway through
2	Serving Sara
2	is n't even halfway through
1	is n't even halfway
1	is n't
2	even halfway
1	Too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
1	Too long , and larded with exposition
2	Too long
1	, and larded with exposition
3	, and
1	larded with exposition
2	with exposition
1	, this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
2	this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
2	this somber cop drama
2	somber cop drama
2	cop drama
1	ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
1	feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
1	feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community
2	as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community
0	flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community
1	as the scruffy sands of its titular community
1	the scruffy sands of its titular community
2	the scruffy sands
2	scruffy sands
2	of its titular community
2	its titular community
2	titular community
1	Leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .
1	viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .
1	viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances
1	viewers out in the cold and
1	viewers out in the cold
2	viewers out
2	in the cold
1	the cold
2	undermines some phenomenal performances
3	some phenomenal performances
4	phenomenal performances
2	... a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable .
2	a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable .
1	a ho-hum affair , always
1	a ho-hum affair ,
1	a ho-hum affair
1	ho-hum affair
1	watchable yet hardly memorable .
2	watchable yet hardly memorable
1	yet hardly memorable
1	hardly memorable
0	Swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress Andie MacDowell .
0	deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress Andie MacDowell .
0	deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress Andie MacDowell
0	into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress Andie MacDowell
0	a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress Andie MacDowell
1	a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project
0	terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project
0	terribly obvious
1	melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project
1	and rough-hewn vanity project
1	rough-hewn vanity project
1	vanity project
2	for lead actress Andie MacDowell
3	lead actress Andie MacDowell
2	actress Andie MacDowell
3	Andie MacDowell
1	The histrionic muse still eludes Madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch .
1	The histrionic muse still eludes Madonna and , playing a charmless witch
1	The histrionic muse
2	histrionic muse
1	still eludes Madonna and , playing a charmless witch
3	eludes Madonna and , playing a charmless witch
2	eludes Madonna and ,
2	eludes Madonna and
2	eludes Madonna
2	playing a charmless witch
2	a charmless witch
1	charmless witch
1	, she is merely a charmless witch .
1	she is merely a charmless witch .
1	is merely a charmless witch .
1	is merely a charmless witch
2	is merely
2	a charmless witch
1	charmless witch
0	You have no affinity for most of the characters .
1	have no affinity for most of the characters .
1	have no affinity for most of the characters
1	no affinity for most of the characters
1	no affinity
3	for most of the characters
2	most of the characters
2	of the characters
2	the characters
1	Nothing about them is attractive .
2	Nothing about them
2	about them
3	is attractive .
3	is attractive
1	What they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .
2	What they see in each other
2	they see in each other
2	see in each other
2	in each other
2	each other
1	also is difficult to fathom .
1	is difficult to fathom .
1	is difficult to fathom
1	difficult to fathom
2	to fathom
3	Diaz , Applegate , Blair and Posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused .
2	Diaz , Applegate , Blair and Posey
2	, Applegate , Blair and Posey
2	Applegate , Blair and Posey
2	, Blair and Posey
2	Blair and Posey
2	Blair and
2	are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused .
2	are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused
3	suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused
3	suitably kooky which should appeal to women and
3	suitably kooky which should appeal to women
3	kooky which should appeal to women
3	which should appeal to women
3	should appeal to women
3	appeal to women
2	to women
1	they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused
2	they strip down often enough to keep men
2	strip down often enough to keep men
2	strip down
2	often enough to keep men
3	enough to keep men
2	to keep men
2	keep men
2	alert , if not amused
3	alert , if not
2	alert ,
2	if not
2	A technically well-made suspenser ... but its abrupt drop in IQ points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .
4	A technically well-made suspenser
3	technically well-made suspenser
3	technically well-made
1	... but its abrupt drop in IQ points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .
0	but its abrupt drop in IQ points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .
1	but its abrupt drop in IQ points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide
0	its abrupt drop in IQ points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide
1	its abrupt drop in IQ
1	its abrupt drop
1	abrupt drop
2	in IQ
1	points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide
1	as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide
1	it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide
4	it races to the finish line
3	it races
3	to the finish line
3	the finish line
2	finish line
0	proves simply too discouraging to let slide
1	simply too discouraging to let slide
1	too discouraging to let slide
2	discouraging to let slide
2	to let slide
2	let slide
0	An inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .
0	An inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures
1	An inept , tedious spoof of '70s
0	An inept , tedious spoof
2	inept , tedious spoof
0	inept , tedious
1	, tedious
2	of '70s
2	kung fu pictures
2	fu pictures
1	, it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .
1	it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .
1	contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .
2	contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more
1	almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more
1	almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and
2	almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch ,
2	almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch
1	enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch
2	chuckles for a three-minute sketch
2	for a three-minute sketch
2	a three-minute sketch
2	three-minute sketch
1	no more
1	It 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
1	's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
1	's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition
0	a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition
2	a mystery
0	how the movie could be released in this condition
3	the movie could be released in this condition
2	the movie
2	could be released in this condition
2	be released in this condition
2	released in this condition
2	in this condition
2	this condition
2	Absolutely -LRB- and unintentionally -RRB- terrifying .
1	-LRB- and unintentionally -RRB- terrifying .
2	-LRB- and unintentionally -RRB-
1	-LRB- and unintentionally
2	-LRB- and
2	terrifying .
2	Eckstraordinarily lame and Severely boring .
0	Eckstraordinarily lame and Severely
1	lame and Severely
1	lame and
2	boring .
1	Eight Legged Freaks falls flat as a spoof .
2	Eight Legged Freaks
1	Legged Freaks
1	falls flat as a spoof .
0	falls flat as a spoof
1	flat as a spoof
2	as a spoof
2	a spoof
1	No matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a Michael Jackson sort of way .
2	No matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus
1	matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus
0	how much he runs around and acts like a doofus
2	how much
0	he runs around and acts like a doofus
1	runs around and acts like a doofus
3	runs around and
2	runs around
1	acts like a doofus
2	like a doofus
2	a doofus
1	, accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a Michael Jackson sort of way .
1	accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a Michael Jackson sort of way .
2	accepting a 50-year-old in the role
2	accepting a 50-year-old
2	a 50-year-old
2	in the role
2	the role
2	is creepy in a Michael Jackson sort of way .
1	is creepy in a Michael Jackson sort of way
1	is creepy
2	in a Michael Jackson sort of way
2	a Michael Jackson sort of way
2	a Michael Jackson sort
2	Michael Jackson sort
2	Jackson sort
2	of way
0	You 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why Lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
2	'll just have your head in your hands wondering why Lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
0	'll just have your head in your hands wondering why Lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery
2	'll just
2	have your head in your hands wondering why Lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery
2	have your head in your hands
2	have your head
2	your head
2	in your hands
2	your hands
3	wondering why Lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery
1	why Lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery
1	Lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery
2	Lee 's character
2	Lee 's
1	did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery
2	did n't just
2	did n't
1	go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery
2	go to a bank manager and
2	go to a bank manager
2	to a bank manager
2	a bank manager
2	bank manager
0	save everyone the misery
2	save everyone
1	the misery
1	` Dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
1	Dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
1	' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
0	dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
1	dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue
1	on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue
2	crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue
0	crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and
2	crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality ,
0	crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality
2	crossing-over mumbo jumbo ,
1	crossing-over mumbo jumbo
1	mumbo jumbo
2	manipulative sentimentality
1	sappy dialogue
2	In his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , Silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .
3	In his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter
2	his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter
2	determination to lighten the heavy subject matter
2	to lighten the heavy subject matter
2	lighten the heavy subject matter
2	the heavy subject matter
2	heavy subject matter
2	subject matter
1	, Silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .
1	Silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .
2	Silberling also , to a certain extent
2	Silberling also ,
2	Silberling also
2	to a certain extent
2	a certain extent
2	certain extent
1	, trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .
1	trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .
2	trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls
1	trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and
1	trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags
2	trivializes the movie
2	the movie
2	with too many nervous gags
1	too many nervous gags
1	too many
1	nervous gags
2	Blade II has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation .
3	Blade II has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation
2	Blade II has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but
4	Blade II has a brilliant director and charismatic star ,
4	Blade II has a brilliant director and charismatic star
2	Blade II
3	has a brilliant director and charismatic star
4	a brilliant director and charismatic star
4	a brilliant director and
3	a brilliant director
4	brilliant director
3	charismatic star
1	it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation
2	suffers from rampant vampire devaluation
2	from rampant vampire devaluation
1	rampant vampire devaluation
2	vampire devaluation
2	Veers uncomfortably close to pro-Serb propaganda .
1	uncomfortably close to pro-Serb propaganda .
1	close to pro-Serb propaganda .
2	close to pro-Serb propaganda
2	to pro-Serb propaganda
3	pro-Serb propaganda
0	Movies like High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .
0	like High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .
1	like High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation
1	High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation
2	High Crimes
1	flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation
2	flog the dead horse of surprise
1	the dead horse of surprise
1	the dead horse
2	dead horse
2	of surprise
1	as if it were an obligation
2	if it were an obligation
2	it were an obligation
1	were an obligation
2	an obligation
0	How about surprising us by trying something new ?
2	about surprising us by trying something new ?
3	about surprising us by trying something new
2	about surprising us
2	about surprising
2	by trying something new
2	trying something new
3	something new
0	Final verdict : You 've seen it all before .
2	Final verdict : You 've seen it all before
2	Final verdict :
3	Final verdict
1	You 've seen it all before
1	've seen it all before
1	seen it all before
2	seen it
2	all before
1	Throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , Windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material .
2	Throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth
2	in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth
1	everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth
2	everything except someone
2	except someone
2	pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth
2	pulling the pin
2	the pin
2	from a grenade with his teeth
1	a grenade with his teeth
1	a grenade
2	with his teeth
2	his teeth
0	, Windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material .
1	Windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material .
0	seems to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material .
0	seems to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material
1	to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material
1	have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material
1	ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material
2	every old World War II movie for overly familiar material
2	every old World War II movie
2	old World War II movie
2	old World War II
3	old World War
2	old World
2	for overly familiar material
2	overly familiar material
1	overly familiar
2	If A Few Good Men told us that we `` ca n't handle the truth '' than High Crimes poetically states at one point in this movie that we `` do n't care about the truth . ''
2	If A Few Good Men told us that we `` ca n't handle the truth '' than High Crimes
2	A Few Good Men told us that we `` ca n't handle the truth '' than High Crimes
2	A Few Good Men
2	Few Good Men
2	Good Men
2	told us that we `` ca n't handle the truth '' than High Crimes
3	told us
2	that we `` ca n't handle the truth '' than High Crimes
2	we `` ca n't handle the truth '' than High Crimes
2	`` ca n't handle the truth '' than High Crimes
2	ca n't handle the truth '' than High Crimes
2	ca n't
2	handle the truth '' than High Crimes
2	handle the truth ''
2	handle the truth
2	the truth
2	than High Crimes
2	High Crimes
2	poetically states at one point in this movie that we `` do n't care about the truth . ''
1	poetically states at one point in this movie that we `` do n't care about the truth .
2	poetically states at one point in this movie that we `` do n't care about the truth
2	states at one point in this movie that we `` do n't care about the truth
2	states at one point in this movie
2	at one point in this movie
2	one point in this movie
2	one point
2	in this movie
2	this movie
2	that we `` do n't care about the truth
1	we `` do n't care about the truth
2	`` do n't care about the truth
1	do n't care about the truth
2	do n't
3	care about the truth
2	about the truth
2	the truth
0	Further sad evidence that Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .
0	Further sad evidence that Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap
2	Further sad evidence that Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony --
0	Further sad evidence that Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony
1	Further sad evidence
2	sad evidence
1	that Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony
1	Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony
2	Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run ,
3	Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run
2	Tom Tykwer ,
2	Tom Tykwer
2	director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run
2	of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run
2	the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run
2	the resonant and
2	the resonant
2	sense-spinning Run Lola Run
2	Run Lola Run
2	Lola Run
1	has turned out to be a one-trick pony
1	turned out to be a one-trick pony
2	turned out
1	to be a one-trick pony
1	be a one-trick pony
1	a one-trick pony
1	one-trick pony
0	a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap
2	a maker
3	of softheaded metaphysical claptrap
1	softheaded metaphysical claptrap
1	metaphysical claptrap
0	You 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .
0	'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .
3	'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy
2	trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy
1	trudge out of the theater feeling
1	trudge out
3	of the theater feeling
2	the theater feeling
3	theater feeling
1	as though you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy
1	though you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy
3	you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy
2	rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy
1	rode the Zipper
2	the Zipper
2	after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy
2	eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy
2	a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy
2	a corn dog and
1	a corn dog
2	corn dog
2	an extra-large cotton candy
3	extra-large cotton candy
2	cotton candy
2	The movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course .
1	The movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course
1	The movie is a little tired ;
1	The movie is a little tired
2	The movie
1	is a little tired
2	a little tired
2	a little
1	maybe the original inspiration has run its course
2	maybe the original inspiration
2	the original inspiration
3	original inspiration
0	has run its course
1	run its course
2	its course
2	This will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things .
1	will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things .
2	will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things
1	go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things
2	go on
1	so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things
1	so long
3	as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things
1	there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things
2	are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things
2	are moviegoers
2	anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things
2	to see strange young guys doing strange guy things
1	see strange young guys doing strange guy things
2	see strange young guys
2	strange young guys
2	young guys
1	doing strange guy things
2	strange guy things
2	guy things
0	A full-frontal attack on audience patience .
1	A full-frontal attack on audience patience
2	A full-frontal attack
2	full-frontal attack
1	on audience patience
2	audience patience
2	Any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of God are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors .
1	Any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of God are framed in a drama so clumsy
2	Any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of God
2	Any intellectual arguments
2	intellectual arguments
2	being made about the nature of God
2	made about the nature of God
2	about the nature of God
2	the nature of God
2	the nature
2	of God
1	are framed in a drama so clumsy
1	framed in a drama so clumsy
1	in a drama so clumsy
1	a drama so clumsy
2	a drama
2	so clumsy
2	, there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors .
1	there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors .
1	is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors .
1	is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors
1	a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors
2	a real danger
2	real danger
2	less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors
1	less sophisticated audiences
1	less sophisticated
1	will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors
0	mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors
2	mistake it for an endorsement of the very things
2	mistake it
2	for an endorsement of the very things
3	an endorsement of the very things
3	an endorsement
2	of the very things
2	the very things
2	very things
2	that Bean abhors
2	Bean abhors
1	It 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .
1	It 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled
2	It 's a big idea , but
2	It 's a big idea ,
3	It 's a big idea
2	's a big idea
2	a big idea
2	big idea
1	the film itself is small and shriveled
2	the film
1	itself is small and shriveled
1	is small and shriveled
2	is small and
2	is small
1	Debut effort by `` Project Greenlight '' winner is sappy and amateurish .
3	Debut effort by `` Project Greenlight '' winner
2	Debut effort
2	by `` Project Greenlight '' winner
3	`` Project Greenlight '' winner
3	Project Greenlight '' winner
2	Project Greenlight
3	'' winner
2	is sappy and amateurish .
0	is sappy and amateurish
0	sappy and amateurish
2	sappy and
2	One gets the impression the creators of Do n't Ask Do n't Tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes .
1	gets the impression the creators of Do n't Ask Do n't Tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes .
2	gets the impression the creators of Do n't Ask Do n't Tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes
1	the impression the creators of Do n't Ask Do n't Tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes
2	the impression
2	the creators of Do n't Ask Do n't Tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes
1	the creators of Do n't Ask
2	the creators
2	of Do n't Ask
3	Do n't Ask
1	Do n't
2	Do n't Tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes
1	Do n't
2	Tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes
2	laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes
3	laughed a hell of a lot
2	a hell of a lot
1	a hell
2	of a lot
2	a lot
2	at their own jokes
2	their own jokes
2	own jokes
0	Too bad none of it is funny .
2	Too bad none of it
2	Too bad none
2	Too bad
2	of it
3	is funny .
3	is funny
2	The cast has a high time , but de Broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp .
2	The cast has a high time , but de Broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp
2	The cast has a high time , but
3	The cast has a high time ,
3	The cast has a high time
2	The cast
2	has a high time
3	a high time
3	high time
1	de Broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp
2	de Broca
1	has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp
1	little enthusiasm for such antique pulp
1	little enthusiasm
2	for such antique pulp
2	such antique pulp
2	antique pulp
1	The film , like Jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs .
2	The film , like Jimmy 's routines ,
2	The film , like Jimmy 's routines
2	The film ,
2	The film
3	like Jimmy 's routines
2	Jimmy 's routines
2	Jimmy 's
2	could use a few good laughs .
2	could use a few good laughs
3	use a few good laughs
3	a few good laughs
2	few good laughs
3	good laughs
2	The film has too many spots where it 's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that 's especially fit for the kiddies .
2	The film
3	has too many spots where it 's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that 's especially fit for the kiddies .
3	has too many spots where it 's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that 's especially fit for the kiddies
1	has too many spots where it 's on slippery footing , but
1	has too many spots where it 's on slippery footing ,
1	has too many spots where it 's on slippery footing
1	too many spots where it 's on slippery footing
2	too many spots
2	many spots
1	where it 's on slippery footing
2	it 's on slippery footing
1	's on slippery footing
1	on slippery footing
1	slippery footing
4	is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that 's especially fit for the kiddies
3	acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that 's especially fit for the kiddies
4	acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one
2	acceptable entertainment
3	for the entire family and one
2	the entire family and one
2	the entire family and
2	the entire family
2	entire family
2	that 's especially fit for the kiddies
3	's especially fit for the kiddies
3	especially fit for the kiddies
3	fit for the kiddies
3	for the kiddies
2	the kiddies
1	Purports to be a Hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging .
0	Purports to be a Hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something
1	to be a Hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something
2	be a Hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something
0	a Hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something
2	a Hollywood satire but
2	a Hollywood satire
3	Hollywood satire
2	winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something
2	winds up
2	as the kind of film that should be the target of something
2	the kind of film that should be the target of something
2	the kind of film
2	the kind
2	of film
2	that should be the target of something
2	should be the target of something
2	be the target of something
2	the target of something
2	the target
2	of something
3	deeper and more engaging .
4	deeper and more engaging
2	deeper and more
2	deeper and
3	Oh , and more entertaining , too .
2	, and more entertaining , too .
3	and more entertaining , too .
3	and more entertaining , too
3	more entertaining , too
3	more entertaining ,
3	more entertaining
0	... in the pile of useless actioners from MTV schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .
2	in the pile of useless actioners from MTV schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .
0	in the pile of useless actioners from MTV schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes
1	in the pile of useless actioners
0	the pile of useless actioners
2	the pile
1	of useless actioners
1	useless actioners
1	from MTV schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes
0	MTV schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes
0	MTV schmucks
1	who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes
2	do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes
2	do n't
2	know how to tell a story for more than four minutes
2	how to tell a story for more than four minutes
2	to tell a story for more than four minutes
2	tell a story for more than four minutes
1	a story for more than four minutes
2	a story
2	for more than four minutes
2	more than four minutes
3	more than four
2	than four
2	Though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by James Spader and Maggie Gyllenhaal , I felt disrespected .
3	Though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by James Spader and Maggie Gyllenhaal
3	it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by James Spader and Maggie Gyllenhaal
4	was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by James Spader and Maggie Gyllenhaal
3	was made with careful attention to detail and
3	was made with careful attention to detail
4	made with careful attention to detail
3	made with careful attention
2	with careful attention
2	careful attention
2	to detail
4	is well-acted by James Spader and Maggie Gyllenhaal
3	well-acted by James Spader and Maggie Gyllenhaal
2	by James Spader and Maggie Gyllenhaal
2	James Spader and Maggie Gyllenhaal
2	James Spader and
3	James Spader
3	Maggie Gyllenhaal
1	, I felt disrespected .
0	I felt disrespected .
1	felt disrespected .
1	felt disrespected
1	Humor in I Spy is so anemic .
2	Humor in I Spy
2	in I Spy
2	I Spy
2	is so anemic .
1	is so anemic
2	so anemic
1	The film is strictly routine .
2	The film
1	is strictly routine .
1	is strictly routine
2	is strictly
2	Skillful as he is , Mr. Shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .
3	Skillful as he is
2	as he is
2	he is
1	, Mr. Shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .
1	Mr. Shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .
2	Mr. Shyamalan
2	is undone by his pretensions .
1	is undone by his pretensions
1	undone by his pretensions
2	by his pretensions
2	his pretensions
2	While the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched Stephen Norrington-directed predecessor , the new script by the returning David S. Goyer is much sillier .
2	While the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched Stephen Norrington-directed predecessor
3	the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched Stephen Norrington-directed predecessor
2	the new film
2	new film
3	is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched Stephen Norrington-directed predecessor
3	much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched Stephen Norrington-directed predecessor
3	much more eye-catching
3	more eye-catching
2	than its blood-drenched Stephen Norrington-directed predecessor
2	its blood-drenched Stephen Norrington-directed predecessor
2	blood-drenched Stephen Norrington-directed predecessor
2	Stephen Norrington-directed predecessor
2	Norrington-directed predecessor
2	, the new script by the returning David S. Goyer is much sillier .
1	the new script by the returning David S. Goyer is much sillier .
2	the new script by the returning David S. Goyer
2	the new script
2	new script
2	by the returning David S. Goyer
2	the returning David S. Goyer
2	returning David S. Goyer
2	David S. Goyer
2	S. Goyer
2	is much sillier .
2	is much sillier
2	much sillier
0	In addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
0	In addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
0	addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
0	to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
1	sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
0	one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
0	of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
0	the worst titles in recent cinematic history
0	the worst titles
0	worst titles
2	in recent cinematic history
2	recent cinematic history
2	cinematic history
0	, Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
0	Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
2	Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever
3	Ballistic :
2	Ecks Vs. Sever
2	Vs. Sever
0	also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
0	features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
0	features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase
0	terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase
0	terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and
0	terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters
0	terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ;
0	terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting
0	terrible , banal dialogue ;
1	terrible , banal dialogue
2	, banal dialogue
1	banal dialogue
2	convenient , hole-ridden plotting
0	, hole-ridden plotting
1	hole-ridden plotting
1	superficial characters
1	a rather dull , unimaginative car chase
0	rather dull , unimaginative car chase
0	rather dull , unimaginative
0	dull , unimaginative
0	, unimaginative
3	car chase
2	It shares the first two films ' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between .
1	It shares the first two films ' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between
1	It shares the first two films ' loose-jointed structure , but
1	It shares the first two films ' loose-jointed structure ,
2	It shares the first two films ' loose-jointed structure
2	shares the first two films ' loose-jointed structure
1	the first two films ' loose-jointed structure
2	the first two films '
2	first two films '
2	two films '
2	films '
1	loose-jointed structure
1	laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between
4	laugh-out-loud bits
2	are few and far between
2	are few
2	and far between
2	far between
2	The Santa Clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but I 've got to give it thumbs down .
1	The Santa Clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but I 've got to give it thumbs down
1	The Santa Clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but
0	The Santa Clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids ,
1	The Santa Clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids
2	The Santa Clause 2
2	Santa Clause 2
2	Clause 2
1	is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids
1	a barely adequate babysitter for older kids
1	a barely adequate babysitter
1	barely adequate babysitter
3	barely adequate
2	for older kids
2	older kids
0	I 've got to give it thumbs down
0	've got to give it thumbs down
0	got to give it thumbs down
0	to give it thumbs down
0	give it thumbs down
0	it thumbs down
1	thumbs down
0	You can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
0	can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
0	can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
2	can not
0	guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
0	why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
1	the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
2	the cast and crew
2	cast and crew
2	cast and
0	did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
2	did n't
0	sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
0	a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
0	pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
0	to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
0	burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
0	burn the negative and the script and
0	burn the negative and the script
1	the negative and the script
2	the negative and
2	the negative
2	the script
0	pretend the whole thing never existed
1	the whole thing never existed
2	the whole thing
3	whole thing
1	never existed
1	Barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .
0	throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .
1	throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull
3	throws away
1	the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull
2	the goodwill
1	the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull
2	the first half of his movie
2	the first half
2	first half
2	of his movie
2	his movie
0	generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull
0	by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull
0	orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull
0	a finale that is impenetrable and dull
2	a finale
1	that is impenetrable and dull
0	is impenetrable and dull
2	impenetrable and dull
1	impenetrable and
2	If you 're really renting this you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices , you 're interested in Anne Geddes , John Grisham , and Thomas Kincaid .
0	If you 're really renting this you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices
1	you 're really renting this you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices
1	're really renting this you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices
2	're really
1	renting this you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices
2	this you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices
1	you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices
1	're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices
2	're not interested in discretion
2	're not
2	interested in discretion
2	in discretion
2	in your entertainment choices
3	your entertainment choices
2	entertainment choices
2	, you 're interested in Anne Geddes , John Grisham , and Thomas Kincaid .
2	you 're interested in Anne Geddes , John Grisham , and Thomas Kincaid .
2	're interested in Anne Geddes , John Grisham , and Thomas Kincaid .
2	're interested in Anne Geddes , John Grisham , and Thomas Kincaid
4	interested in Anne Geddes , John Grisham , and Thomas Kincaid
2	in Anne Geddes , John Grisham , and Thomas Kincaid
1	Anne Geddes , John Grisham , and Thomas Kincaid
2	Anne Geddes , John Grisham , and
2	Anne Geddes , John Grisham ,
2	Anne Geddes , John Grisham
2	Anne Geddes ,
2	Anne Geddes
2	John Grisham
2	Thomas Kincaid
1	We get the comedy we settle for .
2	get the comedy we settle for .
2	get the comedy we settle for
2	the comedy we settle for
2	the comedy
2	we settle for
1	settle for
1	The uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .
2	The uneven movie
1	uneven movie
2	does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .
2	does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them
2	have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them
2	its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them
2	its charms and its funny moments but not
3	its charms and its funny moments
3	its charms and
3	its charms
3	its funny moments
3	funny moments
2	but not
3	quite enough of them
2	quite enough
2	of them
2	Two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning .
2	Two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal
2	Two hours
2	of sepia-tinted heavy metal
2	sepia-tinted heavy metal
2	heavy metal
2	images and surround sound effects of people moaning .
2	images and surround sound effects of people moaning
2	images and surround sound effects of people
2	images and surround
2	images and
2	sound effects of people
3	sound effects
2	of people
0	A word of advice to the makers of The Singles Ward : Celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .
2	A word of advice to the makers of The Singles Ward
2	A word of advice
2	A word
2	of advice
2	to the makers of The Singles Ward
2	the makers of The Singles Ward
2	the makers
2	of The Singles Ward
2	The Singles Ward
2	Singles Ward
1	: Celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .
0	Celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .
1	Celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs
2	Celebrity cameos
1	do not automatically equal laughs
2	do not automatically
2	do not
3	equal laughs
1	And neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .
1	neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .
2	do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .
1	do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are
2	cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are
2	cliches ,
2	no matter how ` inside ' they are
2	no matter
2	how ` inside ' they are
2	how ` inside '
2	` inside '
2	inside '
2	they are
3	The campy results make Mel Brooks ' Borscht Belt schtick look sophisticated .
2	The campy results
2	campy results
2	make Mel Brooks ' Borscht Belt schtick look sophisticated .
3	make Mel Brooks ' Borscht Belt schtick look sophisticated
3	Mel Brooks ' Borscht Belt schtick look sophisticated
2	Mel Brooks ' Borscht Belt schtick
2	Mel Brooks '
2	Brooks '
2	Borscht Belt schtick
2	Belt schtick
3	look sophisticated
1	Its appeal will probably limited to LDS Church members and undemanding armchair tourists .
3	Its appeal
1	will probably limited to LDS Church members and undemanding armchair tourists .
2	will probably limited to LDS Church members and undemanding armchair tourists
1	probably limited to LDS Church members and undemanding armchair tourists
1	limited to LDS Church members and undemanding armchair tourists
2	to LDS Church members and undemanding armchair tourists
2	LDS Church members and undemanding armchair tourists
2	Church members and undemanding armchair tourists
2	members and undemanding armchair tourists
1	and undemanding armchair tourists
1	undemanding armchair tourists
2	armchair tourists
1	The Hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .
2	The Hanukkah spirit
2	Hanukkah spirit
2	seems fried in pork .
2	seems fried in pork
3	fried in pork
2	in pork
1	Cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .
1	would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .
1	would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film
2	've worked a lot better had it been a short film
2	worked a lot better had it been a short film
2	a lot better had it been a short film
3	a lot better
2	a lot
2	had it been a short film
2	had it
2	been a short film
2	a short film
2	short film
0	Manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .
0	Manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ...
2	Manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney
1	Manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week ,
1	Manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week
1	Manipulative claptrap ,
1	Manipulative claptrap
2	a period-piece movie-of-the-week
1	period-piece movie-of-the-week
0	plain old blarney
1	plain old
2	take your pick .
2	take your pick
2	your pick
1	All three descriptions suit Evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .
0	All three descriptions suit Evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new
2	All three descriptions suit Evelyn ,
2	All three descriptions suit Evelyn
2	three descriptions suit Evelyn
2	descriptions suit Evelyn
2	suit Evelyn
1	a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new
1	a besotted and obvious drama
0	besotted and obvious drama
1	besotted and obvious
2	besotted and
1	that tells us nothing new
1	tells us nothing new
1	us nothing new
0	nothing new
2	Hey Arnold !
2	Arnold !
2	is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation .
1	is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation
2	is now
1	stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation
1	stretched to barely feature length ,
1	stretched to barely feature length
1	to barely feature length
1	barely feature length
2	feature length
2	with a little more attention paid to the animation
3	a little more attention paid to the animation
2	a little more attention
2	little more attention
2	little more
2	paid to the animation
2	to the animation
2	the animation
3	Still , the updated Dickensian sensibility of writer Craig Bartlett 's story is appealing .
3	, the updated Dickensian sensibility of writer Craig Bartlett 's story is appealing .
3	the updated Dickensian sensibility of writer Craig Bartlett 's story is appealing .
3	the updated Dickensian sensibility of writer Craig Bartlett 's story
2	the updated Dickensian sensibility
3	updated Dickensian sensibility
2	Dickensian sensibility
2	of writer Craig Bartlett 's story
2	writer Craig Bartlett 's story
2	writer Craig Bartlett 's
2	Craig Bartlett 's
2	Bartlett 's
3	is appealing .
3	is appealing
1	True to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
3	True to its title
2	to its title
2	its title
0	, it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
0	it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
1	traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
0	traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at
0	traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations
2	traps audiences
1	in a series of relentlessly nasty situations
1	a series of relentlessly nasty situations
2	a series
1	of relentlessly nasty situations
1	relentlessly nasty situations
0	relentlessly nasty
0	that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at
0	we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at
1	would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at
2	pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at
2	pay a considerable ransom
2	a considerable ransom
2	considerable ransom
2	not to be looking at
2	to be looking at
2	be looking at
2	looking at
0	Does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival two years ago .
1	Does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival two years ago
2	Does n't
3	come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival two years ago
2	come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival
2	close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival
2	to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival
4	justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival
2	the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival
1	the hype
2	that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival
2	surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival
2	surrounded its debut
2	its debut
2	at the Sundance Film Festival
2	the Sundance Film Festival
2	Sundance Film Festival
3	Film Festival
2	two years ago
2	two years
0	The plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .
0	The plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours
1	The plot is paper-thin and
1	The plot is paper-thin
2	The plot
2	is paper-thin
0	the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours
2	the characters
0	are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours
1	are n't
2	interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours
3	interesting enough
2	to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours
1	watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours
2	them go about their daily activities for two whole hours
2	go about their daily activities for two whole hours
2	go about their daily activities
2	about their daily activities
2	their daily activities
2	daily activities
2	for two whole hours
1	two whole hours
3	whole hours
1	Kaufman 's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .
2	Kaufman 's script
2	Kaufman 's
1	is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .
0	is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious
1	is never especially clever and often
1	is never especially clever and
2	is never especially clever
2	is never
3	especially clever
1	is rather pretentious
2	rather pretentious
2	The film did n't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due .
2	The film did n't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due
2	The film did n't move me one way or the other , but
1	The film did n't move me one way or the other ,
1	The film did n't move me one way or the other
2	The film
1	did n't move me one way or the other
2	did n't
2	move me one way or the other
2	me one way or the other
2	one way or the other
2	one way or
2	one way
2	the other
2	it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due
2	it was an honest effort and
3	it was an honest effort
3	was an honest effort
3	an honest effort
3	honest effort
3	if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due
1	if you want to see a flick about telemarketers
2	you want to see a flick about telemarketers
2	want to see a flick about telemarketers
2	to see a flick about telemarketers
1	see a flick about telemarketers
2	a flick about telemarketers
2	a flick
2	about telemarketers
2	this one will due
2	this one
2	will due
1	Queen of the Damned is too long with too little going on .
2	Queen of the Damned
2	of the Damned
2	the Damned
1	is too long with too little going on .
1	is too long with too little going on
1	is too long with too little
1	too long with too little
1	too long
1	with too little
1	too little
2	going on
1	It collapses when Mr. Taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .
1	collapses when Mr. Taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .
1	collapses when Mr. Taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush
2	when Mr. Taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush
3	Mr. Taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush
2	Mr. Taylor
3	tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush
2	to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush
2	shift the tone to a thriller 's rush
2	shift the tone
2	the tone
2	to a thriller 's rush
2	a thriller 's rush
2	a thriller 's
2	thriller 's
1	Any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
1	Any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country
2	Any film
1	that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country
1	does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country
2	does n't even in passing
1	does n't
2	even in passing
2	in passing
2	mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country
1	political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country
2	political prisoners , poverty and
2	political prisoners , poverty
2	political prisoners ,
2	political prisoners
1	the boat loads of people who try to escape the country
2	the boat loads
2	boat loads
2	of people who try to escape the country
2	people who try to escape the country
2	who try to escape the country
2	try to escape the country
2	to escape the country
2	escape the country
2	the country
1	is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
1	is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss
2	is less a documentary and more propaganda
1	less a documentary and more propaganda
1	a documentary and more propaganda
2	a documentary and
2	a documentary
1	more propaganda
3	by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss
2	way of a valentine sealed with a kiss
3	of a valentine sealed with a kiss
3	a valentine sealed with a kiss
2	a valentine
3	sealed with a kiss
2	with a kiss
2	a kiss
0	... Blade II is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
1	Blade II is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
2	Blade II
0	is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
1	is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves
2	is still
2	top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves
1	with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves
0	blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves
1	guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves
1	guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves
2	guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts ,
1	guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts
2	guns ,
2	cheatfully filmed martial arts
2	filmed martial arts
3	martial arts
1	disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves
1	disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and
1	disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects
3	bloodsucker computer effects
2	computer effects
1	jagged camera moves
2	camera moves
1	that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves
1	serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves
1	serve no other purpose
1	no other purpose
2	other purpose
3	than to call attention to themselves
2	to call attention to themselves
2	call attention to themselves
2	call attention
2	to themselves
1	The Rules of Attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
2	The Rules of Attraction
2	The Rules
2	of Attraction
1	gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
1	gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
1	us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
1	too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
2	drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
1	on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
1	the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
2	the party
1	favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
1	to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
2	sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
2	sober us up
2	sober us
1	with the transparent attempts at moralizing
2	the transparent attempts at moralizing
2	the transparent attempts
1	transparent attempts
2	at moralizing
1	Though there are many tense scenes in Trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .
2	Though there are many tense scenes in Trapped
3	there are many tense scenes in Trapped
3	are many tense scenes in Trapped
3	many tense scenes in Trapped
2	many tense scenes
2	tense scenes
1	in Trapped
1	, they prove more distressing than suspenseful .
1	they prove more distressing than suspenseful .
2	prove more distressing than suspenseful .
2	prove more distressing than suspenseful
1	prove more distressing
2	more distressing
2	than suspenseful
2	In this film we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian .
2	In this film
2	this film
2	we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian .
2	at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian .
2	at least
2	see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian .
2	see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian
2	a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian
2	a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and
2	a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor ,
3	a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor
2	a study in contrasts ;
2	a study in contrasts
2	a study
2	in contrasts
2	the wide range of one actor
2	the wide range
2	wide range
2	of one actor
2	one actor
1	the limited range of a comedian
2	the limited range
1	limited range
2	of a comedian
2	a comedian
0	Feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .
1	Feels strangely hollow at its emotional core
1	strangely hollow at its emotional core
0	hollow at its emotional core
2	at its emotional core
2	its emotional core
2	emotional core
2	You have once again entered the bizarre realm where director Adrian Lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal .
1	have once again entered the bizarre realm where director Adrian Lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal .
2	have once again entered the bizarre realm where director Adrian Lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal
2	have once again
2	once again
2	entered the bizarre realm where director Adrian Lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal
1	entered the bizarre realm
2	the bizarre realm
1	bizarre realm
1	where director Adrian Lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal
1	director Adrian Lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal
2	director Adrian Lyne
2	Adrian Lyne
2	holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal
1	sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal
2	sway ,
2	where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal
1	all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal
2	all relationships
2	are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal
2	are simultaneously
2	broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal
2	broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and
2	broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract ,
1	broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract
2	broadly metaphorical ,
3	broadly metaphorical
2	oddly abstract
2	excruciatingly literal
1	The high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : There 's very little hustling on view .
1	The high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : There 's very little hustling on view
0	The high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note :
0	The high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note
1	The high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and
2	The high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized ,
2	The high-concept scenario
3	high-concept scenario
1	soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized ,
1	proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized ,
2	proves preposterous
0	, the acting is robotically italicized ,
1	the acting is robotically italicized ,
2	the acting is robotically italicized
2	the acting
1	is robotically italicized
1	robotically italicized
2	truth-in-advertising hounds take note
1	truth-in-advertising hounds
2	take note
2	There 's very little hustling on view
2	's very little hustling on view
1	's very little
2	very little
2	hustling on view
2	on view
1	This director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .
2	This director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes --
2	This director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes
2	This director 's cut --
2	This director 's cut
2	This director 's
2	director 's
2	which adds 51 minutes
2	adds 51 minutes
2	51 minutes
2	takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .
1	takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera
2	takes a great film and
2	takes a great film
4	a great film
4	great film
2	turns it into a mundane soap opera
2	turns it
2	into a mundane soap opera
2	a mundane soap opera
1	mundane soap opera
1	soap opera
0	Characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .
2	has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .
1	has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle
0	been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle
1	sacrificed for the sake of spectacle
2	for the sake of spectacle
2	the sake of spectacle
2	the sake
2	of spectacle
2	the Venezuelans say things like `` si , pretty much '' and `` por favor , go home '' when talking to Americans .
2	the Venezuelans
2	say things like `` si , pretty much '' and `` por favor , go home '' when talking to Americans .
2	say things like `` si , pretty much '' and `` por favor , go home '' when talking to Americans
2	say things
2	like `` si , pretty much '' and `` por favor , go home '' when talking to Americans
2	`` si , pretty much '' and `` por favor , go home '' when talking to Americans
2	`` si , pretty much '' and `` por favor ,
2	si , pretty much '' and `` por favor ,
2	si , pretty much '' and `` por favor
2	si , pretty much '' and ``
2	si , pretty much '' and
2	si , pretty much ''
2	si , pretty much
2	si ,
2	pretty much
2	por favor
1	go home '' when talking to Americans
2	go home ''
2	go home
2	when talking to Americans
2	talking to Americans
2	to Americans
1	That 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` Dragonfly . ''
1	's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` Dragonfly . ''
1	's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` Dragonfly .
1	's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` Dragonfly
1	's muy loco , but no more ridiculous
1	muy loco , but no more ridiculous
2	muy loco , but
2	muy loco ,
1	muy loco
2	no more ridiculous
1	more ridiculous
2	than most of the rest of `` Dragonfly
2	most of the rest of `` Dragonfly
2	of the rest of `` Dragonfly
2	the rest of `` Dragonfly
2	the rest
2	of `` Dragonfly
2	of ``
1	It 's a movie that ends with Truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud .
2	's a movie that ends with Truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud .
1	's a movie that ends with Truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud
2	's a movie that ends with Truckzilla , for cryin '
2	's a movie that ends with Truckzilla ,
2	's a movie that ends with Truckzilla
2	a movie that ends with Truckzilla
2	a movie
2	that ends with Truckzilla
2	ends with Truckzilla
2	with Truckzilla
3	for cryin '
2	cryin '
2	out loud
0	If that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will .
1	If that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong
1	that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong
1	does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong
1	does n't
1	clue you in that something 's horribly wrong
2	clue you
0	in that something 's horribly wrong
2	that something 's horribly wrong
1	something 's horribly wrong
1	's horribly wrong
0	horribly wrong
2	, nothing will .
2	nothing will .
2	will .
1	Director Tom Shadyac and star Kevin Costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
2	Director Tom Shadyac and star Kevin Costner
2	Tom Shadyac and star Kevin Costner
2	Shadyac and star Kevin Costner
2	and star Kevin Costner
2	star Kevin Costner
2	Kevin Costner
1	glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
1	mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
1	mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself
2	the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself
3	the story 's promising premise
2	the story 's
2	story 's
3	promising premise
1	of a physician who needs to heal himself
2	a physician who needs to heal himself
2	a physician
2	who needs to heal himself
2	needs to heal himself
2	to heal himself
2	heal himself
0	It 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
2	's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
0	's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
0	difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
0	to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
1	imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
1	that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
0	a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
0	a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily
1	more confused , less interesting and more sloppily
0	more confused , less interesting and more
2	more confused , less interesting and
1	more confused , less interesting
1	more confused ,
1	more confused
2	less interesting
2	made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
2	film could possibly come down the road in 2002
2	could possibly come down the road in 2002
2	could possibly
2	come down the road in 2002
2	come down
2	the road in 2002
2	the road
2	in 2002
0	Like the Tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
2	Like the Tuck family themselves
2	the Tuck family themselves
2	the Tuck family
2	Tuck family
1	, this movie just goes on and on and on and on
1	this movie just goes on and on and on and on
2	this movie
1	just goes on and on and on and on
1	goes on and on and on and on
2	on and on and on and on
2	on and on and
2	on and on
2	on and
2	on and on
2	on and
0	As pedestrian as they come .
2	As pedestrian as
2	pedestrian as
2	they come .
2	come .
1	A film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
3	A film that plays things so nice
2	A film
3	that plays things so nice
2	plays things so nice
3	things so nice
2	so nice
1	'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
1	'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
1	safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
2	safe as
1	to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
1	often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
1	play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
1	like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
1	a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
1	a milquetoast movie
2	milquetoast movie
1	of the week blown up for the big screen
1	the week blown up for the big screen
2	the week
2	blown up for the big screen
2	blown up
2	for the big screen
2	the big screen
2	big screen
0	It 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .
1	's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .
1	's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
1	a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
1	a feel-bad ending
1	feel-bad ending
1	for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
1	a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
1	a depressing story
1	depressing story
3	that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
1	throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
2	throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and
2	throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face
2	throws a bunch of hot-button items
2	a bunch of hot-button items
2	a bunch
2	of hot-button items
3	hot-button items
2	in the viewer 's face
2	the viewer 's face
2	the viewer 's
2	viewer 's
2	asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
3	to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
3	be seen as hip , winking social commentary
3	seen as hip , winking social commentary
3	seen as hip ,
2	seen as hip
2	as hip
3	winking social commentary
2	social commentary
2	Put it somewhere between Sling Blade and South of Heaven , West of Hell in the pantheon of Billy Bob 's body of work .
2	Put it somewhere between Sling Blade and South of Heaven , West of Hell in the pantheon of Billy Bob 's body of work
2	Put it somewhere between Sling Blade and South of Heaven , West of Hell
2	Put it
2	somewhere between Sling Blade and South of Heaven , West of Hell
2	between Sling Blade and South of Heaven , West of Hell
3	Sling Blade and South of Heaven , West of Hell
2	Sling Blade and South
2	Blade and South
3	Blade and
2	of Heaven , West of Hell
2	Heaven , West of Hell
2	Heaven , West
2	, West
1	of Hell
2	in the pantheon of Billy Bob 's body of work
2	the pantheon of Billy Bob 's body of work
2	the pantheon
2	of Billy Bob 's body of work
2	Billy Bob 's body of work
2	Billy Bob 's body
2	Billy Bob 's
2	Bob 's
2	of work
1	More intellectually scary than dramatically involving .
2	More intellectually scary than dramatically involving
2	More intellectually scary
2	intellectually scary
2	than dramatically involving
2	dramatically involving
1	An inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .
1	An inconsequential
2	, barely there bit of piffle .
2	barely there bit of piffle .
2	there bit of piffle .
1	bit of piffle .
2	bit of piffle
1	of piffle
1	The abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here .
2	The abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here
0	The abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste --
1	The abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste
3	The abiding impression
2	abiding impression
1	, despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste
0	despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste
1	despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz
2	the mild hallucinogenic buzz
1	mild hallucinogenic buzz
2	hallucinogenic buzz
1	, is of overwhelming waste
0	is of overwhelming waste
1	of overwhelming waste
0	overwhelming waste
1	the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here
2	the acres of haute couture
2	the acres
2	of haute couture
2	haute couture
1	ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here
2	ca n't quite
2	ca n't
1	conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here
1	that there 's nothing resembling a spine here
0	there 's nothing resembling a spine here
1	's nothing resembling a spine here
2	's nothing
2	resembling a spine here
2	resembling a spine
2	a spine
1	As saccharine as it is disposable .
2	As saccharine as
1	saccharine as
1	it is disposable .
2	is disposable .
1	is disposable
1	You come away thinking not only that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .
1	come away thinking not only that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .
1	come away thinking not only that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another
2	come away
1	thinking not only that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another
2	thinking not only
2	not only
1	that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another
1	that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and
1	that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about
1	that Kate is n't very bright , but
2	that Kate is n't very bright ,
2	that Kate is n't very bright
1	Kate is n't very bright
1	is n't very bright
1	is n't
4	very bright
2	that she has n't been worth caring about
1	she has n't been worth caring about
0	has n't been worth caring about
2	has n't
3	been worth caring about
2	worth caring about
2	caring about
1	that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another
1	maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another
1	she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another
2	she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family --
2	she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family
2	she , Janine and Molly --
2	she , Janine and Molly
2	she , Janine and
2	she , Janine
2	she ,
2	an all-woman dysfunctional family
2	all-woman dysfunctional family
2	dysfunctional family
2	deserve one another
2	one another
1	The metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery .
1	The metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery
3	The metaphors are provocative , but
3	The metaphors are provocative ,
3	The metaphors are provocative
2	The metaphors
2	are provocative
1	too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery
2	too often
1	, the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery
1	the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery
2	the viewer
1	is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery
2	is left
1	puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery
2	by the mechanics of the delivery
2	the mechanics of the delivery
2	the mechanics
2	of the delivery
2	the delivery
0	Very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
1	much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
2	much a home
2	a home
1	video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
0	video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all
1	video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose
3	video , and
2	video ,
0	so devoid of artifice and purpose
1	so devoid
3	of artifice and purpose
2	artifice and purpose
2	artifice and
1	that it appears not to have been edited at all
1	it appears not to have been edited at all
0	appears not to have been edited at all
1	not to have been edited at all
2	to have been edited at all
2	have been edited at all
1	been edited at all
2	edited at all
2	at all
1	Too much power , not enough puff .
1	Too much power , not enough puff
2	Too much power ,
2	Too much power
3	much power
3	not enough puff
2	enough puff
0	The attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .
1	The attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe
1	attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe
1	to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe
2	build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe
2	build up
1	a pressure cooker of horrified awe
2	a pressure cooker
2	pressure cooker
2	of horrified awe
2	horrified awe
0	emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .
1	emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show
2	emerges from the simple fact
2	from the simple fact
3	the simple fact
2	simple fact
0	that the movie has virtually nothing to show
2	the movie has virtually nothing to show
2	the movie
1	has virtually nothing to show
1	virtually nothing to show
1	nothing to show
2	to show
1	It 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .
1	It 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances
2	It 's provocative stuff , but
3	It 's provocative stuff ,
3	It 's provocative stuff
3	's provocative stuff
3	provocative stuff
1	the speculative effort is hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances
2	the speculative effort
3	speculative effort
1	is hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances
1	hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances
0	hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion
1	by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion
1	Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion
1	Taylor 's cartoonish performance and
1	Taylor 's cartoonish performance
2	Taylor 's
1	cartoonish performance
1	the film 's ill-considered notion
2	the film 's
2	film 's
1	ill-considered notion
1	that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances
2	Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances
1	Hitler 's destiny
1	Hitler 's
2	was shaped by the most random of chances
2	shaped by the most random of chances
1	by the most random of chances
2	the most random of chances
2	the most random
2	most random
2	of chances
0	A cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains ... Crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .
0	A cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains ... Crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential
1	A cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains ...
1	A cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains
1	A cellophane-pop remake of the punk
1	A cellophane-pop remake
1	cellophane-pop remake
2	of the punk
2	the punk
3	classic Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains
2	Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains
2	Ladies and Gentlemen ,
2	Ladies and Gentlemen
2	Ladies and
2	The Fabulous Stains
2	Fabulous Stains
2	Crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential
1	is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential
2	is never
1	much worse than bland or better than inconsequential
1	much worse than bland or
0	much worse than bland
0	worse than bland
1	than bland
3	better than inconsequential
3	better than
2	Muddled , trashy and incompetent
0	Muddled , trashy and
1	Muddled , trashy
1	Muddled ,
1	For this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull Sorvino has no light touch , and Rodan is out of his league .
1	For this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull Sorvino has no light touch , and Rodan is out of his league
2	For this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but
1	For this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers ,
2	For this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers
2	For this sort of thing to work
2	this sort of thing to work
2	this sort of thing
2	this sort
2	of thing
2	to work
1	, we need agile performers
2	we need agile performers
1	need agile performers
3	agile performers
1	the proficient , dull Sorvino has no light touch , and Rodan is out of his league
1	the proficient , dull Sorvino has no light touch , and
2	the proficient , dull Sorvino has no light touch ,
2	the proficient , dull Sorvino has no light touch
1	the proficient , dull Sorvino
1	proficient , dull Sorvino
1	proficient , dull
2	, dull
2	has no light touch
2	no light touch
2	light touch
1	Rodan is out of his league
1	is out of his league
2	is out
2	of his league
2	his league
1	Narc is all menace and atmosphere .
2	is all menace and atmosphere .
2	is all menace and atmosphere
1	all menace and atmosphere
2	menace and atmosphere
2	menace and
2	Though excessively tiresome , The Uncertainty Principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be , has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore .
2	Though excessively tiresome
0	excessively tiresome
2	, The Uncertainty Principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be , has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore .
2	The Uncertainty Principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be , has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore .
2	The Uncertainty Principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be ,
1	The Uncertainty Principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be
2	The Uncertainty Principle ,
2	The Uncertainty Principle
1	Uncertainty Principle
2	as verbally pretentious as the title may be
1	verbally pretentious as the title may be
1	pretentious as the title may be
2	as the title may be
2	the title may be
2	the title
2	may be
1	has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore .
2	has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore
2	has its handful of redeeming features ,
2	has its handful of redeeming features
3	its handful of redeeming features
2	its handful
2	of redeeming features
3	redeeming features
2	as long as you discount its ability to bore
2	as long
1	as you discount its ability to bore
1	you discount its ability to bore
2	discount its ability to bore
2	discount its ability
2	its ability
1	to bore
1	Despite Juliet Stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
1	Despite Juliet Stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life
2	Juliet Stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life
2	Juliet Stevenon 's
2	Stevenon 's
1	attempt to bring cohesion to Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life
2	to bring cohesion to Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life
2	bring cohesion to Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life
3	bring cohesion
3	to Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life
2	Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life
2	Pamela 's
2	emotional roller coaster life
2	roller coaster life
2	coaster life
1	, it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
1	it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
1	is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
1	is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs
1	is not
1	enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs
1	to give the film the substance it so desperately needs
2	give the film the substance it so desperately needs
2	give the film
2	the film
1	the substance it so desperately needs
2	the substance
2	it so desperately needs
2	so desperately needs
2	so desperately
0	It 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .
2	's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .
1	's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing
1	tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing
1	to be startled when you 're almost dozing
2	be startled when you 're almost dozing
2	startled when you 're almost dozing
2	when you 're almost dozing
1	you 're almost dozing
2	're almost dozing
2	almost dozing
1	his -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it .
0	his -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting
3	his -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- screenplay
2	-LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- screenplay
2	-LRB- Nelson 's -RRB-
2	Nelson 's -RRB-
2	Nelson 's
1	needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting
1	some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting
1	serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting
1	re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting
2	to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting
1	show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting
1	show more of the dilemma , rather than
2	show more of the dilemma ,
2	show more of the dilemma
2	more of the dilemma
2	of the dilemma
2	the dilemma
2	rather than
2	have his characters stage shouting
2	his characters stage shouting
3	his characters stage
2	characters stage
3	matches about it .
2	matches about it
2	about it
1	It 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead .
2	's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead .
1	's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
1	's so downbeat and nearly humorless
0	so downbeat and nearly humorless
1	so downbeat and
1	so downbeat
2	nearly humorless
1	that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
1	it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
1	becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
0	a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
0	chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
2	to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
1	sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
3	sit through -- despite some first-rate performances
2	sit through --
2	sit through
3	despite some first-rate performances
3	some first-rate performances
3	first-rate performances
2	by its lead
2	its lead
0	A terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .
0	A terrible movie that some people
0	A terrible movie
1	terrible movie
2	that some people
2	some people
3	will nevertheless find moving .
3	will nevertheless find moving
2	will nevertheless
2	find moving
0	There are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .
0	There are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them
1	There are many definitions of ` time waster ' but
1	There are many definitions of ` time waster '
1	are many definitions of ` time waster '
0	many definitions of ` time waster '
2	many definitions
2	of ` time waster '
1	` time waster '
1	time waster '
1	waster '
2	this movie must surely be one of them
2	this movie
2	must surely be one of them
2	must surely
2	be one of them
1	one of them
2	of them
1	As it stands , Crocodile Hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 Godzilla , which combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .
2	As it stands
2	it stands
1	, Crocodile Hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 Godzilla , which combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .
0	Crocodile Hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 Godzilla , which combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .
2	Crocodile Hunter
2	has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 Godzilla , which combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .
2	has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 Godzilla , which combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction
0	the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 Godzilla , which combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction
1	the hurried , badly cobbled look
1	hurried , badly cobbled look
1	, badly cobbled look
1	badly cobbled look
1	badly cobbled
2	of the 1959 Godzilla , which combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction
2	the 1959 Godzilla , which combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction
2	the 1959 Godzilla ,
2	the 1959 Godzilla
2	1959 Godzilla
2	which combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction
1	combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction
2	combined scenes of a Japanese monster
2	combined scenes
2	of a Japanese monster
2	a Japanese monster
2	Japanese monster
2	flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction
2	with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction
2	canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction
2	canned shots
2	of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction
2	Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction
2	Raymond Burr
2	commenting on the monster 's path of destruction
1	on the monster 's path of destruction
2	the monster 's path of destruction
2	the monster 's path
2	the monster 's
2	monster 's
1	of destruction
2	The thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie .
2	The thing
1	looks like a made-for-home-video quickie .
1	looks like a made-for-home-video quickie
0	like a made-for-home-video quickie
1	a made-for-home-video quickie
0	made-for-home-video quickie
1	Enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid .
2	Enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid
2	Enigma is well-made , but
3	Enigma is well-made ,
3	Enigma is well-made
4	is well-made
1	it 's just too dry and too placid
1	's just too dry and too placid
2	's just
1	too dry and too placid
1	too dry and
1	too dry
1	too placid
3	`` Sweet Home Alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...
3	Sweet Home Alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...
2	Sweet Home Alabama ''
2	Home Alabama ''
2	Alabama ''
3	is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...
3	is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film
3	what it is -- a nice , harmless date film
2	what it is
3	it is
3	-- a nice , harmless date film
3	a nice , harmless date film
3	nice , harmless date film
3	nice , harmless
2	, harmless
2	date film
4	One of the best , most understated performances of -LRB- Jack Nicholson 's -RRB- career .
4	One of the best , most
3	of the best , most
3	the best , most
3	the best ,
4	the best
3	understated performances of -LRB- Jack Nicholson 's -RRB- career .
1	understated performances of -LRB- Jack Nicholson 's -RRB- career
3	performances of -LRB- Jack Nicholson 's -RRB- career
2	of -LRB- Jack Nicholson 's -RRB- career
2	-LRB- Jack Nicholson 's -RRB- career
2	-LRB- Jack Nicholson 's -RRB-
2	Jack Nicholson 's -RRB-
2	Jack Nicholson 's
2	Nicholson 's
3	The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys ' take on adolescence feels painfully true .
3	The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys ' take on adolescence
2	The Dangerous Lives
2	Dangerous Lives
2	of Altar Boys ' take on adolescence
2	Altar Boys ' take on adolescence
2	Altar Boys ' take
2	Altar Boys '
3	Boys '
2	on adolescence
2	feels painfully true .
2	feels painfully true
2	painfully true
4	It 's a masterpiece .
4	's a masterpiece .
4	's a masterpiece
4	a masterpiece
2	It may not be `` Last Tango in Paris '' but ...
2	may not be `` Last Tango in Paris '' but ...
2	may not be `` Last Tango in Paris '' but
1	may not
2	be `` Last Tango in Paris '' but
2	`` Last Tango in Paris '' but
2	`` Last Tango in Paris ''
2	Last Tango in Paris ''
2	Last Tango in Paris
2	Last Tango
2	in Paris
1	They crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .
1	crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .
2	crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness
2	crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows ,
2	crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows
2	crush each other under cars ,
2	crush each other under cars
1	crush each other
2	each other
3	under cars
1	throw each other out windows
2	throw each other
2	each other
2	out windows
0	electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness
2	electrocute and dismember their victims
1	electrocute and dismember
2	electrocute and
2	their victims
3	in full consciousness
2	full consciousness
3	And we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .
3	we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .
3	do n't avert our eyes for a moment .
3	do n't avert our eyes for a moment
2	do n't
2	avert our eyes for a moment
1	avert our eyes
3	our eyes
2	for a moment
2	a moment
2	Charming and funny -LRB- but ultimately silly -RRB- movie .
4	Charming and funny -LRB- but ultimately silly -RRB- movie
3	Charming and
2	funny -LRB- but ultimately silly -RRB- movie
2	-LRB- but ultimately silly -RRB- movie
1	-LRB- but ultimately silly -RRB-
1	-LRB- but ultimately silly
2	-LRB- but
2	ultimately silly
4	Third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby !
3	Third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby
3	Third time 's the charm ...
3	Third time 's the charm
2	Third time 's
2	time 's
2	the charm
3	yeah , baby
2	yeah ,
2	A pleasant , if forgettable , romp of a film .
2	A pleasant , if forgettable ,
2	A pleasant , if forgettable
3	A pleasant ,
3	A pleasant
1	if forgettable
3	romp of a film .
3	romp of a film
2	of a film
2	a film
3	By the end of the movie , you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .
2	By the end of the movie
2	the end of the movie
2	the end
2	of the movie
2	the movie
3	, you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .
4	you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .
3	're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .
3	're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular
2	're definitely
3	convinced that these women are spectacular
4	that these women are spectacular
4	these women are spectacular
2	these women
3	are spectacular
3	Birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .
3	creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .
3	creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters
4	creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old --
2	creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old
2	creates a drama
2	a drama
2	with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old
2	such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old
3	such a well-defined sense
3	a well-defined sense
3	well-defined sense
2	of place and age -- as in , 15 years old
2	place and age -- as in , 15 years old
2	place and age -- as in ,
2	place and age -- as in
2	place and age --
2	place and age
2	place and
2	as in
3	15 years old
2	15 years
2	that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters
2	the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters
1	the torments and angst
1	torments and angst
1	torments and
1	become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters
1	become almost as operatic to us
2	become almost as operatic
2	almost as operatic
2	as operatic
2	to us
2	as they are to her characters
2	they are to her characters
2	are to her characters
2	to her characters
2	her characters
3	` Stock up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '
3	Stock up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '
2	up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '
2	up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight train of a film .
2	up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight train of a film
2	up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight
2	on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight
3	silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight
2	silver bullets
2	for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight
2	director Neil Marshall 's intense freight
2	director Neil Marshall 's
2	Neil Marshall 's
2	Marshall 's
2	intense freight
2	train of a film
2	of a film
2	a film
3	The film delivers what it promises : A look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .
2	The film
3	delivers what it promises : A look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .
3	delivers what it promises : A look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
2	what it promises : A look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
2	it promises : A look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
2	promises : A look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
2	promises :
3	A look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
3	A look
2	at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
2	the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
2	the `` wild ride ''
3	`` wild ride ''
3	wild ride ''
2	ride ''
2	that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
1	ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
2	when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
3	brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
2	brash young men
2	young men
2	set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
2	set out
2	to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
2	conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
2	conquer the online world
2	the online world
2	online world
1	with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
2	laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
2	laptops , cell phones and
2	laptops , cell phones
2	laptops ,
2	cell phones
2	sketchy business plans
3	business plans
3	As a film director , LaBute continues to improve .
2	As a film director
2	a film director
2	film director
3	, LaBute continues to improve .
3	LaBute continues to improve .
3	continues to improve .
3	continues to improve
2	to improve
4	Will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .
3	warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .
3	warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it
3	warm your heart
2	your heart
2	without making you feel guilty about it
2	making you feel guilty about it
1	you feel guilty about it
2	feel guilty about it
1	guilty about it
2	about it
3	Catch it ... if you can !
3	Catch it ... if you can
2	Catch it ...
2	Catch it
2	if you can
2	you can
2	Worse than ` Silence of the Lambs ' better than ` Hannibal '
2	than ` Silence of the Lambs ' better than ` Hannibal '
3	` Silence of the Lambs ' better than ` Hannibal '
2	` Silence of the Lambs '
2	Silence of the Lambs '
2	Silence of the Lambs
2	of the Lambs
2	the Lambs
2	better than ` Hannibal '
3	better than
2	` Hannibal '
2	Hannibal '
1	American and European cinema has amassed a vast Holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than The Grey Zone .
2	American and European cinema has amassed a vast Holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than The Grey Zone
2	American and European cinema has amassed a vast Holocaust literature , but
3	American and European cinema has amassed a vast Holocaust literature ,
2	American and European cinema has amassed a vast Holocaust literature
2	American and European cinema
1	American and
2	European cinema
2	has amassed a vast Holocaust literature
2	amassed a vast Holocaust literature
2	a vast Holocaust literature
2	vast Holocaust literature
1	Holocaust literature
1	it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than The Grey Zone
1	is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than The Grey Zone
2	impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than The Grey Zone
1	to think of any film more challenging or depressing than The Grey Zone
2	think of any film more challenging or depressing than The Grey Zone
2	think of any film more challenging or depressing
1	of any film more challenging or depressing
1	any film more challenging or depressing
2	any film
1	more challenging or depressing
1	challenging or depressing
2	challenging or
2	than The Grey Zone
2	The Grey Zone
1	Grey Zone
3	` Possession , ' based on the book by A.S. Byatt , demands that LaBute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit
2	` Possession , ' based on the book by A.S. Byatt , demands that LaBute deal with the subject of love head-on ;
2	` Possession , ' based on the book by A.S. Byatt , demands that LaBute deal with the subject of love head-on
2	` Possession , '
2	Possession , '
2	Possession ,
2	based on the book by A.S. Byatt , demands that LaBute deal with the subject of love head-on
2	based on the book by A.S. Byatt , demands
2	based on the book
2	on the book
2	the book
2	by A.S. Byatt , demands
2	A.S. Byatt , demands
2	A.S. Byatt ,
2	A.S. Byatt
2	that LaBute deal with the subject of love head-on
2	LaBute deal with the subject of love head-on
3	deal with the subject of love head-on
3	with the subject of love head-on
2	the subject of love head-on
2	the subject
2	of love head-on
3	love head-on
3	trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit
2	in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit
2	his cynicism for reverence and a little wit
2	his cynicism
3	for reverence and a little wit
2	reverence and a little wit
2	reverence and
3	a little wit
1	little wit
4	It 's the kind of movie that , aside from Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .
4	's the kind of movie that , aside from Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .
3	's the kind of movie that , aside from Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough
2	's the kind of movie
2	the kind of movie
2	the kind
2	of movie
2	that , aside from Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough
2	, aside from Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough
2	, aside from Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others ,
2	aside from Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others ,
2	from Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others ,
2	from Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others
2	Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others
2	Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and
2	Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers
2	Robert Altman , Spike Lee ,
2	Robert Altman , Spike Lee
2	Robert Altman ,
2	Robert Altman
2	Spike Lee
2	the Coen Brothers
3	Coen Brothers
2	a few others
2	few others
2	our moviemakers do n't make often enough
3	our moviemakers
2	do n't make often enough
2	do n't
2	make often enough
2	often enough
3	Alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .
3	Alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking
3	between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking
2	deadpan comedy and heartbreaking
2	comedy and heartbreaking
3	comedy and
3	loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .
3	loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience
2	loneliness and
3	is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience
1	is n't
1	afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience
3	to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience
3	provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience
2	provoke introspection
2	in both its characters and its audience
2	both its characters and its audience
3	its characters and its audience
2	its characters and
2	its characters
2	its audience
3	The script is smart , not cloying .
2	The script
3	is smart , not cloying .
2	is smart , not cloying
4	smart , not cloying
2	, not cloying
2	not cloying
3	Visually , ` Santa Clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .
4	, ` Santa Clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .
4	` Santa Clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .
4	Santa Clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .
2	Santa Clause 2
2	Clause 2
2	' is wondrously creative .
3	is wondrously creative .
4	is wondrously creative
4	wondrously creative
4	A bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing .
4	A bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing
1	A bittersweet contemporary comedy
3	bittersweet contemporary comedy
2	contemporary comedy
2	about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing
3	benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing
2	benevolent deception ,
2	benevolent deception
3	which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing
4	, while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing
2	, while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces ,
2	while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces ,
2	while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces
2	it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces
1	may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces
1	may not
3	rival the filmmaker 's period pieces
2	the filmmaker 's period pieces
2	the filmmaker 's
2	filmmaker 's
2	period pieces
3	is still very much worth seeing
4	is still very much worth
2	is still
4	very much worth
3	much worth
4	One fantastic -LRB- and educational -RRB- documentary .
3	One fantastic -LRB- and educational -RRB-
2	One fantastic
3	-LRB- and educational -RRB-
2	-LRB- and educational
2	-LRB- and
2	documentary .
3	An ambitious ` what if ? '
2	ambitious ` what if ? '
2	ambitious ` what if ?
3	ambitious ` what if
2	ambitious ` what
3	ambitious `
3	that works .
2	works .
3	`` The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys '' has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
1	`` The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys '' has flaws , but
1	`` The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys '' has flaws ,
1	`` The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys '' has flaws
2	`` The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys ''
2	The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys ''
2	The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys
2	The Dangerous Lives
2	Dangerous Lives
2	of Altar Boys
2	Altar Boys
2	has flaws
4	it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
3	also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
4	has humor and heart and very talented young actors
3	humor and heart and very talented young actors
3	humor and heart and
3	humor and heart
3	humor and
3	very talented young actors
3	very talented
2	young actors
3	Nice piece of work .
3	Nice piece of work
3	Nice piece
2	of work
3	` Stock up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '
3	Stock up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '
2	up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '
2	up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight train of a film .
2	up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight train of a film
2	up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight
2	on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight
3	silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight
2	silver bullets
2	for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight
2	director Neil Marshall 's intense freight
2	director Neil Marshall 's
2	Neil Marshall 's
2	Marshall 's
2	intense freight
2	train of a film
2	of a film
2	a film
3	It 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .
3	's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .
2	's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true
3	's funny ,
2	's funny
3	as the old saying goes , because it 's true
3	the old saying goes , because it 's true
2	the old saying
2	old saying
2	goes , because it 's true
2	goes ,
2	because it 's true
3	it 's true
2	's true
3	Though the film is static , its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .
1	Though the film is static
1	the film is static
2	the film
2	is static
2	, its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .
3	its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .
2	its writer-director 's heart
3	its writer-director 's
2	writer-director 's
3	is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .
4	is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable
2	in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable
2	the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable
2	the right place ,
3	the right place
3	right place
2	his plea for democracy and civic action laudable
2	his plea
2	for democracy and civic action laudable
2	democracy and civic action laudable
3	and civic action laudable
2	civic action laudable
3	action laudable
2	The filmmaker 's heart is in the right place ...
2	The filmmaker 's heart
2	The filmmaker 's
2	filmmaker 's
2	is in the right place ...
3	is in the right place
3	in the right place
3	the right place
3	right place
3	From blushing to gushing -- Imamura squirts the screen in ` Warm Water Under a Red Bridge '
3	blushing to gushing -- Imamura squirts the screen in ` Warm Water Under a Red Bridge '
2	to gushing -- Imamura squirts the screen in ` Warm Water Under a Red Bridge '
3	gushing -- Imamura squirts the screen in ` Warm Water Under a Red Bridge '
3	gushing --
2	Imamura squirts the screen in ` Warm Water Under a Red Bridge '
3	squirts the screen in ` Warm Water Under a Red Bridge '
2	squirts the screen
2	the screen
2	in ` Warm Water Under a Red Bridge '
2	in ` Warm Water Under a Red Bridge
2	in `
2	Warm Water Under a Red Bridge
2	Water Under a Red Bridge
2	Under a Red Bridge
2	a Red Bridge
2	Red Bridge
4	Apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen .
2	Apart from anything else
2	from anything else
2	anything else
4	, this is one of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen .
4	this is one of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen .
4	is one of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen .
4	is one of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen
4	one of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen
4	of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen
4	the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen
3	the best-sustained ideas
2	best-sustained ideas
2	I have ever seen on the screen
2	have ever seen on the screen
2	have ever
2	seen on the screen
2	on the screen
2	the screen
3	Not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective .
2	Not a schlocky creature
1	a schlocky creature
1	schlocky creature
3	feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective .
3	feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective
3	but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective
2	but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence ,
3	but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence
3	but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and ,
3	but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and
2	but something far more stylish and cerebral --
3	but something far more stylish and cerebral
2	but something
2	far more stylish and cerebral
3	far more stylish and
3	far more stylish
2	more stylish
3	more chillingly effective
3	chillingly effective
0	Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish .
0	Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy ,
0	Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy
0	Stupid ,
0	infantile , redundant , sloppy
1	, redundant , sloppy
0	redundant , sloppy
0	, sloppy
0	over-the-top , and amateurish .
0	over-the-top , and amateurish
1	over-the-top , and
2	over-the-top ,
2	Yep , it 's `` Waking up in Reno . ''
2	, it 's `` Waking up in Reno . ''
2	it 's `` Waking up in Reno . ''
2	's `` Waking up in Reno . ''
2	's `` Waking up in Reno .
2	's `` Waking up in Reno
2	's ``
2	Waking up in Reno
2	Waking up
2	in Reno
1	Go back to sleep .
2	Go back to sleep
2	Go back
2	to sleep
1	I did n't laugh .
1	did n't laugh .
2	did n't laugh
2	did n't
1	I did n't smile .
1	did n't smile .
1	did n't smile
2	did n't
2	I survived .
2	survived .
0	The worst film of the year .
0	The worst film of the year
0	The worst film
0	worst film
2	of the year
2	the year
1	In the book-on-tape market , the film of `` The Kid Stays in the Picture '' would be an abridged edition
2	In the book-on-tape market
2	the book-on-tape market
2	book-on-tape market
2	, the film of `` The Kid Stays in the Picture '' would be an abridged edition
2	the film of `` The Kid Stays in the Picture '' would be an abridged edition
2	the film of `` The Kid Stays in the Picture ''
2	the film
2	of `` The Kid Stays in the Picture ''
2	of `` The Kid Stays in the Picture
2	of ``
2	The Kid Stays in the Picture
2	The Kid Stays
2	Kid Stays
2	in the Picture
2	the Picture
1	would be an abridged edition
2	be an abridged edition
2	an abridged edition
3	abridged edition
1	A sour attempt at making a Farrelly Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set .
0	A sour attempt at making a Farrelly Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female
1	A sour attempt
1	sour attempt
2	at making a Farrelly Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female
3	making a Farrelly Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female
2	making a Farrelly Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher
3	a Farrelly Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher
3	Farrelly Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher
2	Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher
2	, down-and-dirty laugher
3	down-and-dirty laugher
2	for the female
2	the female
2	set .
1	Eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .
2	lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .
1	lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants
1	lacks considerable brio
2	considerable brio
2	for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants
3	a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants
2	a film
3	about one of cinema 's directorial giants
3	one of cinema 's directorial giants
3	of cinema 's directorial giants
3	cinema 's directorial giants
2	cinema 's
2	directorial giants
1	Taken as a whole , The Tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .
2	Taken as a whole
2	as a whole
2	a whole
1	, The Tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .
1	The Tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .
2	The Tuxedo
1	does n't add up to a whole lot .
0	does n't add up to a whole lot
1	does n't
2	add up to a whole lot
2	add up
2	to a whole lot
3	a whole lot
2	whole lot
1	This is no `` Waterboy ! ''
2	is no `` Waterboy ! ''
2	is no `` Waterboy !
2	is no `` Waterboy
1	no `` Waterboy
2	`` Waterboy
1	Something has been lost in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
0	has been lost in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
1	has been lost in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
1	been lost in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
0	lost in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
1	in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
0	the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
2	the translation ...
2	the translation
1	another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
1	another routine Hollywood frightfest
2	routine Hollywood frightfest
1	Hollywood frightfest
1	in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
2	in which
1	the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
2	the slack execution
1	slack execution
2	italicizes the absurdity of the premise
1	the absurdity of the premise
1	the absurdity
2	of the premise
2	the premise
1	The result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .
2	The result
3	is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .
1	is an ` action film ' mired in stasis
1	an ` action film ' mired in stasis
3	an ` action film '
2	` action film '
2	action film '
2	film '
1	mired in stasis
2	in stasis
0	... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .
0	a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .
0	a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made
2	a movie
1	that , quite simply , should n't have been made
0	, quite simply , should n't have been made
1	quite simply , should n't have been made
2	quite simply
0	, should n't have been made
1	should n't have been made
2	should n't
2	have been made
2	been made
3	By turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .
2	turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .
2	turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious
1	pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious
1	pretentious ,
3	fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious
1	, ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious
2	ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious
1	, provocative and vainglorious
2	provocative and vainglorious
3	provocative and
0	I ca n't recommend it .
0	ca n't recommend it .
0	ca n't recommend it
2	ca n't
3	recommend it
3	But it 's surprisingly harmless .
2	it 's surprisingly harmless .
3	's surprisingly harmless .
2	's surprisingly harmless
2	surprisingly harmless
3	What 's next ?
2	's next ?
2	's next
2	The Porky 's Revenge : Ultimate Edition ?
2	The Porky 's Revenge : Ultimate Edition
2	The Porky 's Revenge :
2	The Porky 's Revenge
2	The Porky 's
2	Porky 's
2	Ultimate Edition
1	The script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .
2	The script
1	is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .
0	is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish
1	a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish
1	a dim-witted pairing
1	dim-witted pairing
1	of teen-speak and animal gibberish
1	teen-speak and animal gibberish
2	teen-speak and animal
2	teen-speak and
2	There 's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to .
2	There 's no real reason to see it , and no real reason not to
1	There 's no real reason to see it , and
0	There 's no real reason to see it ,
0	There 's no real reason to see it
0	's no real reason to see it
1	no real reason to see it
3	real reason to see it
3	reason to see it
2	to see it
3	see it
2	no real reason not to
3	no real reason
2	real reason
2	not to
2	Is `` Ballistic '' worth the price of admission ?
2	Is `` Ballistic '' worth the price of admission
2	Is `` Ballistic '' worth
2	`` Ballistic '' worth
2	Ballistic '' worth
3	'' worth
2	the price of admission
3	the price
2	of admission
1	Absolutely not .
2	not .
0	It sucked .
1	sucked .
2	Would I see it again ?
2	Would I see it again
2	Would I
4	see it again
3	see it
2	Please see previous answer .
2	see previous answer .
2	see previous answer
2	previous answer
2	It 's exactly what you 'd expect .
1	's exactly what you 'd expect .
2	's exactly what you 'd expect
2	exactly what you 'd expect
2	exactly what
2	you 'd expect
2	'd expect
2	`` The Kid Stays in the Picture '' is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat .
3	The Kid Stays in the Picture '' is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat .
2	The Kid Stays in the Picture
2	The Kid Stays
2	Kid Stays
2	in the Picture
2	the Picture
3	'' is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat .
1	is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat .
3	is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat
2	a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat
3	a great story ,
3	a great story
4	great story
1	terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat
1	told by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat
0	by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat
0	the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat
3	the man
1	who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat
1	wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat
2	wrote it
0	but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat
1	this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat
2	this Cliff Notes edition
2	Cliff Notes edition
2	Notes edition
2	is a cheat
2	a cheat
1	A prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .
1	A prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell
2	A prison comedy
2	prison comedy
1	that never really busts out of its comfy little cell
1	never really busts out of its comfy little cell
3	really busts out of its comfy little cell
3	busts out of its comfy little cell
2	busts out
2	of its comfy little cell
2	its comfy little cell
2	comfy little cell
2	little cell
2	The movie is obviously a labour of love so Howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted .
2	The movie
2	is obviously a labour of love so Howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted .
2	is obviously a labour of love so Howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted
3	is obviously a labour of love
2	is obviously
4	a labour of love
1	a labour
2	of love
1	so Howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted
1	Howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted
1	appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted
2	to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted
1	have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted
1	had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted
2	had free rein
2	free rein
2	to be as pretentious as he wanted
2	be as pretentious as he wanted
1	be as pretentious
1	as pretentious
2	as he wanted
2	he wanted
1	This is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .
0	This is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom
1	This is n't a movie ;
1	This is n't a movie
2	is n't a movie
1	is n't
2	a movie
2	it 's a symptom
2	's a symptom
2	a symptom
0	What we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .
2	What we have is
2	we have is
2	have is
0	a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .
2	a character
0	faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .
0	faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
2	faced with the possibility
2	with the possibility
2	the possibility
0	that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
0	her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
2	her life
0	is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
0	is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance ,
0	is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
0	is meaningless , vapid and devoid
0	meaningless , vapid and devoid
1	, vapid and devoid
2	vapid and devoid
1	vapid and
2	of substance
0	in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
0	a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
2	a movie
0	that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
0	is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
0	is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid
2	is definitely
0	meaningless , vapid and devoid
1	, vapid and devoid
2	vapid and devoid
1	vapid and
2	of substance
1	If only it were , well , funnier .
2	If only it were
2	If only
2	it were
3	, well , funnier .
2	well , funnier .
3	, funnier .
3	funnier .
1	The script ?
2	script ?
2	Please .
0	Does n't add up to much .
1	Does n't add up to much
2	Does n't
2	add up to much
2	add up
2	to much
0	One of the worst movies of the year .
1	One of the worst movies of the year
0	of the worst movies of the year
1	the worst movies of the year
1	the worst movies
0	worst movies
2	of the year
2	the year
1	A complete waste of time .
0	A complete waste of time
0	A complete waste
0	complete waste
2	of time
0	Long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
2	Long before it 's over
2	before it 's over
2	it 's over
2	's over
1	, you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
0	you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
0	'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
0	'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser
0	be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser
1	thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser
2	thinking of 51 ways
2	of 51 ways
2	51 ways
1	to leave this loser
0	leave this loser
0	this loser
0	One of the worst movies of the year .
1	One of the worst movies of the year
0	of the worst movies of the year
1	the worst movies of the year
1	the worst movies
0	worst movies
2	of the year
2	the year
1	... Watching it was painful .
0	Watching it was painful .
0	Watching it was painful
2	Watching it
0	was painful
1	The cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .
1	The cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar
3	The cinematic equivalent
2	cinematic equivalent
2	of patronizing a bar
2	patronizing a bar
2	a bar
1	favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .
0	favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate
0	by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate
1	pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate
1	pretentious ,
1	untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate
1	untalented artistes
0	who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate
2	enjoy moaning about their cruel fate
1	moaning about their cruel fate
2	about their cruel fate
0	their cruel fate
2	cruel fate
4	Spiderman ROCKS
3	A compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother 's hold over her .
3	A compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother
3	A compelling coming-of-age drama
4	compelling coming-of-age drama
3	coming-of-age drama
2	about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother
2	the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother
3	the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and
2	the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes
2	the arduous journey
1	arduous journey
2	of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes
2	a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes
2	a sensitive young girl
2	sensitive young girl
2	young girl
2	through a series of foster homes
2	a series of foster homes
2	a series
2	of foster homes
2	foster homes
2	a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother
2	fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother
2	struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother
2	to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother
2	pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother
2	pull free
2	from her dangerous and domineering mother
2	her dangerous and domineering mother
2	dangerous and domineering mother
1	dangerous and domineering
2	dangerous and
2	's hold over her .
2	's hold over her
2	hold over her
2	hold over
3	Thoroughly enjoyable .
4	Thoroughly enjoyable
3	Family fare .
2	fare .
4	Boisterous , heartfelt comedy .
3	Boisterous , heartfelt comedy
2	Boisterous ,
4	heartfelt comedy
4	An exhilarating experience .
3	An exhilarating
2	experience .
4	Compellingly watchable .
3	watchable .
3	Troubling and powerful .
3	Troubling and powerful
1	Troubling and
3	Often hilarious .
3	Often hilarious
3	A modest masterpiece .
4	modest masterpiece .
4	masterpiece .
3	Never once predictable .
3	Never once predictable
2	Never once
4	An uplifting , near-masterpiece .
4	An uplifting , near-masterpiece
3	An uplifting ,
3	An uplifting
3	Warm and exotic .
4	Warm and exotic
3	Warm and
4	... a true delight .
4	a true delight .
3	a true
3	delight .
3	A true pleasure .
4	true pleasure .
3	pleasure .
3	Polished , well-structured film .
4	Polished , well-structured film
3	Polished ,
4	well-structured film
4	Sexy and romantic .
3	Sexy and romantic
3	Sexy and
3	Psychologically savvy .
4	Psychologically savvy
4	delightfully rendered
4	Fun and nimble .
3	Fun and nimble
3	Fun and
3	Funny and touching .
3	Funny and touching
3	Funny and
4	Serious and thoughtful .
4	Serious and thoughtful
2	Serious and
3	It strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain .
2	strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain .
3	strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain
2	strikes hardest ...
3	strikes hardest
3	when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain
3	it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain
3	reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain
2	reminds you
3	how pertinent its dynamics remain
2	how pertinent
2	its dynamics remain
2	its dynamics
4	Fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and -LRB- director Phillip -RRB- Noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
2	Fifty years after the fact
2	Fifty years
2	after the fact
2	the fact
4	, the world 's political situation seems little different , and -LRB- director Phillip -RRB- Noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
4	the world 's political situation seems little different , and -LRB- director Phillip -RRB- Noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
4	the world 's political situation seems little different , and -LRB- director Phillip -RRB- Noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill
2	the world 's political situation seems little different , and -LRB- director Phillip -RRB-
2	the world 's political situation seems little different , and
2	the world 's political situation seems little different ,
2	the world 's political situation seems little different
1	the world 's political situation
2	the world 's
2	world 's
2	political situation
1	seems little different
2	little different
2	-LRB- director Phillip -RRB-
2	director Phillip -RRB-
2	director Phillip
4	Noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill
4	brings out the allegory with remarkable skill
2	brings out
4	the allegory with remarkable skill
2	the allegory
4	with remarkable skill
3	remarkable skill
4	One-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .
4	near-masterpiece .
3	Lightweight but appealing .
3	Lightweight but appealing
2	Lightweight but
4	Highly engaging .
4	engaging .
1	Feral and uncomfortable .
1	Feral and uncomfortable
2	Feral and
4	A gripping drama .
4	gripping drama .
3	drama .
4	Beautifully produced .
2	produced .
4	Smart and taut .
3	Smart and taut
3	Smart and
4	Highly watchable stuff .
3	watchable stuff .
3	watchable stuff
3	Psychologically revealing .
3	Psychologically revealing
3	A fast paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .
4	A fast paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play
4	A fast paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller about the shadow side
4	A fast paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller
4	fast paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller
4	paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller
3	and suspenseful Argentinian thriller
3	suspenseful Argentinian thriller
3	Argentinian thriller
2	about the shadow side
2	the shadow side
2	shadow side
2	of play
4	... wise and elegiac ...
4	wise and elegiac ...
2	and elegiac ...
2	elegiac ...
2	Spare yet audacious ...
2	Spare yet audacious
2	yet audacious
3	Surprisingly insightful
4	An intoxicating experience .
3	An intoxicating
2	experience .
4	Reassuring , retro uplifter .
3	, retro uplifter .
3	retro uplifter .
4	uplifter .
4	Visually captivating .
4	captivating .
2	Lavishly , exhilaratingly tasteless .
1	, exhilaratingly tasteless .
1	exhilaratingly tasteless .
1	exhilaratingly tasteless
2	Touché !
4	An impressive hybrid .
3	impressive hybrid .
2	hybrid .
3	A tasty masala .
2	tasty masala .
2	masala .
4	Refreshing .
3	Featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .
2	Featherweight romantic comedy
2	romantic comedy
3	has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .
3	has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock
3	a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock
3	a few nice twists in a standard plot and
3	a few nice twists in a standard plot
3	a few nice twists
3	few nice twists
3	nice twists
1	in a standard plot
2	a standard plot
2	standard plot
3	the charisma of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock
3	the charisma
2	of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock
2	Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock
2	Hugh Grant and
2	Hugh Grant
2	Sandra Bullock
3	Poignant and funny .
4	Poignant and funny
3	Poignant and
4	See it .
3	See it
2	Debate it .
2	Debate it
3	Remember it .
2	Remember it
4	Morvern rocks .
3	rocks .
4	Intelligent and moving .
4	Intelligent and moving
3	Intelligent and
3	Genuinely unnerving .
1	Genuinely unnerving
4	A compelling film .
4	compelling film .
2	film .
3	Deliciously slow .
1	slow .
4	A riveting documentary .
4	riveting documentary .
2	documentary .
4	An enjoyable experience .
3	An enjoyable
2	experience .
3	A good thriller .
3	good thriller .
2	thriller .
2	A glorious mess .
2	glorious mess .
1	mess .
3	Neatly constructed thriller .
3	Neatly constructed thriller
2	constructed thriller
3	Intimate and panoramic .
3	Intimate and panoramic
3	Intimate and
4	Exciting documentary .
3	Exciting documentary
4	Good , solid storytelling .
3	, solid storytelling .
3	solid storytelling .
2	storytelling .
4	Infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by Diane Lane .
2	Infidelity drama
4	is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by Diane Lane .
4	is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by Diane Lane
3	is nicely shot , well-edited and
4	is nicely shot , well-edited
3	is nicely shot ,
3	is nicely shot
3	nicely shot
4	features a standout performance by Diane Lane
4	features a standout performance
4	a standout performance
4	standout performance
2	by Diane Lane
2	Diane Lane
3	Audacious-impossible yet compelling ...
3	Audacious-impossible yet compelling
3	yet compelling
1	A muted freak-out
1	muted freak-out
4	Moving and vibrant .
4	Moving and vibrant
3	Moving and
3	... quite endearing .
3	quite endearing .
4	endearing .
3	Harmless fun .
3	fun .
3	Good-naturedly cornball sequel .
2	cornball sequel .
1	cornball sequel
3	Oddly compelling .
3	Oddly compelling
2	Witless but watchable .
2	but watchable .
3	watchable .
4	Mr. Deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .
2	Mr. Deeds
4	is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .
4	is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
4	sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
4	to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
4	give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
3	give you
4	a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
2	a lot
3	of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
3	laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
3	in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
3	this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
4	simple , sweet and romantic comedy
3	simple , sweet and romantic
4	, sweet and romantic
4	sweet and romantic
3	sweet and
3	Hard to resist .
2	to resist .
2	to resist
4	A true-blue delight .
4	true-blue delight .
3	delight .
3	A fun ride .
3	A fun
2	ride .
1	Weird .
3	Rewarding .
3	Sleek and arty .
4	Sleek and arty
2	Sleek and
4	Fantastic !
4	A thought-provoking picture .
4	thought-provoking picture .
2	picture .
4	A stylish thriller .
3	stylish thriller .
2	thriller .
1	Almost peerlessly unsettling .
2	Almost peerlessly
2	unsettling .
4	Delirious fun .
3	fun .
4	Exciting and well-paced .
4	Exciting and well-paced
3	Exciting and
4	Really quite funny .
4	Really quite funny
4	quite funny
4	A well-executed spy-thriller .
4	well-executed spy-thriller .
2	spy-thriller .
0	Idiotic and ugly .
0	Idiotic and ugly
0	Idiotic and
3	A funny film .
4	funny film .
2	film .
3	-LRB- A -RRB- satisfying niblet .
3	-LRB- A -RRB- satisfying niblet
2	-LRB- A -RRB-
2	A -RRB-
3	satisfying niblet
3	Poetic , heartbreaking .
4	Poetic , heartbreaking
3	Poetic ,
3	Formuliac , but fun .
3	, but fun .
3	but fun .
3	but fun
2	Feels untidily honest .
2	untidily honest .
3	untidily honest
3	`` Red Dragon '' never cuts corners .
4	Red Dragon '' never cuts corners .
2	Red Dragon
3	'' never cuts corners .
3	never cuts corners .
2	never cuts corners
1	cuts corners
3	Full of surprises .
3	Full of surprises
3	of surprises
3	Quietly engaging .
4	engaging .
3	Dense , exhilarating documentary .
4	Dense , exhilarating documentary
2	Dense ,
4	exhilarating documentary
4	a joyous occasion
3	joyous occasion
3	-LRB- An -RRB- absorbing documentary .
3	-LRB- An -RRB- absorbing documentary
2	-LRB- An -RRB-
3	An -RRB-
3	absorbing documentary
3	A genuine mind-bender .
3	genuine mind-bender .
3	mind-bender .
4	Great character interaction .
4	Great character
2	interaction .
4	Intriguing and stylish .
4	Intriguing and stylish
2	Intriguing and
3	Many insightful moments .
3	insightful moments .
3	insightful moments
1	Everything is off .
1	is off .
2	is off
2	Earnest but heavy-handed .
3	Earnest but heavy-handed
2	Earnest but
1	One lousy movie .
0	One lousy movie
0	lousy movie
0	... hypnotically dull .
0	hypnotically dull .
1	dull .
2	Calculated swill .
1	swill .
0	Thoroughly awful .
0	Thoroughly awful
0	Truly terrible .
0	Truly terrible
1	Fluffy and disposible .
0	Fluffy and disposible
2	Fluffy and
1	By-the-numbers yarn .
2	yarn .
1	Aan opportunity wasted .
2	Aan opportunity
1	wasted .
1	Storytelling feels slight .
2	feels slight .
2	feels slight
1	Bad company .
2	company .
0	Bad movie .
2	movie .
0	Just plain bad .
0	plain bad .
1	plain bad
0	-LRB- A -RRB- soulless , stupid sequel ...
0	-LRB- A -RRB- soulless , stupid sequel
0	-LRB- A -RRB- soulless ,
1	-LRB- A -RRB- soulless
1	A -RRB- soulless
1	-RRB- soulless
0	stupid sequel
1	A high-minded snoozer .
0	high-minded snoozer .
0	snoozer .
0	Execrable .
3	Amazingly dopey .
1	Amazingly dopey
0	Banal and predictable .
1	Banal and predictable
1	Banal and
2	Crikey indeed .
1	Crikey indeed
0	Brisk hack job .
1	Brisk hack job
1	Brisk hack
1	... the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .
2	the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .
1	the maudlin way its story unfolds
2	the maudlin way
2	maudlin way
2	its story unfolds
2	its story
3	suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .
2	suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material
2	a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material
2	a director
2	fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material
2	fighting against the urge
2	against the urge
2	the urge
2	to sensationalize his material
2	sensationalize his material
2	his material
0	... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
0	bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
1	Obvious .
1	Its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .
1	Its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda
2	Its one-sidedness ...
1	Its one-sidedness
1	flirts with propaganda
2	with propaganda
0	... a pretentious mess ...
0	a pretentious mess ...
2	a pretentious
1	mess ...
0	-LRB- A -RRB- rather thinly-conceived movie .
2	-LRB- A -RRB-
2	A -RRB-
2	rather thinly-conceived movie .
1	thinly-conceived movie .
2	thinly-conceived movie
2	So-so entertainment .
3	entertainment .
2	Punitively affirmational parable .
3	Punitively affirmational
2	parable .
1	Decent but dull .
2	Decent but dull
2	Decent but
2	Thin period piece .
1	Thin period piece
2	Thin period
2	-LRB- A -RRB- stuporously solemn film .
2	-LRB- A -RRB-
2	A -RRB-
2	stuporously solemn film .
2	solemn film .
2	solemn film
1	Well-meant but unoriginal .
1	Well-meant but unoriginal
1	Well-meant but
1	Odd and weird .
1	Odd and weird
1	Odd and
0	Cinematic poo .
0	poo .
1	... stale and uninspired .
0	stale and uninspired .
0	and uninspired .
0	uninspired .
0	A dreary movie .
0	dreary movie .
2	movie .
0	Pompous and garbled .
0	Pompous and garbled
1	Pompous and
0	Utter mush ... conceited pap .
0	Utter mush ... conceited pap
0	Utter mush ...
0	Utter mush
1	conceited pap
2	Well-meaning but inert .
1	Well-meaning but inert
2	Well-meaning but
0	... overly melodramatic ...
1	overly melodramatic ...
2	melodramatic ...
0	Extremely bad .
0	Extremely bad
1	Shrewd but pointless .
1	Shrewd but pointless
2	Shrewd but
0	Sluggish , tonally uneven .
1	Sluggish , tonally uneven
1	Sluggish ,
0	tonally uneven
0	Generic thriller junk .
1	thriller junk .
1	thriller junk
2	Teens only .
2	Teens only
1	A non-mystery mystery .
2	non-mystery mystery .
2	mystery .
0	What an embarrassment .
0	an embarrassment .
0	embarrassment .
1	A noble failure .
1	noble failure .
0	failure .
1	Woefully pretentious .
1	pretentious .
0	... irritating soul-searching garbage .
0	irritating soul-searching garbage .
0	soul-searching garbage .
0	garbage .
0	A relative letdown .
0	relative letdown .
1	letdown .
2	Warmed-over hash .
2	hash .
2	A puzzling experience .
2	A puzzling
2	experience .
1	Stale , futile scenario .
1	Stale , futile scenario
1	Stale ,
2	futile scenario
0	Aggravating and tedious .
0	Aggravating and tedious
1	Aggravating and
1	Lacks depth .
2	depth .
0	under-rehearsed and lifeless
0	under-rehearsed and
0	Laughably , irredeemably awful .
0	, irredeemably awful .
0	irredeemably awful .
0	irredeemably awful
1	Unwieldy contraption .
2	contraption .
1	Overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .
0	Overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper
1	Overwrought ,
1	melodramatic bodice-ripper
0	An awful snooze .
0	awful snooze .
1	snooze .
2	Just plain silly .
0	plain silly .
1	plain silly
1	Feeble comedy .
1	Feeble comedy
2	... salaciously simplistic .
1	salaciously simplistic .
2	simplistic .
1	Shallow .
0	A less-than-thrilling thriller .
1	less-than-thrilling thriller .
2	thriller .
1	Disjointed parody .
3	parody .
1	... silly humbuggery ...
1	silly humbuggery ...
1	humbuggery ...
2	Eh .
0	Black-and-white and unrealistic .
1	Black-and-white and unrealistic
2	Black-and-white and
1	Two-bit potboiler .
2	potboiler .
1	Painfully padded .
1	padded .
1	Anemic , pretentious .
1	Anemic , pretentious
1	Anemic ,
1	Grating and tedious .
0	Grating and tedious
2	Grating and
2	It bites hard .
1	bites hard .
2	bites hard
1	-LRB- A -RRB- mess .
0	-LRB- A -RRB- mess
2	-LRB- A -RRB-
2	A -RRB-
0	Dramatically lackluster .
1	Dramatically lackluster
0	Stay away .
0	Stay away
2	Far away .
2	Far away
0	... a pretentious mess ...
0	a pretentious mess ...
2	a pretentious
1	mess ...
0	Predictably soulless techno-tripe .
1	soulless techno-tripe .
0	soulless techno-tripe
2	Arty gay film .
1	gay film .
2	gay film
1	Incoherence reigns .
2	reigns .
0	A half-assed film .
0	half-assed film .
2	film .
0	Abysmally pathetic
0	... unbearably lame .
0	unbearably lame .
0	lame .
1	Bland but harmless .
2	Bland but harmless
2	Bland but
2	Dense and enigmatic ... elusive ... stagy and stilted
2	Dense and enigmatic ...
2	Dense and enigmatic
2	Dense and
1	elusive ... stagy and stilted
1	elusive ...
1	stagy and stilted
2	stagy and
0	-LRB- L -RRB- ame and unnecessary .
2	-LRB- L -RRB-
2	L -RRB-
1	ame and unnecessary .
1	ame and unnecessary
2	ame and
2	A dreary indulgence .
1	dreary indulgence .
2	indulgence .
0	-LRB- A -RRB- crushing disappointment .
0	-LRB- A -RRB- crushing disappointment
2	-LRB- A -RRB-
2	A -RRB-
1	crushing disappointment
1	Tends to plod .
1	Tends to plod
2	to plod
0	A major waste ... generic .
0	A major waste ... generic
0	A major waste ...
0	A major waste
0	major waste
1	... a confusing drudgery .
0	a confusing drudgery .
2	a confusing
1	drudgery .
1	A well-crafted letdown .
1	well-crafted letdown .
1	letdown .
0	Boring and meandering .
1	Boring and meandering
0	Boring and
1	Less than fresh .
0	Less than fresh
2	than fresh
0	A lame comedy .
0	lame comedy .
2	comedy .
1	A reality-snubbing hodgepodge .
2	reality-snubbing hodgepodge .
1	hodgepodge .
2	Mildly amusing .
3	Mildly amusing
1	Fairly run-of-the-mill .
1	run-of-the-mill .
2	Mildly entertaining .
3	Mildly entertaining
0	Terrible .
0	Degenerates into hogwash .
1	Degenerates into hogwash
1	into hogwash
1	Meandering and confusing .
0	Meandering and confusing
2	Meandering and
0	Crummy .
1	An opportunity missed .
2	An opportunity
2	missed .
1	Wishy-washy .
1	Inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .
1	Inconsequential road-and-buddy pic
2	road-and-buddy pic
1	Insufferably naive .
0	Insufferably naive
1	Ill-considered , unholy hokum .
1	, unholy hokum .
1	unholy hokum .
1	unholy hokum
0	Amazingly lame .
0	lame .
1	-LRB- A -RRB- slummer .
2	-LRB- A -RRB-
2	A -RRB-
2	slummer .
0	-LRB- A -RRB- poorly executed comedy .
2	-LRB- A -RRB-
2	A -RRB-
1	poorly executed comedy .
2	executed comedy .
2	executed comedy
0	... really horrible drek .
0	really horrible drek .
0	really horrible
2	drek .
2	An intriguing near-miss .
2	intriguing near-miss .
1	near-miss .
1	Flat , misguided comedy .
0	Flat , misguided comedy
1	Flat ,
1	misguided comedy
1	Predictably melodramatic .
2	melodramatic .
0	Rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .
2	tale .
2	Bearable .
2	Barely .
0	Staggeringly dreadful romance .
0	dreadful romance .
1	dreadful romance
3	Well-made but mush-hearted .
1	but mush-hearted .
2	but mush-hearted
0	A real snooze .
0	real snooze .
1	snooze .
1	No surprises .
2	surprises .
3	We 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in Fire that makes the formula fresh again .
4	We 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in Fire that makes the formula fresh again
1	We 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but
1	We 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before ,
1	We 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before
1	've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before
2	seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before
2	seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot
2	the hippie-turned-yuppie plot
2	hippie-turned-yuppie plot
4	there 's an enthusiastic charm in Fire that makes the formula fresh again
3	's an enthusiastic charm in Fire that makes the formula fresh again
4	an enthusiastic charm in Fire that makes the formula fresh again
4	an enthusiastic charm in Fire
3	an enthusiastic charm
3	enthusiastic charm
2	in Fire
4	that makes the formula fresh again
4	makes the formula fresh again
3	the formula fresh again
2	the formula
3	fresh again
0	Her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .
2	Her fans
0	walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .
1	walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost
0	walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but
0	walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , ''
0	walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible ,
0	walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible
0	walked out
0	muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible
2	muttering words
0	like `` horrible '' and `` terrible
1	`` horrible '' and `` terrible
0	horrible '' and `` terrible
0	'' and `` terrible
1	and `` terrible
0	`` terrible
0	had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost
1	so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost
4	so much fun
2	so much
1	dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost
1	dissing the film
2	the film
2	that they did n't mind the ticket cost
2	they did n't mind the ticket cost
2	did n't mind the ticket cost
2	did n't
2	mind the ticket cost
2	the ticket cost
2	ticket cost
1	In this case zero .
2	In this
1	case zero .
1	zero .
